<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1938569_0001213900-24-098466.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1544366</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57439</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>494789</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>258797</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>411001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098466.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unite Acquisition 3 Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001938569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				881619619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56582
		FILM NUMBER:		241462728

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 E. 49TH STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(917) 200-3734

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 E. 49TH STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098466.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220970-10q_uniteacq3.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock, par value 0.0001 (Class) Outstanding at November 14, 2024 

UNITE ACQUISITION 3 CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information Contained in this Report 
 ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements. 
 1 

Condensed
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 2 

Condensed
 Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Condensed
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Condensed
 Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Notes
 to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 6 

Item 2. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 14 

PART II - OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 15 

Item 1. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 15 

Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 15 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 15 

Item 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities. 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 15 

Item 5. 
 Other
 Information. 
 15 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 15 

Signatures 
 16 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form
10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many
(but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, 
 expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, 
 would, should, could, may or other similar expressions in this Form 10-Q. In particular,
these include statements relating to future actions, future performance, anticipated expenses, or projected financial results. These forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience
and our present expectations or projections. 

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions
or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.
Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements
we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, or joint ventures we
may make or collaborations or strategic partnerships we may enter into. 

You should read this Form 10-Q and the documents
that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Unite Acquisition 3 Corp. 

ii 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp. 

September 30, 2024 

INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Statement 
 
 Page 

Condensed
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 2 

Condensed
 Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 3 

Condensed
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 

Condensed
 Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 5 

Notes
 to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 6 

1 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp . 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

(all amounts in USD, except number of shares and
per share data) 

September 30, 
2024 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 
 2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Related party payables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Note payable stockholder 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 3) 

Stockholder s deficit 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares, none issued 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholder s deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholder s deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp . 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(all amounts in USD, except number of shares and
per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss per common share - basic and dilutive net loss 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and dilutive 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp . 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(all amounts in USD, except number of shares and
per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total
Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, September 30, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Balance, January 1, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance, September 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp . 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(all amounts in USD) 

(Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Related party payables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Note payable - stockholder 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental information: 

Note payable represent constructive payments for expenses paid by stockholder on behalf of the Company 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

Unite
ACQUISITION 3 Corp . 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2024 

6 

and ,
respectively. The expenses paid on behalf of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and ,
respectively. Corresponding prior period expenses paid on behalf of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023
were and , respectively. 

7 

a quarter for advisory, accounting, and administrative support services provided by Lucius Partners LLC, sole stockholder of the Company.
The Company incurred expenses amounts to for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which is reflected in related
party payable on the condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounting to and , respectively.
The Company incurred expenses amounting to for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The Company also incurred director fees with Nathan
Pereira amounting to during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which is reflected in related party payable on
the condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounting to and , respectively. The Company
incurred director fees with Nathan Pereira amounting to during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, has working capital deficit and has an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024.
Management believes these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve
months following the date these unaudited condensed financial statements are issued. The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon management s plan to find a suitable acquisition or merger candidate, raise additional capital from issuance
of stock or receive continued financial support and additional borrowings from the existing promissory note from stockholder. Management
intends to finance operations over the next twelve months through additional borrowings from the existing Note. The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

. The Company holds cash at financial institutions that the Company believes are good credit, quality financial institutions
and limits the amount of credit exposure with any one bank and conducts ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of the banks with
which it does business. 

. The annual interest rate on the Promissory Note is . The Note matures on and can be prepaid
at anytime without penalty. The Company used the proceeds to pay off the note payable stockholder, related party payable,
held by Lucius Partners, the Company s sole stockholder and the director fees owed to Nathan Pereira and other accrued
expenses. The general partner of the new lender LPOF is Lucius Capital Partners LLC LCP ). The investment manager of
LPOF is Lucius Capital Fund Management, LLC LCFM ). Lucius Partners, LCP and LCFM have two individuals in common as
members. 

8 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview of our Business 

Unite Acquisition 3 Corp. was incorporated in
the State of Delaware on March 10, 2022. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial
financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has focused its efforts to identify a possible business
combination. 

The Company is currently considered to be a blank
check company. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, defines those companies as a development stage company that has
no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that its business plan is to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified
company or companies, or other entity or person, and that is issuing a penny stock, as defined in in Rule 3a51 1 under the Exchange
Act. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of blank check companies in
their respective jurisdictions. The Company is also a shell company, defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act as a company
with no or nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause
a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully concluded a business combination. The Company
intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements. 

In addition, the Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and exemptions from the requirements
of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act to hold a nonbinding advisory vote of stockholders on executive compensation and any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

The Company has also elected to use the extended
transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows
us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year during which our gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (2) the date on which
we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, (3) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth
anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed pursuant
to the Securities Act, or (4) when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller
reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth
company, certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting
company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements,
instead of three years. 

The Company has not conducted any active operations
since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company since
inception. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company,
of which there can be no assurance. The Company s plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its
efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be
to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will
not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire
any type of business. 

9 

The Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such
time will be paid with funds to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

During the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related
to: 

(i) filing Exchange Act reports, 

(ii) accounting, auditing and general administrative expenses,
and 

(ii) investigating, analyzing, and consummating an acquisition. 

We believe we will be able to meet these costs
through use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. There are no assurances that
such funds will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had 322 in cash. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 380 in cash. On March 10, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note
to Lucius Partners LLC Lucius Partners ), the sole stockholder of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to repay
the sum of any and all amounts that Lucius Partners may advance to the Company on or before the date that the Company consummates a business
combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction after which the Company would cease to be a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although
Lucius Partners has no obligation to advance funds to the Company under the terms of the note, it is anticipated that it may advance funds
to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future. As a result, the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances.
Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred.
In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically become due and payable (the Default Date and starting
from five days after the Default Date, the interest rate on the note shall accrue at the rate of 18 per annum. As of September 30, 2024
and as of December 31, 2023, the total amount due under the note was 130,247 and 79,563, respectively. 

Effective March 10, 2022, the Company also entered
into a services agreement with Lucius Partners, pursuant to which we incur a quarterly fee of 1,250 to Lucius Partners for advisory,
accounting, and administrative support services. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and
repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent
on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with such company. Management s plan includes
obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or related party advances, however there is no
assurance of additional funding being available. 

The Company, as of September 30, 2024 and as of
December 31, 2023, had 322 and 380 in cash, respectively, and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. In the next 12 months,
we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately 151,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred
in relation to the Company s Exchange Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company
vary widely and are dependent on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business
combination, the location of the target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of
the Company prior to the transaction will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement
of the Company s auditors in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction,
and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the
Company identifies a business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company is currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve
profitable operations. 

10 

The Company may consider a business, which has
recently commenced operations, as a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking
to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and needs
additional capital. We believe that the public company status that results from a combination with the Company will provide such company
greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community, and offer the opportunity to utilize its stock
to make acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will in fact have access to additional capital or financing as a public company. In
the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional
capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant
expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 

Any target business we select for a potential
business combination may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities
without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations
of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may effect a business combination with
an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that the Company will
likely be able to effect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present
and prospective stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a
target business in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in
investing in us because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

The Company anticipates that the selection of
a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. While the Company is in a competitive market with a small number of business
opportunities, through information obtained from industry professionals including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants
with experience in the reverse merger industry, we believe that there are opportunities for a business combination with companies seeking
the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include,
among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity for
the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. A private operating
company that may need to raise capital quickly could also benefit by completing a business combination with us rather than by filing its
own Exchange Act registration statement because certain investors will not invest in a company that is not filing periodic and current
reports with the SEC. On the other hand, the fact that our Common Stock is not quoted or listed and does not trade may adversely impact
the Company s likelihood of success in finding a target company and completing a business combination, especially if the Company
is competing for such opportunities with other entities seeking candidates for such combinations that have publicly traded stock or other
securities, which may be considered more attractive by some prospective targets. Potentially available business combinations may occur
in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis
of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

We do not currently intend to retain any entity
to act as a finder to identify and analyze the merits of potential target businesses. However, the Company s sole
shareholder, Lucius Partners, a privately held company, which provides a broad suite of services to help healthcare companies grow, achieve
milestones, and generate value for their shareholders, and/or other entities with whom the Company has contacts, may assist in making
introductions to candidates for a potential business combination. Lucius Partners has identified and invested in a wide spectrum of global
industries, primarily in the healthcare space, and may assist the Company with due diligence in the form of identifying a business combination
target but is not obligated to do so. Except as described herein, there are currently no other agreements or preliminary understandings
between us and Lucius Partners. As of the date of this filing, while Lucius Partners has introduced to the Company, and the Company has
had preliminary discussions with, certain candidates for a potential business combination, no definitive terms have been agreed, and the
Company has not entered into any definitive agreement with any party, and there can be no assurance any such discussions will result in
any such agreements. 

11 

We have not established a specific timeline, nor
have we created a specific plan to identify an acquisition target and consummate a business combination. We expect that our management
and the Company, through its various contacts and affiliations with other entities, including Lucius Partners, will locate a business
combination target. We expect that funds in the amount of approximately 151,000 will be required in order for the Company to satisfy
its Exchange Act reporting requirements during the next 12 months, in addition to any other funds that will be required in order to complete
a business combination. Such funds can only be estimated upon identifying a business combination target. Our sole stockholder has indicated
an intent to advance funds to the Company as needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with its Exchange Act reporting
requirements; however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company and our sole stockholder or any other person specifically
requiring that it provide any funds to the Company. Therefore, there are no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain the required
financing as needed in order to consummate a business combination transaction. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had total assets equal to 322 and 380, respectively, comprised exclusively of cash. The Company s current liabilities
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, totaled 221,754 and 111,621, respectively, was comprised of related party payables,
accounts payable and accrued expenses and amounts due under a note payable to a stockholder. The Company can provide no assurance that
it can continue to satisfy its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

The following is a summary of the Company s
cash flows provided by (used in) operating and financing activities: 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (50,742 
 (22,613 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 50,684 
 22,493 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (58 
 (120 

Issuance of Promissory Note to a Stockholder and Director 

On March 10, 2022, the Company issued a promissory
note to Lucius Partners, the sole stockholder of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to repay the sum of any and all amounts
that Lucius Partners may advance to the Company on or before the date that the Company consummates a business combination with a private
company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction after which the Company would cease to be a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although Lucius Partners has
no obligation to advance funds to the Company under the terms of the note, it is anticipated that it may advance funds to the Company
as fees and expenses are incurred in the future. As a result, the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances. Interest shall
not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred. In the
event of an Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically become due and payable (the Default Date and starting
from five (5) days after the Default Date, the interest rate on the note shall accrue at the rate of 18 per annum. As of September 30,
2024 and as of December 31, 2023, the total amount due under the note was 130,247 and 79,563, respectively. 

The Company has only cash assets and has generated
no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund its ongoing
operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a private operating company. In addition, the Company is dependent
upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable
at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to implement its plan of operations. 

12 

Issuance
 of Unsecured Promissory Note 

On October 28, 2024, the Company issued an
Unsecured Promissory Note (the Promissory Note to Lucius Partners Opportunity Fund, LP LPOF and
received 275,000. The annual interest rate on the Promissory Note is 12 . The Note matures on October 28, 2025 and can be prepaid
at anytime without penalty. The Company used the proceeds to pay off the note payable stockholder, related party payable,
held by Lucius Partners, the Company s sole stockholder and the director fees owed to Nathan Pereira and other accrued
expenses. The general partner of the new lender LPOF is Lucius Capital Partners LLC LCP ). The investment manager of
LPOF is Lucius Capital Fund Management, LLC LCFM ). Lucius Partners, LCP and LCFM have two individuals in common as
members. 

Results
 of Operations 

The
Company has not conducted any active operations since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No
revenue has been generated by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. It is unlikely the Company will have
any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance. It is
management s assertion that these circumstances may hinder the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
plan of operation for the next twelve months shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company had a net loss of 27,096 and 42,863, respectively, and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a net loss of 110,191 and 51,363 respectively, comprised of accounting,
audit and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the preparation and filing of the Company s SEC filings and general
and administrative expenses. 

In
the next 12 months, we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately 151,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional
service fees incurred in relation to the Company s Exchange Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a
business combination target company vary widely and are dependent on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of
time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the target company, the size and complexity of the business of the
target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the transaction will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due
diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s
capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore,
we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies a business combination target. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates.
The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate
and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to
investors. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. We base our estimates on our limited historical experience,
known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and
assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We have not identified any critical accounting
estimates. 

13 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than the Unsecured Promissory note disclosure above, the note
payable agreement disclosed above, an agreement to pay Nathan Pereira, a monthly fee of 1,000 for his services as a director and an agreement
with Lucius Partners to pay 1,250 per quarter for advisory, accounting and administrative support services. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Form
10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Internal controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions are
properly authorized, recorded and reported; and (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use, to permit the preparation
of our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 

In connection with the preparation of this Form
10-Q, management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure appropriate review of the internally prepared
unaudited condensed financial statements as well as the lack of adequate segregation of accounting functions which could have resulted
in material misstatements in the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

Management will aim to remediate the material
weaknesses described above through hiring additional qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel, and designing and implementing
financial reporting systems, processes, policies and internal control. We will continue to monitor our internal control over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. We do not, however, expect that the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls will be remediated until
such time as we have added additional personnel, including additional accounting and administrative staff, allowing improved internal
control over financial reporting. 

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Control 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations of any control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a
company have been detected. 

14 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
 1. Legal Proceedings. 

There are no legal proceedings as defined by Item
103 of Regulation S-K, to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, other than ordinary routine litigation
incidental to the Company s business. 

There are no proceedings in which any of the directors,
officers or affiliates of the Company, or any registered or beneficial holder of more than 5 of the Company s voting securities,
is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to that of the Company. 

Item
 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

None. 

Item
 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information. 

. 

Item
 6. Exhibits. 

See the Exhibit Index following the signature
page to this Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

15 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 Unite Acquisition 3 Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Nathan P. Pereira 

Nathan P. Pereira 

Chief Executive Officer, President, 

Chief Financial Officer 

Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

16 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form 10 of the Company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2023). 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form 10 of the Company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2023). 

10.1 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated October 28, 2024, issued by the Company to Lucius Partners Opportunity Fund, LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

17 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea022097001ex10-1_uniteacq3.htm
 UNSECURED PROMISSORY NOTE DATED OCTOBER 28, 2024, ISSUED BY THE COMPANY TO LUCIUS PARTNERS OPPORTUNITY FUND, LLP

Exhibit 10.1 

Unsecured Promissory Note 

New York, New York 

275,000.00 October 28, 2024 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Unite
Acquisition 3 Corp. having an address and principal place of business at 1 Wolfs Lane Suite 315 Pelham, New York, 10803 (the Borrower ),
 promises to pay to the order of Lucius Partners Opportunity Fund, LP having an address of 575 5 th Avenue 14 th 
Floor, New York, New York, 10017 (the Lender ), the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED SEVENTY FIVE THOUSAND AND 00/100
DOLLARS 275,000.00), plus interest, payable at the rate and in the manner provided in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Note, together
with all taxes assessed upon said sum against the holder hereof, and any costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred
in the collection of this Note. Said amounts of principal, interest, fees, costs and expenses are collectively referred to in this Note
as the Entire Note Balance . 

1. INTEREST RATE. The interest rate is Twelve (12 percent per annum. 

2. PAYMENTS. The Entire Note Balance, if not sooner paid, shall be paid in full on the Maturity Date. 

3. MATURITY. This Note shall mature on October 28, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). 

4. PREPAYMENT. 

(a) The Borrower may prepay this Note in whole or in part at any time. 

(b) All amounts received by the Lender in connection with any prepayment of the Loan, in whole or in part, shall be applied in the following
order: 

(i) any accrued and unpaid interest; and 

(ii) unpaid principal of this Note. 

(c) Borrower may repay this Note at any time without penalty. 

5. APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, payments will be applied first to fully pay costs
and expenses incurred by holder in collecting this Note or in sustaining and/or enforcing any security granted to secure this Note, then
to fully pay accrued interest and the remainder will be applied to principal. 

6. DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined), the Entire Note Balance shall, at the option
of the holder hereof, become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. An Event of Default is defined as
default in the payment of any principal or other amounts due upon the Maturity Date. 

7. PREJUDGMENT REMEDY WAIVER. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES AND REPRESENTS THAT THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE IS A COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION
AND THAT THE PROCEEDS OF THE LOAN SHALL NOT BE USED FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES. 

8. DELAY IN ENFORCEMENT. The liability of Borrower or any co-borrower, endorser or guarantor under this Note is unconditional
and shall not be affected by any extension of time, renewal, waiver or any other modification whatsoever, granted or consented to by the
holder. Any failure by the holder to exercise any right it may have under this Note is not a waiver of the holder s right to exercise
the same or any other right at any other time. 

9. CHANGES. No agreement by the Lender to change, waive or release the terms of this Note will be valid unless it is in writing
and signed by Borrower and the Lender. 

10. WAIVER, JURY TRIAL WAIVER. BORROWER, AND ALL PARTIES NOW OR HEREAFTER LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE, WHETHER AS BORROWER,
ENDORSER, OR SURETY, HEREBY JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY WAIVE PRESENTMENT FOR PAYMENT, DEMAND, NOTICE OF NONPAYMENT, NOTICE OF PROTEST, NOTICE
OF INTENT TO ACCELERATE, NOTICE OF ACCELERATION AND PROTEST OF THIS NOTE, AND ALL OTHER NOTICES IN CONNECTION WITH THE DELIVERY, ACCEPTANCE,
PERFORMANCE, DEFAULT OR ENFORCEMENT OF THE PAYMENT OF THIS NOTE. BORROWER WAIVES A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE
AND AS TO ANY ISSUES ARISING RELATING TO THIS NOTE. 

11. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE. 

(a) THIS NOTE WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT, AND DELIVERED BY BORROWER AND ACCEPTED BY LENDER IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND
THE PROCEEDS OF THE LOAN WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO
THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE
FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS NOTE AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE (WITHOUT REGARD
TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS) AND ANY APPLICABLE LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS NOTE
AND ALL OF THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER, AND UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY JURISDICTION
OTHER THAN THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT GOVERNS THIS NOTE, AND THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

2 

(b) BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS FOR HIMSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTIES, GENERALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY MATTER, CLAIM OR
DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. BORROWER FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS,
GENERALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY, AT THE ADDRESSES SET FORTH IN THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF THIS DOCUMENT IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
OF THE AFORESAID PROCEEDINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES APPLICABLE TO SUCH PROCEEDINGS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW HAVE OR HAVE IN THE FUTURE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN RESPECT OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID
PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO ABOVE AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING
BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF LENDER TO SERVE PROCESS
IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST BORROWER IN ANY JURISDICTION. 

12. INVALIDITY. If any provision of this Note or the application of any provision to any person or circumstance shall be invalid
or unenforceable, neither the balance of this Note nor the application of the provision to other persons or circumstances shall be affected. 

13. COUNTERPARTS; INTEGRATION; EFFECTIVENESS .
This Note, and any amendments, waivers, consents, or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute
an original, but all taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Note constitutes the entire contract between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Note by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Note. 

14. BINDING EFFECT. The provisions of this Note are binding on the heirs, executors, administrators, assigns and successors of
the Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the Lender, its successors and assigns and to subsequent holders of this Note. 

15. INTERPRETATION. Captions and headings used in this Note are for convenience only. The term Borrower and
any pronoun referring thereto as used herein shall be construed in the masculine, feminine or neuter as the context may require. The singular
includes the plural and the plural includes the singular. Any means any and all. 

Signature Page follows 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Borrower has hereunto caused this Note to be executed the day, month and year first written above. 

Unite Acquisition 3 Corp. 

By: 

Nathan P. Pereira, Director 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea022097001ex31-1_uniteacq3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Nathan P. Pereira, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unite Acquisition 3 Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Nathan P. Pereira 

Nathan P. Pereira 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022097001ex32-1_uniteacq3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the quarterly report of Unite
Acquisition 3 Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Nathan P. Pereira, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)
and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely
for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Nathan P. Pereira 

Nathan P. Pereira 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 uniteacq3-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 uniteacq3-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 uniteacq3-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 uniteacq3-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 uniteacq3-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

