<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241021_10-Q_edgar_data_1571283_0001571283-24-000056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11673490</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1828893</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4331832</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2687959</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2390449</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571283-24-000056.hdr.sgml : 20241021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241018215156
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571283-24-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241018

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				462024407
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36008
		FILM NUMBER:		241381830

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-966-1680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rexford Industrial, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571283-24-000056.txt : 20241021

10-Q
 1
 rexr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rexr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding at October 18, 2024 was . 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 3 0 , 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 10 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 3 . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 4 . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 75 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 76 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 76 
 Item 2 . 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 76 
 Item 3 . 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 76 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 76 
 Item 5 . 
 Other Information 
 76 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 77 
 Signatures 
 78 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Land Buildings and improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Total real estate held for investment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Loan receivable, net Rents and other receivables, net Deferred rent receivable, net Deferred leasing costs, net Deferred loan costs, net Acquired lease intangible assets, net Acquired indefinite-lived intangible asset 
 Interest rate swap assets 
 Other assets Acquisition related deposits Total Assets LIABILITIES EQUITY Liabilities Notes payable Interest rate swap liability Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Dividends and distributions payable Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net Tenant security deposits Tenant prepaid rents Total Liabilities Equity Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized: 
 series B cumulative redeemable preferred stock, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 liquidation preference) 
 series C cumulative redeemable preferred stock, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 liquidation preference) 
 Common Stock, par value per share, authorized and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUES Rental income Management and leasing services Interest income TOTAL REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Property expenses General and administrative Depreciation and amortization TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES OTHER EXPENSES Other expenses Interest expense TOTAL EXPENSES Gains on sale of real estate NET INCOME Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. Less: preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Less: earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - basic Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited and in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: cash flow hedge adjustments 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Number of Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock ) Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share data) 
 Preferred Stock Number of Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock ) Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Preferred stock dividends per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Number of Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Unaudited and in thousands except share data) 

Preferred Stock Number of Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common stock 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends per series B preferred share and per series C preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred unit distributions ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) ) Common unit distributions ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited and in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of net (below) above market lease intangibles and other deferred rent on certain other below-market leases 
 ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of discount (premium) on notes payable, net Impairment of right-of-use asset Accretion of net loan origination fees and costs 
 ) Gains on sale of real estate ) ) Equity based compensation expense Straight-line rent ) ) Payments for termination/settlement of interest rate derivatives ) Amortization related to termination/settlement of interest rate derivatives Change in working capital components: Rents and other receivables ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Tenant security deposits ) Tenant prepaid rents 
 ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of investments in real estate ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Return of (payments for) deposits on real estate acquisitions, net 
 Proceeds from sale of real estate Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from borrowings Repayment of borrowings ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Distributions paid to common unitholders ) ) Distributions paid to preferred unitholders ) ) Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of capitalized interest of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Supplemental disclosure of noncash transactions: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Accrual for capital expenditures Accrual of dividends and distributions The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

REXFORD INDUSTRIAL REALTY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 properties with approximately million rentable square feet. 
 The terms us, we, our, and the Company as used in these financial statements refer to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and, unless the context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries (including our Operating Partnership). 
 
 2. 
 
 11 

to and exit capitalization rates ranging from to . 
 In determining the fair value of intangible lease assets or liabilities, we also consider Level 3 inputs. Acquired above- and below-market leases are valued based on the present value of the difference between prevailing market rental rates and the in-place rental rates measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases determined to be reasonably certain of exercise, if applicable. The estimated fair value of acquired in-place at-market tenant leases are the estimated costs that would have been incurred to lease the property to the occupancy level of the property at the date of acquisition. We consider estimated costs such as the value associated with leasing commissions, legal and other costs, as well as the estimated period of time necessary to lease such a property to its occupancy level at the time of its acquisition. In determining the fair value of acquisitions completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used an estimated average lease-up period ranging from months to months. 
 From time to time, we may engage in a sale-leaseback transaction whereby we execute a lease with the seller/tenant simultaneously with the acquisition of a property. Sale-leaseback transactions entered into at off-market terms are adjusted so that the transaction is recorded at fair value. If the purchase price is less than the fair value of the acquired property, or the present value of contractual leaseback payments is less than the present value of market rental payments, the difference is recognized as Tenant prepaid rent in the consolidated balance sheets and is recognized as rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 The difference between the fair value and the face value of debt assumed, if any, in connection with an acquisition is recorded as a premium or discount and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt assumed. The valuation of assumed liabilities is based on our estimate of the current market rates for similar liabilities in effect at the acquisition date. 
 Demolition costs incurred in conjunction with the acquisition of real estate are capitalized as part of the cost of the acquisition if the demolition (i) is contemplated as part of the acquisition and (ii) occurs within a reasonable period of time after the acquisition. If demolition was not contemplated as part of the acquisition or the demolition does not occur within a reasonable period of time after the acquisition, the costs of the demolition are expensed as incurred. 
 12 

million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We capitalized real estate taxes and insurance costs aggregating million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We capitalized compensation costs for employees who provide construction services of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Real estate, including land, building and land improvements, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment and intangible lease assets and liabilities are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, unless circumstances indicate that the cost cannot be recovered, in which case, the carrying value of the property is reduced to estimated fair value as discussed below in our policy with regard to impairment of long-lived assets. We estimate the depreciable portion of our real estate assets and related useful lives in order to record depreciation expense. 
 The values allocated to buildings, site improvements, in-place lease intangibles and tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis using an estimated useful life that typically ranges from - years for buildings, - years for site improvements, and the shorter of the estimated useful life or respective lease term for in-place lease intangibles and tenant improvements. 
 As discussed above in Investments in Real Estate Acquisitions , in connection with property acquisitions, we may acquire leases with rental rates above or below the market rental rates. Such differences are recorded as an acquired lease intangible asset or liability and amortized to rental income over the remaining term of the related leases. 
 Our estimate of the useful life of our assets is evaluated upon acquisition and when circumstances indicate that a change in the useful life has occurred, which requires significant judgment regarding the economic obsolescence of tangible and intangible assets. 
 13 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were impairment charges recorded to the carrying value of our properties. 
 In connection with the early termination of a sublease for one of our office space leases in February 2023, we recorded a million impairment charge during the first quarter of 2023 to reduce the carrying value of the related ROU asset. No such impairment charge was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment charge is presented in Other expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Accounting for Leases 
 14 

of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet the various other requirements imposed by the Code relating to matters such as operating results, asset holdings, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we are generally not subject to corporate-level income tax on the earnings distributed currently to our stockholders that we derive from our activities. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and were unable to avail ourselves of certain savings provisions set forth in the Code, all of our taxable income would be subject to regular federal corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax on our taxable income. 
 We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a Subsidiary REIT ). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular federal corporate income tax, (ii) shares in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be qualifying assets for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 We are subject to taxation by various state and local jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business or reside. Other than our Subsidiary REIT (a private REIT acquired on July 18, 2022), our non-taxable subsidiaries, including our Operating Partnership, are either partnerships or disregarded entities for federal income tax purposes. Under applicable federal and state income tax rules, the allocated share of net income or loss from disregarded entities and flow-through entities such as partnerships is reportable in the income tax returns of the respective equity holders. Our taxable REIT subsidiary is a C-corporation subject to federal and state income tax. However, it has a cumulative unrecognized net operating loss carryforward. Accordingly, income tax provision is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 We periodically evaluate our tax positions to determine whether it is more likely than not that such positions would be sustained upon examination by a tax authority for all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, based on their technical merits. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, we have not established a liability for uncertain tax positions. 
 15 

16 

As a result of our quarterly collectability assessments, we recognized million and million as a net reduction adjustment to rental income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million as a net reduction adjustment to rental income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 17 

18 

3. 
 Blackstone Industrial Assets (2) 
 Various 4422 Airport Drive San Bernardino - Inland Empire West 1901 Rosslynn Avenue Orange County - North 16203-16233 Arrow Highway Los Angeles - San Gabriel Valley 950 West 190th Street Los Angeles - South Bay 12900 Alondra Boulevard Los Angeles - Mid-Counties Total 2024 Property Acquisitions 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual purchase price before certain credits, prorations, closing costs and other acquisition-related costs. Total capitalized closing costs and acquisition related costs, net of certain credits, not included in the gross contractual purchase price in the above table is approximately million. Each acquisition was funded with available cash on hand unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) Represents the acquisition of properties pursuant to three separate transactions with three Blackstone Real Estate entities. 
 19 

Buildings and improvements Tenant improvements Acquired lease intangible assets (1) 
 Other acquired assets (2) 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: Acquired lease intangible liabilities (3) 
 Other assumed liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 (1) Acquired lease intangible assets is comprised of (i) million of in-place lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years and (ii) million of above-market lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 (2) Includes other working capital assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the time of acquisition, including prorations. 
 (3) Represents below-market lease intangibles with a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 Dispositions 
 6423-6431 6407-6119 Alondra Boulevard Los Angeles - South Bay 15401 Figueroa Street Los Angeles - South Bay 8210 Haskell Avenue Los Angeles - San Fernando Valley 2553 Garfield Avenue Los Angeles - Central Total 
 (1) Represents the gross contractual sales price before commissions, prorations, credits and other closing costs. 
 20 

4. 
 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) In-place lease intangibles, net Above-market tenant leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Above-market tenant leases, net Below-market ground lease Accumulated amortization ) ) Below-market ground lease, net Acquired lease intangible assets, net Acquired Lease Intangible Liabilities: Below-market tenant leases ) ) Accumulated amortization 
 Below-market tenant leases, net ) ) Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net ) ) 
 
 Net below-market tenant leases (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Below-market ground leases (3) 
 
 (1) The amortization of in-place lease intangibles is recorded to depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 (2) The amortization of net below-market tenant leases is recorded as an increase to rental income in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 (3) The amortization of net below-market ground lease is recorded as an increase to property expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 21 

5. 
 
 million loan to the seller that is securitized by an adjacent -acre industrial development site as well as two escrow reserve accounts that were funded with loan proceeds at closing (the loan collateral ). At issuance, the loan receivable had a loan to value ratio of less than based on the estimated fair value of the loan collateral. The loan bears interest at per annum, requires monthly interest-only payments with a balloon payment at maturity, and has an effective interest rate of including loan origination costs and fees. The loan has a maturity date of October 26, 2028, with extension available at the borrower s option, subject to certain conditions plus the payment of a extension fee. The loan allows for prepayment, in part or whole, with penalties ranging from to of the amount prepaid, depending on the timing of the prepayment. The loan also includes a right of first offer for us to acquire the underlying industrial development site in the future. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the loan receivable was million, which reflects million of unamortized origination fees/costs. As of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the loan receivable was million, which reflects million of unamortized origination fees/costs. Based on our current assessment of the credit loss evaluation criteria, we determined that the allowance for potential credit losses on our loan receivable is immaterial as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 22 

6. 
 
 S+ (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 400M Term Loan S+ (2) 
 (5) 
 (4) 
 100M Senior Notes n/a 
 575M Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 
 n/a 300M Term Loan S+ (2) 
 (6) 
 125M Senior Notes n/a 300M Senior Notes due 2028 n/a 575M Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 
 n/a 25M Series 2019A Senior Notes n/a 400M Senior Notes due 2030 n/a 400M Senior Notes due 2031 n/a 75M Series 2019B Senior Notes n/a Total Unsecured Debt Secured Debt: 
 
 7612-7642 Woodwind Drive 
 n/a 11600 Los Nietos Road 
 n/a 60M Term Loan (7) 
 S+ (7) 
 (7) 
 5160 Richton Street (8) 
 n/a 22895 Eastpark Drive (8) 
 n/a 701-751 Kingshill Place (8) 
 n/a 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard (8) 
 n/a 2205 126th Street (9) 
 n/a 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue (9) 
 n/a 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard (8) 
 n/a Gilbert/La Palma (8) 
 n/a 7817 Woodley Avenue (8) 
 n/a Total Secured Debt Total Unsecured and Secured Debt Less: Unamortized premium/discount and debt issuance costs (10) 
 ) ) Total 

(1) Reflects the contractual interest rate under the terms of each loan as of September 30, 2024, and includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of September 30, 2024. The interest rate is not adjusted to include the amortization of debt issuance costs or unamortized fair market value premiums and discounts. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, the interest rates on these loans are comprised of daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for both the unsecured revolving credit facility and million unsecured term loan, and 1-month term SOFR Term SOFR for the million unsecured term loan (in each case increased by a SOFR adjustment), plus an applicable margin of per annum for the unsecured revolving credit facility and per annum for the million and million unsecured term loans, and a sustainability-related rate adjustment of zero. These loans are also subject to a SOFR floor. 
 23 

per annum with a sustainability-related rate adjustment of zero. 
 (4) The unsecured revolving credit facility has extensions and the million unsecured term loan has extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. On July 12, 2024, we exercised the first of the extension options to extend the maturity date of the million unsecured term loan by to July 18, 2025. 
 (5) Daily SOFR for our million unsecured term loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of after adding the SOFR adjustment, applicable margin and sustainability-related rate adjustment. 
 (6) Term SOFR for our million unsecured term loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of after adding the SOFR adjustment, applicable margin and sustainability-related rate adjustment. 
 (7) The loan is secured by properties and has extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. Loan has interest-only payment terms bearing interest at Term SOFR increased by a SOFR adjustment plus an applicable margin of per annum. Term SOFR for this loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of after adding the SOFR adjustment and applicable margin. On September 26, 2024, we exercised the first of the extension options to extend the maturity date of this loan by to October 27, 2025. 
 (8) Fixed monthly payments of interest and principal until maturity as follows: 5160 Richton Street ), 22895 Eastpark Drive ), 701-751 Kingshill Place ), 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard ), 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard ), Gilbert/La Palma and 7817 Woodley Avenue ). 
 (9) Fixed monthly payments of interest only. 
 (10) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs related to our unsecured revolving credit facility, which are presented in the line item Deferred loan costs, net in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Contractual Debt Maturities 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 24 

million in aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Exchangeable Notes and million in aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the 2029 Exchangeable Notes and together with the 2027 Exchangeable Notes, the Exchangeable Notes ). The net proceeds from the issuance, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts, underwriting commissions and other offering expenses, were approximately million for the 2027 Exchangeable Notes and million for the 2029 Exchangeable Notes. As of September 30, 2024, the net carrying amount of the 2027 Exchangeable Notes was million, with unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of million, and the net carrying amount of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes was million, with unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of million. 
 Interest on the Exchangeable Notes is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year beginning on September 15, 2024. The 2027 Exchangeable Notes will mature on and the 2029 Exchangeable Notes will mature on , in each case unless earlier repurchased, exchanged or (in the case of 2029 Exchangeable Notes) redeemed. We recognized total interest expense on the Exchangeable Notes of approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, with coupon interest of million and million, and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of million and million, respectively. 
 Before December 15, 2026 (in the case of the 2027 Exchangeable Notes) or December 15, 2028 (in the case of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes), noteholders will have the right to exchange their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after December 15, 2026 (in the case of the 2027 Exchangeable Notes) or December 15, 2028 (in the case of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes), noteholders may exchange their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date of the applicable series of Exchangeable Notes. Exchanges will be settled by delivering cash up to the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes exchanged, and in respect of the remainder of the exchanged value, if any, in excess thereof, in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our option. The initial exchange rate is shares of our common stock per principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes, which represents an initial exchange price of approximately per share of our common stock. The initial exchange price represents a premium of approximately over the last reported sale price of per share of our common stock on March 26, 2024. 
 We may not redeem the 2027 Exchangeable Notes at our option prior to their maturity. The 2029 Exchangeable Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations), for cash at our option at any time, and from time to time, on or after May 20, 2027 and on or before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes, but only if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the exchange price of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes for a specified period of time and certain other conditions are satisfied. The redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 If a fundamental change (e.g. change in control, delisting of our common stock or shareholders approval of liquidation or dissolution plan) occurs, then, subject to limited exception, noteholders may require us to repurchase their notes for cash at a repurchase price equal to the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if a specific make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date or if we issue a notice of redemption with respect to the 2029 Exchangeable Notes, the exchange rate will be increased, in certain circumstances by pre-defined amounts. 
 In connection with the offering for each series of Exchangeable Notes, we entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we agreed to register the resale of the shares of our common stock, if any, deliverable upon exchange of the Exchangeable Notes. If certain conditions relating to our obligations under the registration rights agreement are not satisfied, then we will pay additional interest on the applicable series of Exchangeable Notes, in certain circumstances, at a rate per annum not exceeding . In addition, if those conditions are not satisfied after the regular record date immediately preceding the maturity date of Exchangeable Notes, then we will pay an additional interest payment at maturity for an amount equal to of principal for the applicable series of Exchangeable Notes. We account for such additional interest amounts as contingent obligations in accordance with ASC Subtopic 825-20: Financial Instrument - Registration Payment Arrangements, which are measured separately in accordance with ASC Subtopic 450-20: Loss Contingencies . Because payment of such additional interest amounts was not probable as of September 30, 2024, we have not recognized a liability as of September 30, 2024. 
 Credit Agreement 
 As of September 30, 2024, under the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), we have a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver ), which also allows us to issue letters of credit up to an aggregate amount not to exceed million, a million unsecured term loan facility (the Million Term Loan and a million unsecured term loan facility (the Million Term Loan and together with the Million Term Loan, the Term Facility ). Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, we may request additional 
 25 

million, which may be comprised of additional revolving commitments under the Revolver, an increase to the Term Facility, additional term loan tranches or any combination of the foregoing. 
 The Revolver is scheduled to mature on May 26, 2026 and has extension options available. The Million Term Loan was scheduled to mature on July 19, 2024 and has extension options available. On July 12, 2024, we exercised the first extension option of the Million Term Loan, extending its maturity date by to July 18, 2025. The Million Term Loan matures on May 26, 2027. 
 Interest on the Credit Agreement is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either (i) Term SOFR plus the applicable margin; (ii) daily SOFR plus the applicable margin or (iii) the applicable base rate (which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the administrative agent s prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus , and (d) one percent plus the applicable margin. Additionally, Term SOFR and daily SOFR will be increased by a SOFR adjustment. The applicable margin for the Term Facility ranges from to per annum for SOFR-based loans and to per annum for base rate loans, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade ratings. The applicable margin for the Revolver ranges from to per annum for SOFR-based loans and letters of credit and to per annum for base rate loans, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade ratings. In addition to the interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Revolver, we are required to pay an applicable credit facility fee, on each lender's commitment amount under the Revolver, regardless of usage. The applicable credit facility fee ranges from to per annum, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade rating. 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement also features a sustainability-linked pricing component that can periodically adjust the applicable margin by - , or and adjust the applicable credit facility fee by - , or , depending on our achievement of the annual sustainability performance metric. In June 2024, after certifying that our sustainability performance was achieved at the target level for 2023, the sustainability-linked pricing adjustment changed from - to for the applicable margin and changed from - to for the applicable credit facility fee. 
 The Revolver and the Term Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Amounts borrowed under the Term Facility and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary events of default including defaults in the payment of principal, interest or fees, defaults in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement and other loan documentation, cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, and bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did have any borrowings outstanding under the Revolver and had million outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity, leaving million available for future borrowings. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement, million term loan facility Million Term Loan ), million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the Million Notes ), million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the Million Notes and million unsecured guaranteed senior notes and million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (together the Series 2019A and 2019B Notes all include a series of financial and other covenants that we must comply with, including the following covenants which are tested on a quarterly basis: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Credit Agreement and Million Term Loan, maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Million Notes, Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes (together the Senior Notes ), maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total secured recourse debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a minimum tangible net worth of at least the sum of (i) , and (ii) an amount equal to at least of the net equity proceeds received by the Company after September 30, 2016; 
 Maintaining a ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to fixed charges of at least to 1.0; 
 26 

; and 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of unencumbered NOI (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to unsecured interest expense of at least to 1.00. 
 The million of Senior Notes due 2028, million of Senior Notes due 2030 and million of Senior Notes due 2031 (together the Registered Notes contain the following covenants (as defined in the indentures) that we must comply with: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than ; 
 Maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than ; 
 Maintaining a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least to 1.0; and 
 Maintaining a ratio of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt of at least to 1.0. 
 Subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, Million Term Loan, Senior Notes and Registered Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal or interest, (ii) a default in the payment of certain of our other indebtedness and (iii) a default in compliance with the covenants set forth in the debt agreement, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt may be declared immediately due and payable at the option of the administrative agent, lenders, trustee and/or noteholders, as applicable, and in the event of bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt will become immediately due and payable. In addition, we are required to maintain at all times a credit rating on the Senior Notes from either Standard and Poor s Ratings Services S P), Moody s Investors Services Moody s or Fitch Ratings. Our credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, were BBB+ from S P, BBB+ from Fitch Ratings and Baa2 from Moody s. 

7. 
 million and million of rental income related to operating lease payments, of which million and million are for fixed lease payments and million and million are for variable lease payments, respectively. For the comparable three and nine month-period ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million of rental income related to operating lease payments, of which million and million were for fixed lease payments and million and million were for variable lease payments, respectively. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 The future minimum base rents in the table above excludes tenant reimbursements of operating expenses, amortization of adjustments for deferred rent receivables and the amortization of above/below-market lease intangibles. 
 27 

to with options to renew for an additional term of three to each. As of September 30, 2024, we also have a ground lease which we assumed in the acquisition of 2970 East 50th Street in March 2022 that has a current remaining lease term of approximately years and additional options to renew. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 (1) Amounts are included in General and administrative and Property expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Other Information (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in connection with the remeasurement of the lease liability 
 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term (1) 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate (2) 
 
 (1) Includes the impact of extension options that we are reasonably certain to exercise. 
 (2) Because the rate implicit in each of our leases was not readily determinable, we used our incremental borrowing rate. In determining our incremental borrowing rate for each lease, we considered recent rates on secured borrowings, observable risk-free interest rates and credit spreads correlating to our creditworthiness, the impact of collateralization and the term of each of our lease agreements. 
 
 28 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 29 

8. 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 ) 
 (1) The fair value of derivative assets is included in the line item Interest rate swap asset in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the fair value of (derivative liabilities) is included in the line item Interest rate swap liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our interest rate swaps and treasury rate lock agreements are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The change in fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is initially recorded in AOCI and is subsequently reclassified from AOCI into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings.) Amount of gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings under Interest expense (1) 
 Total interest expense presented in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded (line item Interest expense 
 (1) Includes losses that have been reclassified from AOCI into interest expense related to (i) the treasury rate lock agreements that were settled in August 2021 and March 2023 and for which amounts will continue to be reclassified over the and terms of the hedged transactions, and (ii) the interest rate swap that was terminated in May 2022 and for which amounts will continue to be reclassified into interest expense through its original maturity date (November 2024). 
 As of September 30, 2024, we estimate that approximately million of net unrealized gains will be reclassified from AOCI into earnings as a net decrease to interest expense over the next 12 months. 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 Certain of our agreements with our derivative counterparties contain a provision where if we default on any of our indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender within a specified time period, then we could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 Certain of our agreements with our derivative counterparties contain provisions where if a merger or acquisition occurs that materially changes our creditworthiness in an adverse manner, we may be required to fully collateralize our obligations under the derivative instrument. 
 30 

9. 
 
 Interest rate swap liability 
 ) ) December 31, 2023 Interest rate swap asset 
 Interest rate swap liability 

31 

December 31, 2023 Notes Payable at: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 
 10. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in management and leasing services revenue. 
 
 11. 
 32 

million for tenant improvement and construction work under the terms of leases with certain of our tenants and contractual agreements with our construction vendors. 
 Letters of Credit Related to Captive Insurance Subsidiary 
 We have the right to issue letters of credit under the Revolver up to an aggregate amount not to exceed million, which reduces the credit availability under the Revolver. As of September 30, 2024, we had a million letter of credit outstanding, which was originally issued on May 31, 2024, to capitalize a new wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary through which we indirectly manage a portion of our earthquake insurance. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 We have deposited cash with financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to per institution. Although from time to time we have deposits at institutions in excess of federally insured limits, we do not believe we are exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position and high credit quality of the institutions in which those deposits are held. 
 Concentration of Properties in Southern California 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of our properties are located in the Southern California infill markets. The ability of the tenants to honor the terms of their respective leases is dependent upon the economic, regulatory and social factors affecting the markets in which the tenants operate and other conditions. 
 Tenant Concentration 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, single tenant accounted for more than of our total consolidated rental income. 
 
 12. 
 Series C September 20, 2024 Total Preferred Shares 
 Common Stock 
 ATM Program 
 On February 17, 2023, we established an at-the-market equity offering program ATM program pursuant to which we are able to sell from time to time shares of our common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to billion (the 2023 ATM Program ). The 2023 ATM Program replaced our previous billion ATM program, which was established on May 27, 2022. 
 33 

shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately million of common stock remains available to be sold under the 2023 ATM Program. Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. 
 Settlement of May 2023 Forward Equity Offering 
 In May 2023, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers in connection with an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock at an initial forward price of per share (the May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in the offering. In 2023, we partially settled the May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock, leaving a remaining shares of common stock for settlement as of December 31, 2023. 
 In January 2024 we settled the outstanding May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. 
 March 2024 Forward Equity Offering 
 In March 2024, we entered into a forward equity sale agreement with a financial institution acting as forward purchaser in connection with an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock (the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement ), pursuant to which, the forward purchaser borrowed and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchaser at the time of the offering. The net forward sale price that we will receive upon physical settlement of the agreements, which was initially per share, will be subject to adjustment for (i) a floating interest rate factor equal to a specified daily rate less a spread, (ii) the forward purchaser s stock borrowing costs and (iii) scheduled dividends during the term of the forward sale agreement. 
 In July 2024, we partially settled the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement by issuing shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. As of September 30, 2024, we had shares of common stock, or approximately million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement to occur prior to the scheduled maturity date of March 27, 2025, based on a forward price of . See Note 15 Subsequent Events for details related to the partial settlement of the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 34 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Less: other comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income - ending balance 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests relate to interests in the Operating Partnership, represented by common units of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership OP Units ), fully-vested LTIP units, fully-vested performance units, our three series of preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (comprised of , and cumulative redeemable convertible preferred units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (the CPOP Units )), and the preferred units of the private REIT that we acquired on July 18, 2022, that are not owned by us. 
 Series 1 CPOP Units 
 On April 10, 2024, we exercised our right to convert all Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units (the Series 1 CPOP Units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership into OP Units. In connection with the conversion of the Series 1 CPOP Units, we paid the holder a prorated cash distribution of thousand for the period from April 1, 2024 through April 9, 2024. 
 Operating Partnership Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, noncontrolling interests included OP Units, fully-vested LTIP units and fully-vested performance units, and represented approximately of our Operating Partnership (excluding CPOP Units). OP Units and shares of our common stock have essentially the same economic characteristics, as they share equally in the total net income or loss and distributions of our Operating Partnership. Investors who own OP Units have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem any or all of their units in our Operating Partnership for an amount of cash per unit equal to the then current market value of one share of common stock, or, at our election, shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. See Note 13 Incentive Award Plan for a description of LTIP units and Performance Units. 
 OP Units were converted into an equivalent number of shares of common stock, resulting in the reclassification of million of noncontrolling interest to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. s stockholders equity. 
 35 

13. 
 shares of common stock, LTIP Units, Performance Units and other stock based awards remain available for issuance under the Plan. Shares and units granted under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or units, or, if authorized by the board of directors, shares purchased in the open market. If an award under the Plan is forfeited, expires, or is settled for cash, any shares or units subject to such award will generally be available for future awards. 
 LTIP Units and Performance Units 
 LTIP Units and Performance Units are each a class of limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership. Initially, LTIP Units and Performance Units do not have full parity with OP Units with respect to liquidating distributions. However, upon the occurrence of certain events described in the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement, the LTIP Units and Performance Units can over time achieve full parity with the OP Units for all purposes. If such parity is reached, vested LTIP Units and vested Performance Units may be converted into an equal number of OP Units, and upon conversion, enjoy all rights of OP Units. Vested Performance Units and LTIP Units, whether vested or not, receive the same quarterly per-unit distributions as OP Units, which equal the per-share distributions on shares of our common stock. Performance Units that have not vested receive a quarterly per-unit distribution equal to of the distributions paid on OP Units. 
 Share-Based Award Activity 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested (1) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares of the Company s common stock were tendered in accordance with the terms of the Plan to satisfy minimum statutory tax withholding requirements associated with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock. 
 36 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 performance period for awards that were initially granted in December of 2021, November of 2022, and December of 2023, respectively. 
 Compensation Expense 
 
 Capitalized share-based compensation (2) 
 Total share-based compensation 
 (1) Amounts expensed are included in General and administrative and Property expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts capitalized relate to employees who provide construction services, and are included in Building and improvements in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested share-based awards was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of months. 
 37 

14. 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted Earnings per share Basic 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per share Diluted 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, whether paid or unpaid, are accounted for as participating securities. As such, unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP Units and unvested Performance Units are considered participating securities. Participating securities are included in the computation of basic EPS pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method determines EPS for each class of common stock and each participating security according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and their respective participation rights in undistributed earnings. Participating securities are also included in the computation of diluted EPS using the more dilutive of the two-class method or treasury stock method for unvested shares of restricted stock and LTIP Units, and by determining if certain market conditions have been met at the reporting date for unvested Performance Units. 
 The effect of including unvested shares of restricted stock and unvested LTIP Units using the treasury stock method was excluded from our calculation of weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Performance Units, which are subject to vesting based on the Company achieving certain TSR levels and FFO per share growth over a performance period, are included as contingently issuable shares in the calculation of diluted EPS when TSR and/or FFO per share growth has been achieved at or above the threshold levels specified in the award agreements, assuming the reporting period is the end of the performance period, and the effect is dilutive. 
 Shares issuable under forward equity sale agreements during the period prior to settlement are reflected in our calculation of weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted using the treasury stock method as the impact was dilutive for the periods presented above. 
 We also consider the effect of other potentially dilutive securities, including the CPOP Units and OP Units, which may be redeemed for shares of our common stock under certain circumstances, and include them in our computation of diluted EPS under the if-converted method when their inclusion is dilutive. These units were not dilutive for the periods presented above. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Exchangeable Notes were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 38 

15. 
 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of million, based on a weighted average forward price of per share at settlement. After this settlement, there are shares of common stock, or million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement prior to the scheduled maturity date of March 27, 2025. 
 Dividends and Distributions Declared 
 OP Units Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 
 Acquisitions 
 On October 15, 2024, we acquired the property located at 13201 Dahlia Street in Fontana, California for a contract price of million. The property consists of single-tenant building with rentable square feet. 
 39 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto that appear in Part I, Item 1 Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The terms Company, we, us, and our refer to Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries except where the context otherwise requires. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 We make statements in this quarterly report that are forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, may, might, plans, estimates, projects, seeks, should, will, result and variations of such words or similar expressions. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies or prospects will be attained or achieved and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and factors including, without limitation: 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 real estate risks, including fluctuations in real estate values and the general economic climate in local markets and competition for tenants in such markets; 
 decreased rental rates or increasing vacancy rates; 
 potential defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 potential bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or our borrower; 
 acquisition risks, including failure of such acquisitions to perform in accordance with expectations; 
 the timing of acquisitions and dispositions; 
 risks associated with redevelopment and repositioning activities, including the possibility that costs may exceed original estimates, the time to complete a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated or changes in entitlements or laws may impact or prevent execution of intended projects, including without limitation, newly enacted California Assembly Bill 98; 
 potential natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or floods; 
 the consequence of any future security alerts and/or terrorist attacks; 
 national, international, regional and local economic conditions, including impacts and uncertainty from trade disputes and tariffs on goods imported to the United States and goods exported to other countries; 
 the general level of interest rates; 
 potential impacts of inflation; 
 potential changes in the law or governmental regulations that affect us and interpretations of those laws and regulations, including changes in real estate and zoning or REIT tax laws, and potential increases in real property tax rates; 
 financing risks, including the risks that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and we may be unable to refinance our existing debt upon maturity or obtain new financing on attractive terms or at all; 
 lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 our failure to complete acquisitions; 
 our failure to successfully integrate acquired properties; 
 our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT; 
 our ability to maintain our current investment grade rating by Fitch Ratings Fitch ), Moody s Investors Services Moody s or from Standard and Poor s Ratings Services S P 
 litigation, including costs associated with prosecuting or defending pending or threatened claims and any adverse outcomes; 
 possible environmental liabilities, including costs, fines or penalties that may be incurred due to necessary remediation of contamination of properties presently owned or previously owned by us; 
 an epidemic or pandemic, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities may implement to address it, which may precipitate or exacerbate one or more of the above-mentioned factors and/or other risks, and significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business 
 40 

in the ordinary course for an extended period; and 
 other events outside of our control. 
 Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein (or elsewhere) to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should carefully review our financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Company Overview 
 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed full-service REIT focused on owning and operating industrial properties in Southern California infill markets. We were formed as a Maryland corporation on January 18, 2013, and Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner, was formed as a Maryland limited partnership on January 18, 2013. Through our controlling interest in our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, we acquire, own, improve, reposition, redevelop, lease and manage industrial real estate principally located in Southern California infill markets, and, from time to time, acquire or provide mortgage debt secured by industrial zoned property or property suitable for industrial development. We are organized and conduct our operations to qualify as a REIT under the Code and generally are not subject to federal taxes on our income to the extent we distribute our income to our shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 423 properties with approximately 50.1 million rentable square feet. 
 Our goal is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders by providing superior access to industrial property investments in high-barrier Southern California infill markets. Periodically we also engage in mortgage debt investments secured by industrial zoned property or property suitable for industrial development within these markets. Our target markets provide us with opportunities to acquire both stabilized properties generating favorable cash flow, as well as properties or land parcels where we can enhance returns through value-add repositioning and redevelopments. Scarcity of available space and high barriers limiting new construction of for-lease product all contribute to create superior long-term supply/demand fundamentals within our target infill Southern California industrial property markets. With our vertically integrated operating platform and extensive value-add investment and management capabilities, we believe we are positioned to capitalize upon the opportunities in our markets to achieve our objectives. 
 2024 Year to Date Highlights 
 Financial and Operational Highlights 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders increased by 22.7 to 203.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year. 
 Core funds from operations (Core FFO) (1) attributable to common stockholders increased by 17.5 to 383.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year. 
 Net operating income (NOI) (1) increased by 17.8 to 528.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year. 
 Total portfolio occupancy at September 30, 2024 was 93.0 . 
 Same Property Portfolio (2) average occupancy for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 96.9 and ending occupancy at September 30, 2024 was 96.7 . 
 Executed a total of 351 new and renewal leases with a combined 7.1 million rentable square feet, with leasing spreads of 36.1 on a GAAP basis and 26.4 on a cash basis. Excluding one lease extension executed in the first quarter of 2024 on a 1.1 million rentable square foot lease, leasing spreads were 55.3 on a GAAP basis and 38.2 on a cash basis. 
 __________________________ 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: Funds From Operations and Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: NOI and Cash NOI included under Item 2 of this Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Core FFO and NOI from net income and a discussion of why we believe Core FFO and NOI are useful supplemental measures of operating performance. 
 (2) For a definition of Same Property Portfolio, see Results of Operations included under Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 
 41 

Acquisitions 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we completed 1.1 billion in total investments representing 49 properties with 3.2 million rentable square feet of buildings on 158 acres of land. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we completed 169.5 million in total investments representing three properties with 0.5 million rentable square feet of buildings on 23 acres of land. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we completed 60.5 million in total investments representing two properties with 0.3 million rentable square feet of buildings on 12 acres of land. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we acquired one property with 278,650 rentable square feet for 70.1 million. 
 Dispositions 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we sold four properties with a combined 144,678 rentable square feet for a total gross sale price of 37.0 million and recognized 16.3 million in gains on sale of real estate. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we sold one property with 25,615 rentable square feet for a sale price of 7.3 million and recognized 1.7 million in gains on sale of real estate. 
 Repositioning Redevelopment 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we stabilized two of our repositioning projects located at 9755 Distribution Avenue and 8902-8940 Activity Road, with two spaces totaling 38,021 square feet. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we stabilized two of our repositioning projects located at 444 Quay Avenue and 263-321 Gardena Boulevard, which have a combined 84,998 rentable square feet. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we rent commenced and stabilized three of our repositioning projects located at 20851 Currier Road, 17311 Nichols Lane and 12752-12822 Monarch, which have a combined 327,458 rentable square feet. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our repositioning projects located at 12907 Imperial Highway and 500 Dupont Avenue were 100 leased. These projects have a combined 375,965 rentable square feet and will stabilize in the fourth quarter of 2024 upon lease commencement. Excluding 500 Dupont Avenue, as of September 30, 2024, we had four additional repositioning properties and four redevelopment properties with a combined 860,814 rentable square feet in the lease-up stage. 
 Equity 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we issued 5,263,602 shares of common stock for total net proceeds of 290.2 million through the following equity transactions: 
 We settled the forward equity sale agreement that was outstanding as of December 31, 2023 under our 2023 at-the-market equity offering program by issuing 3,010,568 shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 164.5 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 54.65 per share at settlement. 
 We settled the remaining forward equity sale agreements related to our May 2023 underwritten public offering by issuing 2,253,034 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 125.7 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 55.79 per share at settlement. 
 In March 2024, we completed a public offering of 17,179,318 shares of common stock to an existing long-only investor based on the West Coast, subject to a forward equity sale agreement, at a price of 48.95 per share for a gross offering value of 840.9 million. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we partially settled the forward equity sale agreement related to our March 2024 underwritten public offering by issuing 1,650,916 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 80.0 million. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, through the date of this filing, we partially settled the forward equity sale agreement related to our March 2024 underwritten public offering by issuing 2,884,380 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 140.0 million. 
 As of the date of this filing, we had approximately 614.2 million of forward net proceeds remaining for settlement prior to March 27, 2025, based on a weighted average forward sale price of 48.58 per share. 
 42 

Financing 
 In March 2024, we completed the issuance of three-year 575.0 million exchangeable senior notes with a 4.375 coupon and a 30 conversion premium and five-year 575.0 million exchangeable senior notes with a 4.125 coupon and a 30 conversion premium. Net proceeds were approximately 1.126 billion after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
 
 Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 
 
 Market and Portfolio Fundamentals 
 Our operating results depend upon the infill Southern California industrial real estate market. 
 The infill Southern California industrial real estate sector continues to exhibit strong long-term fundamentals. These high-barrier infill markets are characterized by a relative scarcity of highly functional product, coupled with the limited ability to introduce new supply due to high land and redevelopment costs and a dearth of developable land in markets experiencing a net reduction in supply as, over time, more industrial property is converted to non-industrial uses than can be delivered. Furthermore, despite some recent moderation, tenant demand within our infill target markets continues to be healthy, illustrated by strong leasing fundamentals as well as the dynamic Southern California regional economy which continues to exhibit growth in consumer spending with approximately 26 billion of incremental spending forecasted for 2024, according to Oxford Economics. While we believe that our infill Southern California industrial property markets have demonstrated a relatively high degree of resiliency related to occupancy and rental rates in the context of key market drivers over the last several years, we expect some ongoing volatility within our markets through the near term, principally driven by general macroeconomic and political uncertainty including an uncertain interest rate environment and global geopolitical unrest. Market rent growth continues to normalize, with rents decreasing in the current quarter within our infill Southern California markets, after increasing by approximately 80 , on average, through the pandemic. Also, during the quarter, California Governor Gavin Newsom signed Assembly Bill 98 AB 98 ), which enacts statewide industrial development standards effective as of January 1, 2026. As is the case with local zoning requirements, the development standards of AB 98 will be considered in our investment decisions and construction projects. AB 98 s highest development standards focus on the development of larger buildings of 250,000 square feet or more where rezoning is required, and therefore we believe these new standards will have a minimal impact to our overall portfolio and business strategy given our primary focus on the repositioning and refurbishment of industrial buildings within the infill markets. 
 The quality and intensity of tenant demand through the third quarter of 2024 is demonstrated through the Company s strong leasing spreads, as well as its leasing volume and retention rate (see Leasing Activity and Rental Rates below). This tenant demand has been driven by a wide range of sectors, from consumer products, healthcare and medical products to aerospace, food and beverage, construction and logistics, among other sectors. We also continue to observe a notable volume of ecommerce-oriented tenants securing space within our infill property locations driven in part by delivery demand associated with last-mile distribution and local omnichannel retail fulfillment which are driving discernible shifts in inventory-handling strategies among retailers and distributors. Our portfolio, which we believe represents prime locations with superior functionality within the largest last-mile logistics distribution market in the nation, is well-positioned to continue to serve our existing diverse tenant base and attract incremental ecommerce-oriented and traditional distribution demand over the long-term. 
 General Market Conditions 
 We believe our portfolio s leasing performance during the third quarter of 2024 has generally outpaced that of the infill markets within which we operate. We believe this performance has been driven by our highly entrepreneurial business model focused on acquiring and improving industrial property in superior locations so that our portfolio reflects a higher level of quality and functionality, on average, as compared to typical available product within the markets within which we operate. We believe that our portfolio, with last-mile infill locations and a smaller average tenant size versus other non-infill competitors, is well positioned to serve regional consumption and less susceptible to changes in global trade flows. We also believe the quality and entrepreneurial approach demonstrated by our team of real estate professionals actively managing our properties and our tenants enables the potential to outcompete within our markets that we believe are generally otherwise owned by more passive, less-focused real estate owners. 
 The following general market conditions have been sourced from third-party market data and do not necessarily reflect the results of our portfolio. For our portfolio specific results see Rental Revenues and Results of Operations below. 
 43 

In Los Angeles County, vacancy increased quarter-over-quarter and average asking lease rates declined quarter-over-quarter. Occupancy generally remains at healthy levels and new development is limited by a lack of land availability and an increase in land and development costs. 
 In Orange County, average asking lease rates decreased quarter-over-quarter and vacancy increased quarter-over-quarter while still remaining at low vacancy levels. Market conditions are expected to be favorable over the long-term due to steady demand and the continued low availability of industrial product in this region. 
 In the Inland Empire West, which contains infill markets in which we operate, vacancy decreased quarter-over-quarter and average taking lease rates in the market decreased quarter-over-quarter. We generally do not focus on properties located within the non-infill Inland Empire East sub-market where available land and the development and construction pipeline for new supply is substantial. 
 In San Diego, vacancy increased quarter-over-quarter and average asking lease rates declined slightly quarter-over-quarter. 
 In Ventura County, vacancy increased quarter-over-quarter and average asking lease rates declined quarter-over-quarter. 
 
 Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties 
 The Company s growth strategy comprises acquiring leased, stabilized properties as well as properties with value-add opportunities to improve functionality and to deploy our value-driven asset management programs in order to increase cash flow and value. Additionally, from time to time, we may acquire industrial outdoor storage sites, land parcels or properties with excess land for ground-up redevelopment projects. Acquisitions may comprise single property investments as well as the purchase of portfolios of properties, with transaction values ranging from approximately 10 million single property investments to portfolios potentially valued in the billions of dollars. The Company s geographic focus remains infill Southern California. However, from time-to-time, portfolios could be acquired comprising a critical mass of infill Southern California industrial property that could include some assets located in markets outside of infill Southern California. In general, to the extent non-infill-Southern California assets were to be acquired as part of a larger portfolio, the Company may underwrite such investments with the potential to dispose such assets over a certain period of time in order to maximize its core focus on infill Southern California, while endeavoring to take appropriate steps to satisfy REIT safe harbor requirements to avoid prohibited transactions under REIT tax laws. Similarly, while our focus is owning and operating industrial properties in Southern California infill markets, occasionally an acquisition may include non-industrial properties, such as office and other uses, with the intent to reposition or redevelop the properties into industrial use or to dispose of the non-industrial assets in a manner intended to satisfy REIT safe harbor requirements to avoid prohibited transactions under REIT tax laws. 
 A key component of our growth strategy is to acquire properties through off-market and lightly marketed transactions that are often operating at below-market occupancy or below-market rent at the time of acquisition or that have near-term lease roll-over or that provide opportunities to add value through functional or physical repositioning and improvements. Through various repositioning, redevelopment, and professional leasing and marketing strategies, we seek to increase the properties functionality and attractiveness to prospective tenants and, over time, to stabilize the properties at occupancy rates that meet or exceed market rates. 
 A repositioning can provide a range of property improvements. This may include a complete structural renovation of a property whereby we convert large underutilized spaces into a series of smaller and more functional spaces, or it may include the creation of additional square footage, the modernization of the property site, the elimination of functional obsolescence, the addition or enhancement of loading areas and truck access, the enhancement of fire-life-safety systems or other accretive improvements, in each case designed to improve the cash flow and value of the property. 
 We have a number of significant repositioning properties, which are individually presented in the tables below. A repositioning property that is considered significant is typically defined as a property where a significant amount of space is held vacant in order to implement capital improvements, the cost to complete repositioning work and lease-up is estimated to be greater than 1 million and the repositioning and lease-up time frame is estimated to be greater than six months. We also have a range of other spaces in repositioning, that due to their smaller size, relative scope, projected repositioning costs or relatively nominal amount of down-time, are not presented below, however, in the aggregate, may be substantial (and which we refer to as other repositioning projects ). 
 44 

A repositioning is generally considered complete once the investment is fully or nearly fully deployed and the property is available for occupancy. Because each repositioning effort is unique and determined based on the property, targeted tenants and overall trends in the general market and specific submarket, the timing and effect of the repositioning on our rental revenue and occupancy levels will vary, and, as a result, will affect the comparison of our results of operations from period to period with limited predictability. 
 A redevelopment property is defined as a property where we plan to fully or partially demolish an existing building(s) due to building obsolescence and/or a property with excess or vacant land where we plan to construct a ground-up building. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 24 of our properties were under current repositioning or redevelopment and nine of our properties were in the lease-up stage. In addition, we have a pipeline of 15 additional properties for which we anticipate beginning repositioning/redevelopment construction work between the fourth quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2025. The tables below set forth a summary of these properties, as well as the properties that were most recently stabilized in 2023 and 2024, as the timing of these stabilizations have a direct impact on our current and comparative results of operations. We consider a repositioning/redevelopment property to be stabilized upon the earlier of (i) reaching 90 occupancy or (ii) one year from the date construction work is completed. 
 45 

Estimated Construction Period (1) 
 Property (Submarket) Market Total Property Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Repositioning/ Lease-up Rentable Square Feet (2) 
 Start Completion Total Property Leased at 9/30/2024 Current Repositioning: 14434-14527 San Pedro Street (South Bay) LA 61,398 61,398 (3) 
 3Q-2023 1Q-2025 29120 Commerce Center Drive (SF Valley) LA 135,258 135,258 3Q-2023 4Q-2025 100 (4) 
 12907 Imperial Highway (Mid-Counties) LA 101,080 101,080 1Q-2024 4Q-2024 100 (5) 
 East 27th Street (Central LA) LA 300,389 126,563 1Q-2024 4Q-2024 58 122-125 N. Vinedo Avenue (SF Valley) LA 48,446 48,446 1Q-2024 4Q-2024 17000 Kingsview Avenue (South Bay) LA 95,865 95,865 1Q-2024 2Q-2025 77 (6) 
 29125 Avenue Paine (SF Valley) LA 176,107 176,107 1Q-2024 3Q-2025 100 (7) 
 19301 Santa Fe Avenue (South Bay) LA LAND LAND 2Q-2024 1Q-2025 1315 Storm Parkway (South Bay) LA 37,844 37,844 2Q-2024 1Q-2025 Harcourt Susana (South Bay) LA 33,461 33,461 (8) 
 2Q-2024 3Q-2025 Total Current Repositioning 989,848 816,022 Lease-up (Repositioning): 500 Dupont Avenue (IE - West) SB 274,885 274,885 1Q-2023 1Q-2024 100 (9) 
 11308-11350 Penrose Street (SF Valley) LA 151,011 71,547 1Q-2023 1Q-2024 53 4039 Calle Platino (North County SD) SD 143,663 73,807 2Q-2023 1Q-2024 79 2880 Ana Street (South Bay) LA LAND LAND 3Q-2023 3Q-2024 1020 Bixby Drive (SG Valley) LA 57,600 57,600 1Q-2024 3Q-2024 Total Lease-up (Repositioning) 627,159 477,839 Future Repositioning: 8985 Crestmar Point (Central SD) SD 53,395 53,395 4Q-2024 2Q-2025 87 14955 Salt Lake Avenue (SG Valley) LA 126,036 45,930 4Q-2024 4Q-2025 100 Figueroa Rosecrans (South Bay) LA 56,700 56,700 (10) 
 1Q-2025 4Q-2025 9455 Cabot Drive (Central SD) SD 99,403 83,563 1Q-2025 4Q-2025 100 Total Future Repositioning 335,534 239,588 See footnotes starting on page 48 
 
 46 

Estimated Construction Period (1) 
 Property (Submarket) Market Estimated Redevelopment Rentable Square Feet (11) 
 Start Completion Total Property Leased at 9/30/2024 Current Redevelopment: 1055 Sandhill Avenue (South Bay) LA 127,775 3Q-2021 4Q-2024 9615 Norwalk Boulevard (Mid-Counties) LA 201,571 3Q-2021 2Q-2025 3233 Mission Oaks Blvd. (Ventura) (12) 
 VC 116,852 2Q-2022 4Q-2024 8888 Balboa Avenue (Central SD) SD 123,492 3Q-2022 4Q-2024 6027 Eastern Avenue (Central LA) LA 94,140 3Q-2022 1Q-2025 12118 Bloomfield Avenue (Mid-Counties) LA 107,045 4Q-2022 4Q-2024 4416 Azusa Canyon Road (SG Valley) LA 129,830 4Q-2022 1Q-2025 15010 Don Julian Road (SG Valley) LA 219,242 1Q-2023 4Q-2025 21515 Western Avenue (South Bay) LA 83,924 2Q-2023 1Q-2025 12772 San Fernando Road (SF Valley) LA 143,529 3Q-2023 4Q-2024 19900 Plummer Street (SF Valley) LA 79,539 3Q-2023 4Q-2024 17907-18001 Figueroa Street (South Bay) LA 76,468 (13) 
 4Q-2023 4Q-2024 Rancho Pacifica - Bldg 5 (South Bay) (14) 
 LA 76,553 4Q-2023 4Q-2024 1500 Raymond Avenue (North OC) OC 136,218 (15) 
 4Q-2023 1Q-2025 Total Current Redevelopment 1,716,178 Lease-up (Redevelopment): 9920-10020 Pioneer Blvd (Mid-Counties) LA 163,435 4Q-2021 3Q-2024 1901 Via Burton (North OC) OC 139,449 1Q-2022 2Q-2024 2390-2444 American Way (North OC) OC 100,483 4Q-2022 2Q-2024 3071 Coronado Street (North OC) OC 105,173 1Q-2023 1Q-2024 Total Lease-up (Redevelopment) 508,540 Future Redevelopment: 14940 Proctor Road (SG Valley) LA 159,532 4Q-2024 1Q-2026 11234 Rush Street (SG Valley) LA 103,108 4Q-2024 1Q-2027 7815 Van Nuys Blvd (SF Valley) LA 78,990 1Q-2025 2Q-2026 56 13711 Freeway Drive (Mid-Counties) LA 104,443 1Q-2025 2Q-2026 100 5235 Hunter Avenue (North OC) OC 117,772 1Q-2025 3Q-2026 100 3547-3555 Voyager Street (South Bay) LA 67,371 2Q-2025 4Q-2026 74 404-430 Berry Way (North OC) OC 147,500 3Q-2025 4Q-2026 16 600-708 Vermont Avenue (North OC) OC 263,800 3Q-2025 1Q-2027 100 9323 Balboa Avenue (Central SD) SD 163,400 3Q-2025 1Q-2027 100 14005 Live Oak Avenue (SG Valley) LA 100,380 3Q-2025 2Q-2027 100 18455 Figueroa Street (South Bay) LA 179,284 4Q-2025 2Q-2027 100 Total Future Redevelopment 1,485,580 See footnotes starting on page 48 

47 

Property Stabilized: (16) 
 Market Stabilized Rentable Square Feet Period Stabilized Total Property Leased at 9/30/2024 9755 Distribution Avenue (Central SD) SD 24,071 1Q-2024 100 8902-8940 Activity Road (Central SD) SD 13,950 1Q-2024 92 20851 Currier Road (SG Valley) (17) 
 LA 59,412 2Q-2024 100 444 Quay Avenue (South Bay) LA 29,760 2Q-2024 100 263-321 Gardena Blvd (South Bay) LA 55,238 2Q-2024 100 12752-12822 Monarch St. (West OC) (17)(18) 
 OC 163,864 2Q-2024 93 17311 Nichols Lane (OC West) OC 104,182 3Q-2024 100 Total 2024 Stabilized 450,477 12821 Knott Street (West OC) OC 165,171 2Q-2023 100 12133 Greenstone Avenue (Mid-Counties) LA LAND 2Q-2023 100 14100 Vine Place (Mid-Counties) LA 122,514 2Q-2023 100 15601 Avalon Boulevard (South Bay) LA 86,879 2Q-2023 100 19431 Santa Fe Avenue (South Bay) LA LAND 4Q-2023 100 2800 Casitas Avenue (SF Valley) LA 116,158 4Q-2023 100 Total 2023 Stabilized 490,722 
 
 (1) The estimated construction start period is the period we anticipate starting physical construction on a project. Prior to physical construction, we engage in pre-construction activities, which include design work, securing permits or entitlements, site work, and other necessary activities preceding construction. The estimated completion period is our current estimate of the period in which we will have substantially completed a project and the project is made available for occupancy. We expect to update our timing estimates on a quarterly basis. The estimated construction period is subject to change as a result of a number of factors including but not limited to permit requirements, delays in construction (including delays related to supply chain backlogs), changes in scope, and other unforeseen circumstances. 
 (2) Total Property Rentable Square Feet is the total rentable square footage of the entire property or particular building(s) (footnoted if applicable) under repositioning/lease-up. Repositioning/Lease-up Rentable Square Feet is the actual rentable square footage that is subject to repositioning at the property/buildings and may be less than Total Property Rentable Square Feet. 
 (3) 14434-14527 San Pedro Street is a low coverage site with 61,398 rentable square feet of buildings on 335,905 square feet, or 7.7 acres, of land. 
 (4) As of September 30, 2024, 29120 Commerce Center Drive has been leased on a short-term basis through June 30, 2025. We are currently performing repositioning work around the short-term tenant. 
 (5) As of September 30, 2024, 12907 Imperial Highway has been leased and the tenant has taken partial occupancy. The tenant is expected to take full occupancy in the fourth quarter of 2024 following completion of the repositioning. 
 (6) As of September 30, 2024, 17000 Kingsview Avenue has been partially leased on a short-term basis with the tenant now expected to vacate on December 31, 2024. We are currently performing repositioning work around the short-term tenant. 
 (7) As of September 30, 2024, 29125 Avenue Paine has been leased on a short-term basis through June 30, 2025. We are currently performing repositioning work around the short-term tenant. 
 (8) Harcourt Susana is a low coverage site with 33,461 rentable square feet of buildings on 239,364 square feet, or 5.5 acres, of land. 
 (9) As of September 30, 2024, 500 Dupont Avenue has been leased. The tenant is expected to take occupancy in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 (10) 14400 Figueroa Street will be a low coverage site with 56,700 rentable square feet of buildings on 209,668 square feet, or 4.8 acres, of land. 
 (11) Represents the estimated rentable square footage of the project upon completion of redevelopment. 
 48 

(12) As of September 30, 2024, 3233 Mission Oaks Boulevard comprises 409,217 rentable square feet that are currently occupied and not being redeveloped. We are constructing one new building comprising 116,852 rentable square feet. We are also performing site work across the entire project. At completion, the total project will contain 526,069 rentable square feet. 
 (13) 17907-18001 Figueroa Street will be a low coverage site with 76,468 rentable square feet of buildings on 221,055 square feet, or 5.1 acres, of land. 
 (14) Rancho Pacifica Building 5 is located at 2370-2398 Pacifica Place and comprises one building totaling 51,594 rentable square feet, out of six buildings at our Rancho Pacifica Park property, which has a total of 1,111,885 rentable square feet. We demolished the existing building and are constructing a new building comprising approximately 76,553 rentable square feet in its place. 
 (15) 1500 Raymond Avenue contains one acre of excess paved land. 
 (16) We consider a repositioning property to be stabilized upon the earlier of (i) reaching 90 occupancy or (ii) one year from the date construction work is completed. 
 (17) As of June 30, 2024, 20851 Currier Road and 12752-12822 Monarch Street reached one year from the date of completion of repositioning/redevelopment work. During the third quarter of 2024, these projects rent commenced and reached 100 and 93 occupancy, respectively. 
 (18) 12752-12822 Monarch Street comprises 275,189 rentable square feet. The project includes 111,325 rentable square feet with tenants in-place that were not redeveloped. We repositioned 65,968 rentable square feet, demolished 99,925 rentable square feet and constructed a new 97,896 rentable square foot building in its place. 
 
 Capitalized Costs 
 Properties that are nonoperational as a result of repositioning or redevelopment activity may qualify for varying levels of interest, insurance and real estate tax capitalization during the redevelopment and construction period. An increase in our repositioning and redevelopment activities resulting from value-add acquisitions could cause an increase in the asset balances qualifying for interest, insurance and tax capitalization in future periods. We capitalized 8.6 million and 23.9 million of interest expense and 2.1 million and 6.5 million of insurance and real estate tax expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to our repositioning and redevelopment projects. 
 Construction Costs and Timing 
 Recent inflationary and supply chain pressures have led to increased construction materials and labor costs, which when combined with longer lead times for governmental approvals and entitlements, have led to an overall increase in budgeted and actual construction costs as well as delays in starting and completing certain of our redevelopment projects. While rent growth (see Leasing Activity and Rental Rates below) over the last several years has helped to mitigate some of the impact of rising construction costs and project delays, additional increases in costs, further delays or declining market rents could result in a lower expected yield on our redevelopment projects, which could negatively impact our future earnings. 
 
 Rental Revenues 
 Our operating results depend primarily upon generating rental revenue from the properties in our portfolio. The amount of rental revenue generated by these properties is affected by our ability to maintain or increase occupancy levels and rental rates at our properties, which will depend upon our ability to lease vacant space and re-lease expiring space at favorable rates. 
 Occupancy Rates 
 As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated portfolio, inclusive of space in repositioning as described in the subsequent paragraph, was approximately 93.0 occupied, while our stabilized consolidated portfolio exclusive of such space was approximately 97.6 occupied. We believe the opportunity to increase occupancy at our properties will be an important driver of future revenue growth. An opportunity to drive this growth will derive from the completion and lease-up of repositioning and redevelopment projects that are currently under construction. 
 As summarized in the tables under Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties above, as of September 30, 2024, 24 of our properties with a combined 2.5 million of estimated rentable square feet at completion are under current repositioning or redevelopment, nine properties with a combined 1.0 million of rentable square feet are in lease-up, and we have a near-term pipeline of 15 repositioning and redevelopment projects with a combined 1.7 million of estimated rentable square feet at completion. Additionally, we have 0.5 million rentable square feet of other 
 49 

repositioning projects. Vacant space at these properties is concentrated in our Los Angeles, Orange County and San Bernardino markets and represents 4.7 of our total consolidated portfolio square footage as of September 30, 2024. Including vacant space at these properties, our weighted average occupancy rate as of September 30, 2024 in our Los Angeles, Orange County and San Bernardino markets was 93.6 , 90.6 and 93.9 , respectively. Excluding vacant space at these properties, our weighted average occupancy rate as of September 30, 2024, in these markets was 98.6 , 99.0 and 97.6 , respectively. We believe that an important portion of our long-term future growth will come from the completion of these projects currently under or scheduled for repositioning/redevelopment, as well as through the identification or acquisition of new opportunities for repositioning and redevelopment, whether in our existing portfolio or through new investments, which may vary from period to period subject to market conditions. 
 The occupancy rate of properties not undergoing repositioning is affected by regional and local economic conditions in our Southern California infill markets. Although there has been a post-COVID normalization of market rates and vacancy over the past year, the Los Angeles, Orange County, San Bernardino and San Diego markets are well-positioned for the long-term due to fundamental demand drivers and barriers for new supply. Although we cannot predict how our markets may perform in future periods, we believe that general market conditions will continue to offer the long-term opportunity to increase occupancy and rental rates at our properties which will be an important driver of future revenue growth. 
 Leasing Activity and Rental Rates 
 The following tables set forth our leasing activity for new and renewal leases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 New Leases Quarter Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet Weighted Average Lease Term (in years) Effective Rent Per Square Foot (1) 
 GAAP Leasing Spreads (2)(4) 
 Cash Leasing Spreads (3)(4) 
 Q1-2024 50 830,941 4.2 15.88 41.3 31.2 Q2-2024 60 1,033,006 5.1 20.66 45.2 29.7 Q3-2024 56 994,566 4.1 15.79 35.8 25.7 Total/Weighted Average 166 2,858,513 4.5 17.58 41.0 28.6 
 Renewal Leases Expired Leases Retention (7) 
 Quarter Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet Weighted Average Lease Term (in years) Effective Rent Per Square Foot (1) 
 GAAP Leasing Spreads (2)(5) 
 Cash Leasing Spreads (3)(5) 
 Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet (6) 
 Rentable Square Feet Q1-2024 64 2,398,076 3.1 14.62 14.8 11.3 152 3,819,253 82.2 Q2-2024 69 1,228,905 4.5 19.39 78.6 58.2 126 2,038,430 68.1 Q3-2024 52 599,529 4.4 18.16 41.4 27.3 112 1,677,064 51.6 Total/Weighted Average 185 4,226,510 3.7 16.51 34.7 25.7 390 7,534,747 71.9 Excluding One Lease Extension: (8) 
 Total/Weighted Average 184 3,124,670 4.3 16.58 62.1 42.7 
 (1) Effective rent per square foot is the average base rent calculated in accordance with GAAP, over the term of the lease, expressed in dollars per square foot per year. Includes all new and renewal leases that were executed during the quarter. 
 (2) Calculated as the change between GAAP rents for new or renewal leases and the expiring GAAP rents (excluding the impact of amortization of intangible assets or liabilities) on the expiring leases for the same space. 
 (3) Calculated as the change between starting cash rents for new or renewal leases and the expiring cash rents on the expiring leases for the same space. 
 50 

(4) The GAAP and cash re-leasing spreads for new leases executed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, exclude 62 leases aggregating 1,856,703 rentable square feet for which there was no comparable lease data. Of these 62 excluded leases, 25 leases for 1,111,401 rentable square feet were recently repositioned/redeveloped space. Comparable leases generally exclude: (i) space that has never been occupied under our ownership, (ii) repositioned/redeveloped space, including space in pre-development/entitlement process, (iii) space that has been vacant for over one year or (iv) space with lease terms shorter than six months. 
 (5) The GAAP and cash re-leasing rent spreads for renewal leases executed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, exclude nine leases aggregating 847,339 rentable square feet for which there was no comparable lease data. Comparable leases generally exclude space with lease terms shorter than six months or space in pre-development/entitlement process. 
 (6) Includes leases totaling 1,384,437 rentable square feet that expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, for which the space has been or will be placed into repositioning (including other repositioning projects or redevelopment. 
 (7) Retention is calculated as renewal lease square footage plus relocation/expansion square footage, divided by the square footage of leases expiring during the period. Retention excludes square footage related to the following: (i) expiring leases associated with space that is placed into repositioning (including other repositioning projects after the tenant vacates, (ii) early terminations with pre-negotiated replacement leases and (iii) move outs where space is directly leased by subtenants. 
 (8) Reflects our renewal leasing activity, weighted average lease term, effective rent per square foot and leasing spreads for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, excluding a 1.1 million square foot lease extension with Tireco, Inc. at 10545 Production Avenue during the first quarter of 2024. The original Tireco, Inc. lease expiration date was January 2025 and included a fixed rate renewal option. In March 2024, the lease was extended through January 2027 at the current in-place rent at the time of execution and includes a 4 contractual rent increase in 2026 and two months of rent abatement. This lease extension was excluded for comparability purposes, in order to allow investors to make investment decisions based on our quarterly leasing statistics as compared to our prior periods. 
 Our leasing activity is impacted both by our repositioning and redevelopment efforts, as well as by market conditions. While we reposition a property, its space may become unavailable for leasing until completion of our repositioning efforts. As of September 30, 2024, we have 24 current repositioning/redevelopment projects with estimated construction completion periods ranging from the fourth quarter of 2024 through the fourth quarter of 2025, and an additional 15 repositioning and redevelopment projects in our pipeline with estimated construction completion dates through the second quarter of 2027. We expect these properties to have positive impacts on our leasing activity and revenue generation as we complete our value-add plans and place these properties in service. 
 51 

Scheduled Lease Expirations 
 Our ability to re-lease space subject to expiring leases is affected by economic and competitive conditions in our markets and by the relative desirability of our individual properties, which may impact our results of operations. The following table sets forth a summary schedule of lease expirations for leases in place as of September 30, 2024, for each of the 10 full and partial calendar years beginning with 2024 and thereafter, plus space that is available and under current repositioning. 
 Year of Lease Expiration Number of Leases Expiring Total Rentable Square Feet (1) 
 Percentage of Total Owned Square Feet Annualized Base Rent (2) 
 Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rent (3) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Square Foot (4) 
 Vacant (5) 
 1,143,871 2.3 Repositioning/Redevelopment (6) 
 2,371,421 4.7 MTM Tenants 5 167,492 0.3 2,118 0.3 12.65 Remainder of 2024 91 1,773,716 3.6 24,975 3.3 14.08 2025 416 7,255,347 14.5 110,757 14.6 15.27 2026 394 8,814,687 17.6 126,430 16.7 14.34 2027 296 7,676,174 15.3 124,542 16.4 16.22 2028 164 5,970,039 11.9 111,437 14.7 18.67 2029 148 5,083,396 10.2 89,796 11.9 17.66 2030 43 2,359,998 4.7 36,285 4.8 15.38 2031 27 3,399,110 6.8 49,479 6.5 14.56 2032 21 1,260,518 2.5 24,025 3.2 19.06 2033 10 386,007 0.8 7,352 1.0 19.05 Thereafter 40 2,406,205 4.8 49,861 6.6 20.72 Total Consolidated Portfolio 1,655 50,067,981 100.0 757,057 100.0 16.26 
 (1) Represents the contracted square footage upon expiration. 
 (2) Calculated as monthly contracted base rent (before rent abatements) per the terms of such lease, as of September 30, 2024, multiplied by 12. Excludes tenant reimbursements. Amounts in thousands. 
 (3) Calculated as annualized base rent set forth in this table divided by annualized base rent for the total portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Calculated as annualized base rent for such leases divided by the occupied square feet for such leases as of September 30, 2024. 
 (5) Represents vacant space (not under repositioning/redevelopment) as of September 30, 2024. Includes leases aggregating 113,363 rentable square feet that had been signed but had not yet commenced as of September 30, 2024. 
 (6) Represents vacant space at properties that were classified as repositioning (including other repositioning projects or redevelopment properties as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, in addition to 1.1 million rentable square feet of currently available space in our portfolio and approximately 2.4 million rentable square feet of vacant space under current repositioning, leases representing 3.6 and 14.5 of the aggregate rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire during the remainder of 2024 and 2025, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we renewed 185 leases for 4.2 million rentable square feet, resulting in a retention rate of 71.9 . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, new and renewal leases had a weighted average term of 4.5 and 4.3 years (excluding the 1.1 million square foot lease extension noted above under Leasing Activity and Rental Rates ), and we expect future new and renewal leases to have similar terms. 
 The leases scheduled to expire during the remainder of 2024 and 2025 represent approximately 3.3 and 14.6 , respectively, of the total annualized base rent for our portfolio as of September 30, 2024. We estimate that, on a weighted average basis, in-place rents of leases scheduled to expire during the remainder of 2024 and 2025 are currently below current market asking rates, although individual units or properties within any particular submarket may currently be leased either above, below, or at the current market asking rates within that submarket. 
 52 

As described under Market and Portfolio Fundamentals above, while market indicators, including changes in vacancy rates and average asking lease rates, varied by market and showed signs of a post-pandemic normalizing of tenant demand, overall there was continued low market vacancy and supply and demand imbalance across our submarkets, which continues to support favorable long-term market fundamentals. 
 
 Conditions in Our Markets 
 The properties in our portfolio are located primarily in Southern California infill markets. Positive or negative changes in economic or other conditions, high or persistent inflation and adverse weather conditions and natural disasters in this market may affect our overall performance. 
 Property Expenses 
 Our property expenses generally consist of utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, site repair and maintenance costs, and the allocation of overhead costs. For the majority of our properties, our property expenses are recovered, in part, by either the triple net provisions or modified gross expense reimbursements in tenant leases. The majority of our leases also comprise contractual three percent or greater annual rental rate increases meant, in part, to help mitigate potential increases in property expenses over time. However, the terms of our leases vary, and, in some instances, we may absorb property expenses. Our overall financial results will be impacted by the extent to which we are able to pass-through property expenses to our tenants. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiary 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Operating Partnership indirectly and wholly owns Rexford Industrial Realty and Management, Inc., which we refer to as our services company. We have elected, together with our services company, to treat our services company as a taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary generally may provide non-customary and other services to our tenants and engage in activities that we or our subsidiaries (other than a taxable REIT subsidiary) may not engage in directly without adversely affecting our qualification as a REIT, provided a taxable REIT subsidiary may not operate or manage a lodging facility or health care facility or provide rights to any brand name under which any lodging facility or health care facility is operated. We may form additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future, and our Operating Partnership may contribute some or all of its interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries or their assets to our services company. Any income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries will not be included in our taxable income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests, except to the extent such income is distributed to us as a dividend, in which case such dividend income will qualify under the 95 , but not the 75 , gross income test. Because a taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax, and state and local income tax (where applicable) as a regular corporation, the income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries generally will be subject to an additional level of tax as compared to the income earned by our other subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiary is a C-corporation subject to federal and state income tax. However, it has a cumulative unrecognized net operation loss carryforward and therefore there is no income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Additionally, the taxable REIT subsidiary had minimal activity during these periods. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and assumptions. Management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions that it believes are reasonable as of the date hereof. In addition, other companies in similar businesses may use different estimation policies and methodologies, which may affect the comparability of our results of operations and financial condition to those of other companies. 
 In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified certain critical accounting policies that affect certain of our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. We have not made any material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the period covered by this report. 
 53 

Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations are often not comparable from period to period due to the effect of (i) property acquisitions, (ii) property dispositions and (iii) properties that are taken out of service for repositioning or redevelopment during the comparative reporting periods. Our Total Portfolio represents all of the properties owned during the reported periods. To eliminate the effect of changes in our Total Portfolio due to acquisitions, dispositions, and repositioning/redevelopment and to highlight the operating results of our on-going business, we have separately presented the results of our Same Property Portfolio. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Same Property Portfolio includes all properties in our portfolio that were wholly-owned by us for the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024, and that were stabilized prior to January 1, 2023, which consisted of buildings aggregating approximately 37.0 million rentable square feet at 293 of our properties. Results for our Same Property Portfolio exclude properties that were acquired or sold during the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024, properties or buildings classified as current or future repositioning (including select buildings in other repositioning ), redevelopment or lease-up during 2023 or 2024, interest income, interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses. 
 In addition to the properties included in our Same Property Portfolio, our Total Portfolio includes the 73 properties aggregating approximately 8.3 million rentable square feet that were purchased between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024, and the seven properties aggregating approximately 0.3 million rentable square feet that were sold between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our Same Property Portfolio occupancy was approximately 96.7 and 97.4 , respectively. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Same Property Portfolio weighted average occupancy was approximately 96.9 . Comparatively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, our Same Property Portfolio weighted average occupancy was approximately 97.2 and 97.1 , respectively. 

54 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes the historical results of operations for our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Same Property Portfolio Total Portfolio Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change REVENUES Rental income 175,334 170,392 4,942 2.9 238,396 204,212 34,184 16.7 Management and leasing services 156 158 (2) (1.3) Interest income 3,291 1,029 2,262 219.8 TOTAL REVENUES 175,334 170,392 4,942 2.9 241,843 205,399 36,444 17.7 OPERATING EXPENSES Property expenses 41,207 39,620 1,587 4.0 54,867 48,085 6,782 14.1 General and administrative 20,926 18,575 2,351 12.7 Depreciation and amortization 47,800 48,908 (1,108) (2.3) 69,241 60,449 8,792 14.5 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 89,007 88,528 479 0.5 145,034 127,109 17,925 14.1 OTHER EXPENSES Other expenses 492 551 (59) (10.7) Interest expense 27,340 15,949 11,391 71.4 TOTAL EXPENSES 89,007 88,528 479 0.5 172,866 143,609 29,257 20.4 Gains on sale of real estate 1,745 1,745 NET INCOME 86,327 81,864 4,463 5.5 70,722 61,790 8,932 14.5 
 Rental Income 
 In the following table, we present the components of rental income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, which includes rental revenue, tenant reimbursements and other income related to leases. The below presentation of rental income is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. We are presenting this information because we believe it is frequently used by management, investors, securities analysts and other interested parties to understand and evaluate the Company s performance. 
 Same Property Portfolio Total Portfolio Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Category 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue (1) 
 144,957 140,665 4,292 3.1 196,776 168,789 27,987 16.6 Tenant reimbursements (2) 
 29,766 29,221 545 1.9 40,969 34,842 6,127 17.6 Other income (3) 
 611 506 105 20.8 651 581 70 12.0 Rental income 175,334 170,392 4,942 2.9 238,396 204,212 34,184 16.7 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental income increased by 4.9 million, or 2.9 , and 34.2 million, or 16.7 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, for the reasons described below: 
 55 

(1) Rental Revenue 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental revenue increased by 4.3 million, or 3.1 , and 28.0 million, or 16.6 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio rental revenue is primarily due to an increase in average rental rates on new and renewal leases, partially offset by a decrease of 1.1 million in amortization of net below-market lease intangibles, an increase of 0.9 million in bad debt reserves/write-offs for tenant receivables not deemed probable of collection reflecting net reserves/write-offs of 0.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net recoveries of 0.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, and a decrease in average occupancy rates. Our Total Portfolio rental revenue was also positively impacted by the incremental revenues from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Tenant Reimbursements 
 Our Same Property Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue increased by 0.5 million, or 1.9 , and our Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue increased by 6.1 million, or 17.6 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue is primarily due to higher reimbursable utility expenses and other reimbursable expenses, partially offset by a decrease in reimbursable insurance expenses due to lower-than-expected renewal insurance premiums for the 2024-2025 policy year. Our Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue was also impacted by the incremental tenant reimbursements from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Other Income 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio other income increased by 0.1 million, or 20.8 , and 0.1 million, or 12.0 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in fees charged for late rental payments. 
 Management and Leasing Services 
 Our Total Portfolio management and leasing services revenue decreased by 2 thousand, or 1.3 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased from 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 2.5 million increase related to interest earned on the 125.0 million loan that we originated in October 2023, partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in interest earned on our money market accounts, primarily due to a decrease in the average cash balance invested in money market accounts. 
 Property Expenses 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio property expenses increased by 1.6 million, or 4.0 , and 6.8 million, or 14.1 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio property expenses is primarily due to increases in utility expenses, property tax expenses and repairs and maintenance expenses. Our Total Portfolio property expenses were also impacted by incremental expenses from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our Total Portfolio general and administrative expenses increased by 2.4 million, or 12.7 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases in non-cash equity compensation expense primarily related to performance unit equity grants made in 2023 and 2022, and non-executive payroll related costs and accrued bonus expense due to a higher employee headcount and rising labor costs. 
 56 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 Our Same Property Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 1.1 million, or 2.3 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to acquisition-related in-place lease intangibles becoming fully depreciated at certain of our properties subsequent to January 1, 2023, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense related to capital improvements placed into service subsequent to January 1, 2023 and an increase in amortization of deferred leasing costs. Our Total Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense increased by 8.8 million, or 14.5 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the incremental expense from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 Other Expenses 
 Our Total Portfolio other expenses decreased by 0.1 million from 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.5 million for three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 0.4 million decrease in construction demolition costs, partially offset by a 0.3 million increase in write-offs of construction costs related to cancelled projects. 
 Interest Expense 
 Our Total Portfolio interest expense increased by 11.4 million, or 71.4 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 13.8 million increase related to the aggregate 1.15 billion of exchangeable notes offering we completed in March 2024, partially offset by a 2.4 million decrease due to an increase in capitalized interest related to repositioning and redevelopment activity. 
 Gains on Sale of Real Estate 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized gains on sale of real estate of 1.7 million from the disposition of one property that was sold for a gross sales price of 7.3 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we did not complete any property dispositions. 
 57 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes the historical results of operations for our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Same Property Portfolio Total Portfolio Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change REVENUES Rental income 520,131 496,393 23,738 4.8 682,359 583,474 98,885 16.9 Management and leasing services 444 519 (75) (14.5) Interest income 10,709 3,408 7,301 214.2 TOTAL REVENUES 520,131 496,393 23,738 4.8 693,512 587,401 106,111 18.1 OPERATING EXPENSES Property expenses 118,803 113,261 5,542 4.9 154,254 135,220 19,034 14.1 General and administrative 60,213 55,039 5,174 9.4 Depreciation and amortization 143,813 146,044 (2,231) (1.5) 203,415 178,671 24,744 13.8 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 262,616 259,305 3,311 1.3 417,882 368,930 48,952 13.3 OTHER EXPENSES Other expenses 2,204 1,504 700 46.5 Interest expense 70,423 46,830 23,593 50.4 TOTAL EXPENSES 262,616 259,305 3,311 1.3 490,509 417,264 73,245 17.6 Gains on sale of real estate 18,013 12,133 5,880 48.5 NET INCOME 257,515 237,088 20,427 8.6 221,016 182,270 38,746 21.3 
 Rental Income 
 In the following table, we present the components of rental income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, which includes rental revenue, tenant reimbursements and other income related to leases. The below presentation of rental income is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. We are presenting this information because we believe it is frequently used by management, investors, securities analysts and other interested parties to understand and evaluate the Company s performance. 
 Same Property Portfolio Total Portfolio Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Category 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue (1) 
 429,896 410,043 19,853 4.8 563,963 483,183 80,780 16.7 Tenant reimbursements (2) 
 88,403 84,799 3,604 4.3 116,301 98,497 17,804 18.1 Other income (3) 
 1,832 1,551 281 18.1 2,095 1,794 301 16.8 Rental income 520,131 496,393 23,738 4.8 682,359 583,474 98,885 16.9 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental income increased by 23.7 million, or 4.8 , and 98.9 million, or 16.9 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for the reasons described below: 
 58 

(1) Rental Revenue 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio rental revenue increased by 19.9 million, or 4.8 , and 80.8 million, or 16.7 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio rental revenue is primarily due to an increase in average rental rates on new and renewal leases, partially offset by a decrease of 2.4 million in amortization of net below-market lease intangibles, an increase of 1.6 million in net bad debt reserves/write-offs for tenant receivables not deemed probable of collection and a decrease in average occupancy rates. Our Total Portfolio rental revenue was also positively impacted by the incremental revenues from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Tenant Reimbursements 
 Our Same Property Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue increased by 3.6 million, or 4.3 , and our Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue increased by 17.8 million, or 18.1 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue is primarily due to higher reimbursable property tax expenses, higher billings for other reimbursable expenses and higher reimbursable insurance expenses due to higher overall premiums. Our Total Portfolio tenant reimbursements revenue was also impacted by the incremental tenant reimbursements from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Other Income 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio other income increased by 0.3 million, or 18.1 , and 0.3 million, or 16.8 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in fees charged for late rental payments. 
 Management and Leasing Services 
 Our Total Portfolio management and leasing services revenue decreased by 0.1 million, or 14.5 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased from 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 10.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 7.5 million increase related to interest earned on the 125.0 million loan that we originated in October 2023. 
 Property Expenses 
 Our Same Property Portfolio and Total Portfolio property expenses increased by 5.5 million, or 4.9 , and 19.0 million, or 14.1 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our Same Property Portfolio property expenses is primarily due to increases in property tax expenses, insurance expenses as a result of higher overall premiums, repairs and maintenance expenses, utility expenses and allocated overhead costs driven by higher employee headcount and rising labor costs. Our Total Portfolio property expenses were also impacted by incremental expenses from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our Total Portfolio general and administrative expenses increased by 5.2 million, or 9.4 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to non-executive payroll related costs and accrued bonus expense due to a higher employee headcount and rising labor costs and increases in non-cash equity compensation expense primarily related to performance unit equity grants made in 2023 and 2022. 
 59 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 Our Same Property Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 2.2 million, or 1.5 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to acquisition-related in-place lease intangibles becoming fully depreciated at certain of our properties subsequent to January 1, 2023, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense related to capital improvements placed into service subsequent to January 1, 2023 and an increase in amortization of deferred leasing costs. Our Total Portfolio depreciation and amortization expense increased by 24.7 million, or 13.8 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the incremental expense from the 73 properties we acquired between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 Other Expenses 
 Our Total Portfolio other expenses increased by 0.7 million from 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 0.7 million increase in write-offs of construction costs related to cancelled projects and a 0.4 million increase in construction demolition costs, partially offset by a 0.2 million decrease in acquisition dead deal costs and a 0.2 million impairment charge recorded in February 2023 to reduce the carrying value of the right-of-use asset in connection with the early termination of a sublease for one of our office space leases. 
 Interest Expense 
 Our Total Portfolio interest expense increased by 23.6 million, or 50.4 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 28.1 million increase related to the aggregate 1.15 billion of exchangeable notes offering we completed in March 2024 and a 4.0 million increase related to the 300.0 million of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028 offering we completed in March 2023, partially offset by a 7.8 million decrease due to an increase in capitalized interest related to repositioning and redevelopment activity. 
 Gains on Sale of Real Estate 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized gains on sale of real estate of 18.0 million from the disposition of five properties that were sold for an aggregate gross sales price of 44.3 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized gains on sale of real estate of 12.1 million from the disposition of one property that was sold for a gross sales price of 17.0 million. 
 60 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Measure: Funds From Operations and Core Funds From Operations 
 We calculate funds from operations FFO attributable to common stockholder in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FFO represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP )), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, impairment losses of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions, and asset impairments, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of performance used by other REITs, FFO may be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. 
 However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effects and could materially impact our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. Other equity REITs may not calculate or interpret FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition as we do, and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs FFO. FFO should not be used as a measure of our liquidity and is not indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 
 We calculate Core FFO by adjusting FFO for non-comparable items outlined in the reconciliation below. We believe that Core FFO is a useful supplemental measure and that by adjusting for items that are not considered by us to be part of our on-going operating performance, provides a more meaningful and consistent comparison of our operating and financial performance period-over-period. Because these adjustments have a real economic impact on our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of Core FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. Other REITs may not calculate Core FFO in a consistent manner. Accordingly, our Core FFO may not be comparable to other REITs' core FFO. Core FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to FFO and Core FFO (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 70,722 61,790 221,016 182,270 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 69,241 60,449 203,415 178,671 Gains on sale of real estate (1,745) (18,013) (12,133) Funds From Operations (FFO) 138,218 122,239 406,418 348,808 Adjustments: Acquisition expenses 6 10 114 330 Impairment of right-of-use asset 188 Amortization of loss on termination of interest rate swaps 59 59 177 177 Non-capitalizable demolition costs 361 1,127 701 Write-offs of below-market lease intangibles related to terminations (1) 
 (1,318) Core FFO 138,283 122,669 407,836 348,886 Less: preferred stock dividends (2,314) (2,314) (6,943) (6,943) Less: Core FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests (2) 
 (5,391) (4,924) (16,035) (14,556) Less: Core FFO attributable to participating securities (3) 
 (567) (462) (1,725) (1,339) Core FFO attributable to common stockholders 130,011 114,969 383,133 326,048 
 61 

(1) Reflects the write-off of the portion of a below-market lease intangible attributable to below-market fixed rate renewal options that were not exercised due to the termination of the lease at the end of the initial lease term. 
 (2) Noncontrolling interests represent (i) holders of outstanding common units of the Company's Operating Partnership that are owned by unit holders other than the Company and (ii) holders of Series 1 CPOP Units, Series 2 CPOP Units and Series 3 CPOP Units. 
 (3) Participating securities include unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP units and unvested performance units. 
 
 Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures: NOI and Cash NOI 
 Net operating income NOI is a non-GAAP measure which includes the revenue and expense directly attributable to our real estate properties. NOI is calculated as rental income less property expenses (before interest expense, depreciation and amortization). 
 We use NOI as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, gains (or losses) on sale of real estate and other non-operating items, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that NOI will be useful to investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. However, because NOI excludes depreciation and amortization expense and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties (all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results from operations), the utility of NOI as a measure of our performance is limited. Other equity REITs may not calculate NOI in a similar manner and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to such other REITs NOI. Accordingly, NOI should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance. NOI should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs. NOI should not be used as a substitute for cash flow from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. 
 NOI on a cash-basis Cash NOI is a non-GAAP measure, which we calculate by adding or subtracting the following items from NOI: (i) amortization of above/(below) market lease intangibles and amortization of other deferred rent resulting from sale leaseback transactions with below market leaseback payments and (ii) straight-line rental revenue adjustments. We use Cash NOI, together with NOI, as a supplemental performance measure. Cash NOI should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs. Cash NOI should not be used as a substitute for cash flow from operating activities computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table sets forth the revenue and expense items comprising NOI and the adjustments to calculate Cash NOI (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental income 238,396 204,212 682,359 583,474 Less: Property expenses 54,867 48,085 154,254 135,220 Net Operating Income 183,529 156,127 528,105 448,254 Above/(below) market lease revenue adjustments (6,635) (7,241) (21,494) (21,763) Straight line rental revenue adjustment (11,441) (11,792) (28,376) (28,073) Cash Net Operating Income 165,453 137,094 478,235 398,418 
 
 62 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to NOI and Cash NOI (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 70,722 61,790 221,016 182,270 Adjustments: General and administrative 20,926 18,575 60,213 55,039 Depreciation and amortization 69,241 60,449 203,415 178,671 Other expenses 492 551 2,204 1,504 Interest expense 27,340 15,949 70,423 46,830 Management and leasing services (156) (158) (444) (519) Interest income (3,291) (1,029) (10,709) (3,408) Gains on sale of real estate (1,745) (18,013) (12,133) Net Operating Income 183,529 156,127 528,105 448,254 Above/(below) market lease revenue adjustments (6,635) (7,241) (21,494) (21,763) Straight line rental revenue adjustment (11,441) (11,792) (28,376) (28,073) Cash Net Operating Income 165,453 137,094 478,235 398,418 
 
 Non-GAAP Supplemental Measure: EBITDA re 
 We calculate earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization for real estate EBITDA re in accordance with the standards established by NAREIT. EBITDA re is calculated as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business, impairment losses of depreciable operating property or assets incidental to our business and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We believe that EBITDA re is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of our operating performance as a real estate company because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of our properties. We also use this measure in ratios to compare our performance to that of our industry peers. In addition, we believe EBITDA re is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of equity REITs. However, our industry peers may not calculate EBITDA re in accordance with the NAREIT definition as we do and, accordingly, our EBITDA re may not be comparable to our peers EBITDA re . Accordingly, EBITDA re should be considered only as a supplement to net income (loss) as a measure of our performance. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to EBITDA re (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 70,722 61,790 221,016 182,270 Interest expense 27,340 15,949 70,423 46,830 Depreciation and amortization 69,241 60,449 203,415 178,671 Gains on sale of real estate (1,745) (18,013) (12,133) EBITDA re 
 165,558 138,188 476,841 395,638 
 63 

Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 Subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent are not required to provide separate financial statements, provided that the parent guarantee is full and unconditional, the subsidiary obligor is consolidated into the parent company s consolidated financial statements and, subject to certain exceptions as set forth below, the alternative disclosure required by Rule 13-01 is provided, which includes narrative disclosure and summarized financial information. The Company and the Operating Partnership have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering, among other securities, debt securities of the Operating Partnership, which will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. At September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had issued and outstanding 300.0 million of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028 (the 300 Million Notes due 2028 ), 400.0 million of 2.125 Senior Notes due 2030 (the 400 Million Notes due 2030 ), 400 million of 2.150 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 400 Million Notes due 2031 ), million of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Exchangeable Notes and million of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Exchangeable Notes and together with the 2027 Exchangeable Notes, the Exchangeable Notes ). The obligations of the Operating Partnership to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest on the 300 Million Notes due 2028, 400 Million Notes due 2030, 400 Million Notes due 2031 and Exchangeable Notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by the Company. The guarantee is full and unconditional, and the Operating Partnership is a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership have not been presented. 
 Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), the Company has excluded the summarized financial information for the Operating Partnership as the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company and the Operating Partnership are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds to pay for operating expenses, interest expense, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions, and distributions to our common and preferred stockholders and holders of common units of partnership interests in our Operating Partnership OP Units ). We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through available cash on hand, cash flow from operations, by drawing on our unsecured revolving credit facility and by issuing shares of common stock pursuant to our at-the-market equity offering program or issuing other securities as described below. 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, recurring and non-recurring capital expenditures and scheduled debt maturities. We intend to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through net cash flow from operations, proceeds from long-term unsecured and secured financings, borrowings available under our unsecured revolving credit facility, the issuance of debt and/or equity securities, including preferred stock, and proceeds from selective real estate dispositions as we identify capital recycling opportunities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had: 
 Outstanding fixed-rate and variable-rate debt with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of 3.4 billion, with 507.4 million due within 12 months (including the 100 million unsecured senior notes maturing on August 6, 2025 and the 400 million unsecured term loan facility maturing on July 18, 2025, which can be extended for one remaining one-year term at our option); 
 Total scheduled interest payments on our fixed rate debt and projected net interest payments on our variable rate debt and interest rate swaps of 454.7 million, of which 127.0 million is due within 12 months; 
 Commitments of 148.6 million for tenant improvements under certain tenant leases and construction work related to obligations under contractual agreements with our construction vendors; and 
 Operating lease commitments with aggregate lease payments of 26.2 million, of which 1.8 million is due within 12 months. 
 See Note 6 Notes Payable to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding the scheduled principal payments. Also see Note 7 Leases to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the scheduled operating lease payments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were 61.8 million, and we did not have borrowings outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility, leaving 995.0 million available for future borrowings after giving effect to the 5.0 million letter of credit that was issued under the unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 64 

Sources of Liquidity 
 Cash Flow from Operations 
 Cash flow from operations is one of our key sources of liquidity and is primarily dependent upon: (i) the occupancy levels and lease rates at our properties, (ii) our ability to collect rent, (iii) the level of operating costs we incur and (iv) our ability to pass through operating expenses to our tenants. We are subject to a number of risks related to general economic and other unpredictable conditions, which have the potential to affect our overall performance and resulting cash flows from operations. However, based on our current portfolio mix and business strategy, we anticipate that we will be able to generate positive cash flows from operations. 
 ATM Program 
 On February 17, 2023, we established an at-the-market equity offering program ATM program pursuant to which we are able to sell from time to time shares of our common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to 1.25 billion (the 2023 ATM Program ). The 2023 ATM Program replaced our previous 1.0 billion ATM Program, which was established on May 27, 2022. 
 In connection with our ATM programs, we may sell shares of our common stock directly through sales agents or we may enter into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers whereby, at our discretion, the forward purchasers may borrow and sell shares of our common stock under ATM programs. The use of a forward equity sale agreement allows us to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of our common stock at the time the agreement is executed but defer settling the forward equity sale agreements and receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. Additionally, the forward price that we expect to receive upon physical settlement of an agreement will be subject to adjustment for (i) a floating interest rate factor equal to a specified daily rate less a spread, (ii) the forward purchaser s stock borrowing costs and (iii) scheduled dividends during the term of the agreement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not sell any shares of common stock directly through sales agents or enter into any forward equity sale agreements under the 2023 ATM Program. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we physically settled the forward equity sale agreements that were outstanding as of December 31, 2023 under the 2023 ATM Program by issuing 3,010,568 shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 164.5 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 54.65 per share at settlement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 927.4 million of common stock remains available to be sold under the 2023 ATM Program. Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. 
 Securities Offerings 
 We evaluate the capital markets on an ongoing basis for opportunities to raise capital, and as circumstances warrant, we may issue additional securities, from time to time, to fund acquisitions, for the repayment of long-term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate purposes. Such securities may include common equity, preferred equity and/or debt of us or our subsidiaries. Any future issuance, however, is dependent upon market conditions, available pricing and capital needs and there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such offerings of securities. 
 Issuance of Exchangeable Senior Notes In March 2024, we issued 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375 exchangeable senior unsecured notes due 2027 and 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.125 exchangeable senior unsecured notes due 2029. The net proceeds from the issuance, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts, underwriting commissions and other offering expenses, were approximately 563.1 million for the 2027 Exchangeable Notes and 563.1 million for the 2029 Exchangeable Notes. Interest on the Exchangeable Notes is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year beginning on September 15, 2024. The 2027 Exchangeable Notes will mature on March 15, 2027 and the 2029 Exchangeable Notes will mature on March 15, 2029, in each case unless earlier repurchased, exchanged or (in the case of 2029 Exchangeable Notes) redeemed. 
 65 

Before December 15, 2026 (in the case of the 2027 Exchangeable Notes) or December 15, 2028 (in the case of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes), noteholders will have the right to exchange their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after December 15, 2026 (in the case of the 2027 notes) or December 15, 2028 (in the case of the 2029 notes), noteholders may exchange their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date of the applicable series of Exchangeable Notes. Exchanges will be settled by delivering cash up to the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes exchanged, and in respect of the remainder of the exchanged value, if any, in excess thereof, in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our option. The initial exchange rate is 15.7146 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes, which represents an initial exchange price of approximately 63.64 per share of our common stock. The initial exchange price represents a premium of approximately 30.0 over the last reported sale price of 48.95 per share of our common stock on March 26, 2024. 
 March 2024 Forward Equity Offering In March 2024, we entered into a forward equity sale agreement with a financial institution acting as forward purchaser in connection with an underwritten public offering of 17,179,318 shares of common stock (the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement ), pursuant to which, the forward purchaser borrowed and sold an aggregate of 17,179,318 shares of common stock in the offering. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common shares by the forward purchaser at the time of the offering. The net forward sale price that we will receive upon physical settlement of the agreement, which was initially 48.61 per share, will be subject to adjustment for (i) a floating interest rate factor equal to a specified daily rate less a spread, (ii) the forward purchaser s stock borrowing costs and (iii) scheduled dividends during the term of the forward sale agreement. 
 In July 2024, we partially settled the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement by issuing 1,650,916 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 80.0 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 48.46 per share at settlement. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, in October 2024, we partially settled the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement by issuing 2,884,380 shares of common stock in exchange for net proceeds of 140.0 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 48.54 per share at settlement. 
 We currently expect to physically settle the remaining 12,644,022 shares under the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement by issuing shares of our common stock in exchange for cash proceeds upon one or more settlement dates, at our discretion, prior to the scheduled maturity date of March 27, 2025. As of October 18, 2024, the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the net forward sale price was 48.58 and would result in 614.2 million of cash proceeds upon physical settlement of the shares under the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement. 
 Settlement of May 2023 Forward Equity Offering On May 10, 2023, we entered into forward equity sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers in connection with an underwritten public offering of 13,500,000 shares of common stock at an initial forward price of 55.24 per share (the May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements ), pursuant to which, the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of 13,500,000 shares of common stock in the offering. During 2023, we partially settled the May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing 11,246,966 shares of common stock, leaving a remaining 2,253,034 shares of common stock for settlement as of December 31, 2023. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we settled the outstanding May 2023 Forward Sale Agreements by issuing 2,253,034 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 125.7 million, based on a weighted average forward price of 55.79 per share at settlement. 
 Capital Recycling 
 We continuously evaluate opportunities for the potential disposition of properties in our portfolio when we believe such disposition is appropriate in view of our business objectives. In evaluating these opportunities, we consider a variety of criteria including, but not limited to, local market conditions and lease rates, asset type and location, as well as potential uses of proceeds and tax considerations. Tax considerations include entering into tax-deferred like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code 1031 Exchange ), when possible, to defer some or all of the taxable gains, if any, on dispositions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the sale of five properties for an aggregate sales price of 44.3 million and net cash proceeds of 41.3 million. The net cash proceeds were used to partially fund the acquisition of three properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, through 1031 Exchange transactions. 
 We anticipate continuing to selectively and opportunistically dispose of properties, however, the timing of any potential future dispositions will depend on market conditions, asset-specific circumstances or opportunities, and our capital needs. Our ability to dispose of selective properties on advantageous terms, or at all, is dependent upon a number of factors including the availability of credit to potential buyers to purchase properties at prices that we consider acceptable. 
 66 

Investment Grade Rating 
 Our credit ratings at September 30, 2024, were Baa2 (Stable outlook) from Moody s and BBB+ (Stable outlook) from both S P and Fitch with respect to our Credit Agreement (described below), Exchangeable Notes, 100.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (the 100 Million Notes ), 25.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes and 75.0 million unsecured guaranteed senior notes (together the Series 2019A and 2019B Notes ), 300 Million Notes, 400 Million Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031. Our credit ratings at September 30, 2024, were BBB- from both S P and Fitch with respect to our 5.875 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 5.625 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. Our credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analysis of us, and, although it is our intent to maintain our investment grade credit rating, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. In the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, it may become difficult or more expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing indebtedness as maturities become due. 
 Credit Agreement 
 As of September 30, 2024, under the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), we have an unsecured revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of 1.0 billion (the Revolver ), which also allows us to issue letters of credit up to an aggregate amount not to exceed 100.0 million, a 300.0 million unsecured term loan facility (the 300 Million Term Loan and a 400.0 million unsecured term loan facility (the 400 Million Term Loan and together with the 300 Million Term Loan, the Term Facility ). Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, we may request additional lender commitments and increase the size of the Credit Agreement by an additional 800.0 million, which may be comprised of additional revolving commitments under the Revolver, an increase to the Term Facility, additional term loan tranches or any combination of the foregoing. 
 The Revolver is scheduled to mature on May 26, 2026 and has two six-month extension options available. The 400 Million Term Loan was scheduled to mature on July 19, 2024 and has two one-year extension options available. On July 12, 2024, we extended the maturity date of the 400 Million Term Loan by one year to July 18, 2025. The 300 Million Term Loan matures on May 26, 2027. 
 Interest on the Credit Agreement is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either (i) 1-month SOFR Term SOFR plus the applicable margin; (ii) daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the applicable margin or (iii) the applicable base rate (which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the administrative agent s prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and (d) one percent (1.00 plus the applicable margin. Additionally, Term SOFR and daily SOFR will be increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment. The applicable margin for the Term Facility ranges from 0.80 to 1.60 per annum for SOFR-based loans and 0.00 to 0.60 per annum for base rate loans, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade ratings. The applicable margin for the Revolver ranges from 0.725 to 1.400 per annum for SOFR-based loans and letters of credit and 0.00 to 0.40 per annum for base rate loans, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade ratings. In addition to the interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Revolver, we are required to pay an applicable credit facility fee, on each lender's commitment amount under the Revolver, regardless of usage. The applicable credit facility fee ranges from 0.125 to 0.300 per annum, depending on our leverage ratio and investment grade rating. 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement also features a sustainability-linked pricing component that can periodically adjust the applicable margin by -0.04 , zero or 0.04 and adjust the applicable credit facility fee by -0.01 , zero or 0.01 , depending on our achievement of the annual sustainability performance metric. In June 2024, after certifying that our sustainability performance was achieved at the target level for 2023, the sustainability-linked pricing adjustment changed from -0.04 to zero for the applicable margin and changed from -0.01 to zero for the applicable credit facility fee. 
 The Revolver and the Term Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Amounts borrowed under the Term Facility and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary events of default including defaults in the payment of principal, interest or fees, defaults in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement and other loan documentation, cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, and bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Revolver and had 5.0 million outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity, leaving 995.0 million available for future borrowings. 
 67 

Uses of Liquidity 
 Acquisitions 
 One of our most significant liquidity needs has historically been for the acquisition of real estate properties. Year to date, as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we completed ten acquisitions representing 55 properties with a combined 4.3 million rentable square feet of buildings on 206 acres of land, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.4 billion, and we are actively monitoring a volume of properties in our markets that we believe represent attractive potential investment opportunities to continue to grow our business. As of the filing date of this Quarterly Report, we have approximately 200.0 million of investments under contract or accepted offer. There can be no assurance we will complete any such transactions. While the actual number of investments that we complete will be dependent upon a number of factors, in the short term, we expect to fund our investments through available cash on hand, cash flows from operations, borrowings available under the Revolver, recycling capital through property dispositions and, in the long term, through the issuance of equity securities or proceeds from long-term secured and unsecured financings. See Note 3 Investments in Real Estate to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the investments we completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Recurring and Nonrecurring Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures are considered part of both our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. As discussed above under Factors that May Influence Future Results Acquisitions and Value-Add Repositioning and Redevelopment of Properties, as of September 30, 2024, 24 of our properties were under current repositioning and redevelopment and we have a pipeline of 15 additional properties for which we anticipate beginning construction work between the fourth quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2025. We currently estimate that approximately 439.3 million of capital will be required over the next few years (4Q-2024 through 2Q-2027) to complete the repositioning/redevelopment of these properties. However, this estimate is based on our current construction plans and budgets, both of which are subject to change as a result of a number of factors, including increased costs of building materials or construction services and construction delays related to supply chain backlogs and increased lead time on building materials. If we are unable to complete construction on schedule or within budget, we could incur increased construction costs and experience potential delays in leasing the properties. We expect to fund these projects through a combination of available cash on hand, the issuance of common stock under the 2023 ATM Program and/or settlement of the March 2024 Forward Sale Agreement, cash flow from operations and borrowings available under the Revolver. 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding non-recurring and recurring capital expenditures at the properties in our portfolio as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total (1) 
 Square Feet (2) 
 Per Square Foot (3) 
 Non-Recurring Capital Expenditures (4) 
 245,593 34,345,576 7.15 Recurring Capital Expenditures (5) 
 11,746 48,686,146 0.24 Total Capital Expenditures 257,339 
 (1) Cost is reported in thousands. Excludes the following capitalized costs: (i) compensation costs of personnel directly responsible for and who spend their time on redevelopment, renovation and rehabilitation activity and (ii) interest, property taxes and insurance costs incurred during the pre-construction and construction periods of repositioning or redevelopment projects. 
 (2) For non-recurring capital expenditures, reflects the aggregate square footage of the properties in which we incurred such capital expenditures. For recurring capital expenditures, reflects the weighted average square footage of our consolidated portfolio during the period. 
 (3) Per square foot amounts are calculated by dividing the aggregate capital expenditure costs by the square footage as defined in (2) above. 
 (4) Non-recurring capital expenditures are expenditures made in respect of a property for repositioning, redevelopment, or other major upgrade or renovation of such property, and further includes capital expenditures for seismic upgrades, roof or parking lot replacements or capital expenditures for deferred maintenance existing at the time such property was acquired. 
 (5) Recurring capital expenditures are expenditures made in respect of a property for maintenance of such property and replacement of items due to ordinary wear and tear including, but not limited to, expenditures made for maintenance of parking lot, roofing materials, mechanical systems, HVAC systems and other structural systems. 
 68 

Dividends and Distributions 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. To satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, we intend to distribute a percentage of our cash flow on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock. In addition, we intend to make distribution payments to holders of OP Units and preferred units and dividend payments to holders of our preferred stock. 
 On October 14, 2024, our board of directors declared the following quarterly cash dividends/distributions record dates and payment dates. 
 Security Amount per Share/Unit Record Date Payment Date Common stock 0.4175 December 31, 2024 January 15, 2025 OP Units 0.4175 December 31, 2024 January 15, 2025 5.875 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 0.367188 December 16, 2024 December 31, 2024 5.625 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 0.351563 December 16, 2024 December 31, 2024 4.00 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 0.45 December 16, 2024 December 31, 2024 3.00 Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units 
 0.545462 December 16, 2024 December 31, 2024 
 69 

Indebtedness Outstanding 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our consolidated indebtedness outstanding as of September 30, 2024: 
 Contractual Maturity Date Margin Above SOFR Effective Interest Rate (1) 
 Principal Balance 
 (in thousands) (2) 
 Unsecured and Secured Debt: Unsecured Debt: 
 Revolving Credit Facility 5/26/2026 (3) 
 S+0.725 (4) 
 5.785 (5) 
 400M Term Loan 7/18/2025 (3) 
 S+0.800 (4) 
 4.872 (6) 
 400,000 100M Senior Notes 8/6/2025 n/a 4.290 
 100,000 575M Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 (7) 
 3/15/2027 n/a 4.375 575,000 300M Term Loan 5/26/2027 S+0.800 (4) 
 3.717 (8) 
 300,000 125M Senior Notes 7/13/2027 n/a 3.930 125,000 300M Senior Notes due 2028 6/15/2028 n/a 5.000 300,000 575M Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 (7) 
 3/15/2029 n/a 4.125 575,000 25M Series 2019A Senior Notes 7/16/2029 n/a 3.880 25,000 400M Senior Notes due 2030 12/1/2030 n/a 2.125 400,000 400M Senior Notes due 2031 9/1/2031 n/a 2.150 400,000 75M Series 2019B Senior Notes 7/16/2034 n/a 4.030 75,000 Total Unsecured Debt 3,275,000 Secured Debt: 60M Term Loan (9) 
 10/27/2025 (9) 
 S+1.250 (9) 
 5.060 60,000 5160 Richton Street 11/15/2024 n/a 3.790 3,933 22895 Eastpark Drive 11/15/2024 n/a 4.330 2,482 701-751 Kingshill Place 1/5/2026 n/a 3.900 6,885 13943-13955 Balboa Boulevard 7/1/2027 n/a 3.930 14,310 2205 126th Street 12/1/2027 n/a 3.910 5,200 2410-2420 Santa Fe Avenue 1/1/2028 n/a 3.700 10,300 11832-11954 La Cienega Boulevard 7/1/2028 n/a 4.260 3,792 Gilbert/La Palma 3/1/2031 n/a 5.125 1,590 7817 Woodley Avenue 8/1/2039 n/a 4.140 2,781 Total Secured Debt 111,273 Total Consolidated Debt 3.835 3,386,273 
 (1) Reflects the contractual interest rate under the terms of each loan as of September 30, 2024, and includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of September 30, 2024. The interest rate is not adjusted to include the amortization of debt issuance costs or unamortized fair market value premiums/discounts or the facility fee on the Revolver. 
 (2) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums/discounts totaling 36.1 million, which are presented as a reduction of the carrying value of our debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) The Revolver has two six-month extensions and the 400 Million Term Loan has two one-year extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. On July 12, 2024, we exercised the first of the two one-year extension options to extend the maturity date of the 400 Million Term Loan by one year to July 18, 2025. 
 (4) As of September 30, 2024, the interest rates on these loans are comprised of daily SOFR for both the Revolver and 400 Million Term Loan and Term SOFR for the 300 Million Term Loan (in each case increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment), plus an applicable margin of 0.725 per annum for the Revolver and 0.80 per annum for the Term Loans, and a sustainability-related rate adjustment of zero. These loans are also subject to a 0 SOFR floor. 
 70 

(5) The Revolver is subject to an applicable facility fee which is calculated as a percentage of the total lenders commitment amount, regardless of usage. As of September 30, 2024, the applicable facility fee is 0.125 per annum with a sustainability-related rate adjustment of zero. The effective rate assumes daily SOFR of 4.960 as of September 30, 2024. 
 (6) As of September 30, 2024, daily SOFR for the 400 Million Term Loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of 3.97231 , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of 4.87231 after adding the SOFR adjustment, applicable margin and sustainability-related rate adjustment. 
 (7) Noteholders have the right to exchange their notes upon the occurrence of certain events. Exchanges will be settled by delivering cash up to the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes exchanged, and in respect of the remainder of the exchanged value, if any, in excess thereof, in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our option. 
 (8) As of September 30, 2024, Term SOFR for the 300 Million Term Loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of 2.81725 , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of 3.71725 after adding the SOFR adjustment and applicable margin and sustainability-related rate adjustment. 
 (9) The 60.0 million term loan facility (the 60 Million Term Loan has interest-only payment terms bearing interest at Term SOFR increased by a 0.10 SOFR adjustment plus an applicable margin of 1.25 per annum. As of September 30, 2024, Term SOFR for this loan has been swapped to a fixed rate of 3.710 , resulting in an all-in fixed rate of 5.060 after adding the SOFR adjustment and applicable margin. The loan is secured by six properties and has three one-year extensions available at the borrower s option, subject to certain terms and conditions. On September 26, 2024, we exercised the first of the three one-year extension options to extend the maturity date of this loan by one year to October 27, 2025. 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our consolidated debt between fixed-rate and variable-rate and secured and unsecured debt as of September 30, 2024: 
 Average Term Remaining (in years) Effective 
 Interest Rate (1) 
 Principal Balance 
 (in thousands) (2) 
 of Total Fixed vs. Variable: Fixed (3) 
 3.8 3.835 3,386,273 100 Variable Secured vs. Unsecured: Secured 2.1 4.553 111,273 3 Unsecured 3.9 3.811 3,275,000 97 
 (1) Includes the effect of interest rate swaps that were effective as of September 30, 2024. Interest rates are not adjusted to include the amortization of debt issuance costs or unamortized fair market value premiums/discounts or the facility fee on the Revolver. 
 (2) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums/discounts totaling 36.1 million, which are presented as a reduction of the carrying value of our debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Fixed-rate debt includes our variable rate debts that have been effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps through maturity. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had consolidated indebtedness of 3.4 billion, reflecting a net debt to total combined market capitalization of approximately 22.2 . Our total market capitalization is defined as the sum of the liquidation preference of our outstanding preferred stock and preferred units plus the market value of our common stock excluding shares of nonvested restricted stock, plus the aggregate value of common units not owned by us, plus the value of our net debt. Our net debt is defined as our consolidated indebtedness less cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan, 100 Million Notes, 125 Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes all include a series of financial and other covenants that we must comply with, including the following covenants which are tested on a quarterly basis: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than 60 ; 
 71 

For the Credit Agreement and 60 Million Term Loan, maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than 45 ; 
 For the 100 Million Notes, 125 Million Notes and Series 2019A and 2019B Notes (together the Senior Notes ), maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total secured recourse debt to total asset value of not more than 15 ; 
 For the Senior Notes, maintaining a minimum tangible net worth of at least the sum of (i) 760,740,750, and (ii) an amount equal to at least 75 of the net equity proceeds received by the Company after September 30, 2016; 
 Maintaining a ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to fixed charges of at least 1.5 to 1.0; 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of total unsecured debt to total unencumbered asset value of not more than 60 ; and 
 For the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes, maintaining a ratio of unencumbered NOI (as defined in each of the loan agreements) to unsecured interest expense of at least 1.75 to 1.00. 
 
 The 300 Million Notes due 2028, 400 Million Notes due 2030 and 400 Million Notes due 2031 (together the Registered Notes contain the following covenants (as defined in the indentures) that we must comply with: 
 Maintaining a ratio of total indebtedness to total asset value of not more than 60 ; 
 Maintaining a ratio of secured debt to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 Maintaining a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.5 to 1.0; and 
 Maintaining a ratio of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt of at least 1.5 to 1.0. 
 Subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, 60 Million Term Loan, Senior Notes and Registered Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, (i) a default in the payment of any principal or interest, (ii) a default in the payment of certain of our other indebtedness and (iii) a default in compliance with the covenants set forth in the debt agreement, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt may be declared immediately due and payable at the option of the administrative agent, lenders, trustee and/or noteholders, as applicable, and in the event of bankruptcy and other insolvency defaults, the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding debt will become immediately due and payable. In addition, we are required to maintain at all times a credit rating on the Senior Notes from either S P, Moody s or Fitch. 
 We were in compliance with all of our quarterly debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes the changes in net cash flows associated with our operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash provided by operating activities 362,661 311,561 51,100 Cash used in investing activities (1,539,143) (1,272,780) (266,363) Cash provided by financing activities 1,204,874 1,007,701 197,173 
 Net cash provided by operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 51.1 million to 362.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 311.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to the incremental cash flows from property acquisitions completed subsequent to January 1, 2023 and the increase in Cash NOI from our Same Property Portfolio, partially offset by higher cash interest paid as compared to the prior year period and changes in working capital. 
 72 

Net cash used in investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities increased by 266.4 million to 1.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to a 175.8 million increase in cash paid for property acquisitions and a 117.8 million increase in cash paid for construction costs, including costs related to repositioning/redevelopment projects, partially offset by a 25.0 million increase in proceeds from the sale of real estate for comparable periods. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities . Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 197.2 million to 1.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 1.1 billion in net cash proceeds from the issuance of the Exchangeable Notes in March 2024. This increase was partially offset by the following: (i) a decrease of 580.8 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock, (ii) a decrease of 296.9 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance of the 300 Million Notes in March 2023 and (iii) an increase of 51.9 million in cash dividends paid to common stockholders and common unitholders as a result of an increase in our quarterly per share/unit cash dividend and an increase in the number of common shares outstanding. 
 
 Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has historically had a material impact on the Company. While currently moderating, significant inflation in recent years has resulted in increased operating expenses, capital expenditures and cost of our variable-rate borrowings which could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. The majority of our leases are either triple net or provide for tenant reimbursement for costs related to real estate taxes and operating expenses. In addition, most of the leases provide for fixed rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases to real estate taxes, utility expenses and other operating expenses may be partially offset by the contractual rent increases and tenant payment of taxes and expenses described above. 
 73 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. A key market risk we face is interest rate risk. We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of using variable-rate debt to satisfy various short-term and long-term liquidity needs, which have interest rates based upon SOFR. We use interest rate swaps to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings. Because actual interest rate movements over time are uncertain, our swaps pose potential interest rate risks, notably if interest rates fall. We also expose ourselves to credit risk, which we attempt to minimize by contracting with highly-rated banking financial counterparties. For a summary of our outstanding debt, see Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. For a summary of our interest rate swaps and recent transactions, see Note 8 Interest Rate Derivatives to our consolidated financial statements. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total consolidated indebtedness, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums/discounts, of 3.39 billion. As of September 30, 2024, 100 of this consolidated indebtedness is fixed-rate debt under the terms of the loan or through the use of interest rate swaps. As such, as of September 30, 2024, if SOFR were to increase or decrease, there would be no impact to interest expense or future earnings and cash flows. 
 Interest risk amounts are our management s estimates and are determined by considering the effect of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. We calculate interest sensitivity by multiplying the amount of variable rate debt outstanding by the respective change in rate. The sensitivity analysis does not take into consideration the possibility of future changes in the balances or fair value of our floating rate debt or the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. 
 
 74 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Based on the foregoing, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. No changes to our internal control over financial reporting were identified that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 75 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Please refer to our Risk Factors as set forth in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to the risk factors as set forth in that document. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 (a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or approximate dollar value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 
 627 49.58 N/A N/A August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 
 174 50.30 N/A N/A September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 
 963 50.30 N/A N/A 1,764 50.04 N/A N/A 
 (1) Reflects shares of common stock that were tendered by certain of our employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted shares of common stock. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a). None 
 (b). None 
 (c). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 76 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form S-11/A, filed by the registrant on July 15, 2013). 
 3.2 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K, filed by the registrant on April 7, 2023). 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series B Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Form 8-A, filed by the registrant on November 9, 2017). 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Form 8-A, filed by the registrant on September 19, 2019). 
 3.5 
 Eighth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K, filed by the registrant on March 21, 2022). 
 22.1 List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.1 The registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited), (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) that have been detail tagged. 
 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 Filed herein 
 
 77 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto authorized. 
 
 Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. October 18, 2024 /s/ Michael S. Frankel 
 Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 18, 2024 /s/ Howard Schwimmer 
 Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 18, 2024 /s/ Laura E. Clark 
 Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 78 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 rexr-q3x2024ex221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the following subsidiary was the issuer of the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028, the 2.125 Senior Notes due 2030 and the 2.150 Senior Notes due 2031, all of which are guaranteed by Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Rexford Industrial Realty, L.P. Maryland 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rexrq3-2024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael S. Frankel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 18, 2024 By s Michael S. Frankel Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rexrq3-2024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Howard Schwimmer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 18, 2024 By s Howard Schwimmer Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 rexrq3-2024ex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Laura E. Clark, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 18, 2024 By s Laura E. Clark Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 rexrq3-2024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael S. Frankel, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Michael S. Frankel Michael S. Frankel Co-Chief Executive Officer October 18, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 rexrq3-2024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard Schwimmer, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Howard Schwimmer Howard Schwimmer Co-Chief Executive Officer October 18, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 rexrq3-2024ex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Laura E. Clark, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Laura E. Clark Laura E. Clark Chief Financial Officer October 18, 2024 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rexr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rexr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rexr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rexr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rexr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

