<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1396009_0001396009-24-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10661358</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140504</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2376443</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3752401</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2161435</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2037112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001396009-24-000023.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030140919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001396009-24-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vulcan Materials CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				208579133
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33841
		FILM NUMBER:		241409274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 URBAN CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(205) 298-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 URBAN CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Virginia Holdco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070409

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001396009-24-000023.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 vmc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

vmc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Class Shares Outstanding at October 16, 2024 
 Common Stock, 1 Par Value 

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY 
 FORM 10-Q 
 QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 Signatures 
 47 
 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this report to Vulcan, the Company, we, our, or us refer to Vulcan Materials Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 1 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Unaudited September 30 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 in millions Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and notes receivable, gross Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Investments and long-term receivables Property, plant equipment, cost Allowances for depreciation, depletion amortization ) ) ) Property, plant equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Trade payables and accruals Other current liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes, net Deferred revenue Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Other commitments and contingencies (Note 8) par value, Authorized shares, 
 Outstanding , and shares, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 2 

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Unaudited Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions, except per share data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues Cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, administrative and general expenses ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses Loss on impairments ) ) ) ) Other operating expense, net ) ) ) ) Operating earnings Other nonoperating expense, net ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Earnings from continuing operations Loss on discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net earnings Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to Vulcan Other comprehensive income, net of tax Amortization of accumulated cash flow hedge losses Amortization of accumulated benefit plan costs Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Comprehensive earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Vulcan Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Vulcan Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Net earnings Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Vulcan Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Net earnings Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Assuming dilution Effective tax rate from continuing operations 
 The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Unaudited Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization Loss on impairments Noncash operating lease expense Net gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses ) ) Contributions to pension plans ) ) Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities before initial effects of business acquisitions and dispositions ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of property, plant equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant equipment Proceeds from sale of businesses Payment for businesses acquired, net of acquired cash and adjustments ) Other, net ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term debt Payment of short-term debt ) ) Payment of current maturities and long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Debt issuance and exchange costs ) ) Payment of finance leases ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Share-based compensation, shares withheld for taxes ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of the statements. 
 4 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1: 
 demographic factors are significant drivers of demand for aggregates. While aggregates is our focus and primary business, we produce and sell aggregates-intensive asphalt mix and/or ready-mixed concrete products in certain markets. 
 We own an controlling interest in the Orca Sand and Gravel Limited Partnership (Orca) which was formed to develop the Orca quarry in British Columbia, Canada. The remaining noncontrolling interest is held by the Namgis First Nation (Namgis). This noncontrolling interest consists of the Namgis share of the fair value equity in the partnership. 
 Inventories are as follows: 
 in millions September 30 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 Finished products Raw materials Products in process Operating supplies and other Total inventories 
 5 

) ) ) Income tax benefit Loss on discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 Our discontinued operations include charges related to general and product liability costs, including legal defense costs, and environmental remediation costs associated with our former Chemicals business (including certain matters as discussed in Note 8). There were revenues from discontinued operations for the periods presented. 
 , as set forth below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of Stock-Only Stock Appreciation Rights Other stock compensation awards Weighted-average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution 

6 

NOTE 2: 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) ) Operating leases, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Finance lease ROU assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Finance leases, net Property, plant equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Other current liabilities Finance Other current liabilities Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Finance Other noncurrent liabilities Total lease liabilities Lease Term and Discount Rate Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 The decreases from September 30, 2023 in total lease assets and liabilities presented above primarily relate to the November 2023 sale of concrete operations in Texas (see Note 16 for additional information). Our lease agreements do not contain material residual value guarantees, restrictive covenants or early termination options. In addition to the lease assets and liabilities presented in the table above, we entered into an agreement to lease a terminal in California and expect to have all permits in place associated with all lease commencement options in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost 1 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease expense 
 
 7 

million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash paid for finance leases (principal and interest) was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 3: 
 million compared to million in the third quarter of 2023. The tax expense is comparable to the amount recorded in the third quarter of 2023, as the reduction in pretax earnings in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to a goodwill impairment (see Note 15), the majority of which was non-tax deductible. 
 
 million compared to million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in tax expense was primarily due to a goodwill impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2024, the majority of which was non-tax deductible, and a discrete benefit recognized in the first nine months of 2023 related to a 2022 business disposition, partially offset by lower pretax earnings. 
 
 million against which we have a full valuation allowance recorded. In 2024, we project a million increase in deferred tax assets against which a valuation allowance was recorded as a component of the EAETR in the first nine months of 2024. A majority of the deferred tax assets relate to a net operating loss (NOL) carryforward which would expire between 2032 and 2034 if not utilized. Should the Mexican government lift the shutdown and/or if we are successful in our North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) claim, we will reevaluate the need for a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. 
 We project Alabama NOL carryforward deferred tax assets at December 31, 2024 of million against which we have a valuation allowance of million. Almost all of the Alabama NOL carryforward would expire between 2024 and 2029 if not utilized. 
 A summary of our deferred tax assets and liabilities is included in Note 9 Income Taxes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 8 

NOTE 4: 
 or less. 
 Gulf Coast revenues West revenues Segment sales Intersegment sales ) ) Total revenues 1 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 in millions Aggregates Asphalt Concrete Total East revenues Gulf Coast revenues West revenues Segment sales Intersegment sales ) ) Total revenues 1 

Gulf Coast revenues West revenues Segment sales Intersegment sales ) ) Total revenues 1 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in millions Aggregates Asphalt Concrete Total East revenues Gulf Coast revenues West revenues Segment sales Intersegment sales ) ) Total revenues 1 

1 
 
 9 

million of total revenues) and million of total revenues) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million of total revenues) and million of total revenues) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our products typically are sold to private industry and not directly to governmental entities. Although approximately to of our aggregates shipments have historically been used in publicly funded construction (such as highways, airports and government buildings), a relatively small portion of our sales are made directly to federal, state, county or municipal governments/agencies. Therefore, although reductions in state and federal funding can curtail publicly funded construction, the vast majority of our business is not directly subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts with local, state or federal governments. 
 PRODUCT REVENUES 
 Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with our customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs at a point in time when our aggregates, asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete are shipped/delivered and control passes to the customer. Revenue for our products is recorded at the fixed invoice amount, and payment is due by the 15 th day of the following month. We do not offer discounts for early payment. 
 Freight delivery generally represents pass-through transportation costs we incur (including our administrative costs) and pay to third-party carriers to deliver our products to customers and are accounted for as a fulfillment activity. Likewise, the costs related to freight delivery are included in cost of revenues. 
 Freight delivery revenues 1 
 ) ) ) ) Total revenues excluding freight delivery 
 1 Includes freight delivery to remote distribution sites. 
 CONSTRUCTION PAVING SERVICE REVENUES 
 Revenue from our asphalt construction paving business is recognized over time using the percentage-of-completion method under the cost approach. The percentage of completion is determined by costs incurred to date as a percentage of total costs estimated for the project. Under this approach, recognized contract revenue equals the total estimated contract revenue multiplied by the percentage of completion. Future revenues from unsatisfied performance obligations (including contracts with an expected duration of 1 year or less) at September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. The remaining period to complete the obligations at September 30, 2024 ranged from month to months. The increase in future revenues from unsatisfied performance obligations is primarily due to acquisitions completed during the second quarter of 2024 (refer to Note 16 for further information). 
 Our construction contracts are unit priced, and an account receivable is recorded for amounts invoiced based on actual units produced. Contract assets for estimated earnings in excess of billings, contract assets related to retainage provisions and contract liabilities for billings in excess of costs are immaterial. Variable consideration in our construction paving contracts is immaterial and consists of incentives and penalties based on the quality of work performed. Our construction paving contracts may contain warranty provisions covering defects in equipment, materials, design or workmanship that generally run from to after project completion. Due to the nature of our construction paving projects, including contract owner inspections of the work during construction and prior to acceptance, we have not experienced material warranty costs for these short-term warranties. 
 VOLUMETRIC PRODUCTION PAYMENT DEFERRED REVENUES 
 In 2013 and 2012, we sold a percentage interest in certain future aggregates production for net cash proceeds of million. These transactions, structured as volumetric production payments (VPPs): 
 relate to quarries in Georgia and South Carolina 
 provide the purchaser solely with a nonoperating percentage interest in the subject quarries future aggregates production 
 contain no minimum annual or cumulative guarantees by us for production or sales volume, nor minimum sales price 
 are both volume and time limited (we expect the transactions will last approximately more years, limited by volume rather than time) 
 We are the exclusive sales agent for, and transmit quarterly to the purchaser the proceeds from the sale of, the purchaser s share of aggregates production. Our consolidated total revenues exclude the revenue from the sale of the purchaser s share of aggregates. 
 10 

Revenue recognized from deferred revenue ) ) ) ) Deferred revenue balance at end of period 
 Based on expected sales from the specified quarries, we expect to recognize million of VPP deferred revenue as income during the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2025 (reflected in other current liabilities in our September 30, 2024 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet). 
 
 NOTE 5: 
 Total Level 2 Fair Value Interest rate swaps ) ) Rabbi Trust Money market mutual fund Total ) 
 We have Rabbi Trusts for the purpose of providing a level of security for the employee nonqualified retirement and deferred compensation plans and for the directors' nonqualified deferred compensation plans. The fair values of these investments are estimated using a market approach. The Level 1 investments include mutual funds for which quoted prices in active markets are available. Level 2 investments are stated at estimated fair value based on the underlying investments in the fund (high-quality, short-term, U.S. dollar-denominated money market instruments). 
 Net gains of the Rabbi Trusts investments were million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The portions of the net gains related to investments still held by the Rabbi Trusts at September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 Interest rate swaps are measured at fair value using quoted market prices or pricing models that use prevailing market interest rates as of the measurement date. These interest rate swaps are more fully described in Note 6. 
 The carrying values of our cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts and notes receivable, short-term debt, trade payables and accruals, and all other current liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. Additional disclosures for derivative instruments and interest-bearing debt are presented in Notes 6 and 7, respectively. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, net assets held for sale with a carrying value of million were written down to their estimated fair value less cost to sell of million, resulting in an impairment loss of million. The estimated fair value (Level 1 fair value measurement) was determined based on the expected proceeds from the probable sale of the disposal group. Refer to Note 16 for the major categories of assets and liabilities classified as held for sale. 
 11 

NOTE 6: 
 million of fixed-rate debt maturing in March 2026. Concurrently, we entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements designated as fair value hedges in the amount of million. Under these swap agreements, we received a fixed interest rate of (matched the fixed rate we paid on the million of debt) and paid daily compound Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus . These swap agreements terminated in March 2024, coinciding with the redemption of the debt. 
 The changes in the fair value of these swaps designated as fair value hedges were recorded in interest expense and were perfectly offset by changes in the fair value of the related debt also recorded in interest expense. 
 Interest rate swaps Other current/noncurrent liabilities ) ) Interest rate swaps net liability ) ) 

In 2007, 2018 and 2020, we entered into interest rate locks of future debt issuances to hedge the risk of higher interest rates. These interest rate locks were designated as cash flow hedges. The gain/loss upon settlement of these cash flow hedges is deferred (recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)) and amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt.) ) ) ) 
 For the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2025, we estimate that million of the million net of tax loss in AOCI will be reclassified to interest expense. 
 12 

NOTE 7: 
 Commercial paper expires 2027 1 
 Total short-term debt Bank line of credit expires 2027 1 
 Commercial paper expires 2027 1 
 notes due 2025 2 
 notes due 2026 
 notes due 2027 
 notes due 2030 
 notes due 2037 
 notes due 2047 
 notes due 2048 
 Other notes Total long-term debt - face value Unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs ) ) ) Fair value adjustments 3 
 ) ) Total long-term debt - book value Less current maturities ) ) ) Total long-term debt - reported value Estimated fair value of long-term debt 
 
 1 Borrowings on the bank line of credit and commercial paper are classified as short-term if we intend to repay within twelve months and as long-term if we have the intent and ability to extend payment beyond twelve months. 
 2 We have the intent and ability to refinance these notes due April 2025 on a long-term basis. 
 3 See Note 6 for additional information on our fair value hedging strategy. 
 Discounts and debt issuance costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the terms of the respective notes resulting in million and million of net interest expense for these items for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 DELAYED DRAW TERM LOAN, LINE OF CREDIT AND COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAM 
 In June 2021, we entered into a million unsecured delayed draw term loan which was fully drawn in August 2021 upon the acquisition of U.S. Concrete. The delayed draw term loan was paid down to million in September 2021 with cash on hand, paid down to million in August 2022 using the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper as described below and fully repaid in March 2023 using proceeds from the issuance of senior notes as described below. 
 In 2022, we established a million commercial paper program through which we borrowed million that was used to partially repay the delayed draw term loan. As of September 30, 2024, we had million in long-term commercial paper borrowings. Commercial paper borrowings bear interest at rates determined at the time of borrowing and as agreed between us and the commercial paper investors. 
 Our million unsecured line of credit matures in August 2027 and contains covenants customary for an unsecured investment-grade facility. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants. Borrowings on the line of credit bear interest, at our option, at either SOFR plus a margin or Truist Bank s base rate plus a margin. The margins are determined by our credit ratings. Standby letters of credit, which are issued under the line of credit and reduce availability, are charged a fee equal to the margin for SOFR borrowings plus . We also pay a commitment fee on the daily average unused amount of the line of credit that ranges from to determined by our credit ratings. As of September 30, 2024, the margin for SOFR borrowings was , the margin for base rate borrowings was and the commitment fee for the unused amount was . 
 As of September 30, 2024, our available borrowing capacity under the line of credit was million. Utilization of the borrowing capacity was as follows: 
 ne was borrowed 
 million was used to support standby letters of credit 
 13 

million (face value) of term debt (which includes million of commercial paper) is unsecured. All of the covenants in the debt agreements are customary for investment-grade facilities. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all term debt covenants. 
 In March 2023, we issued million of senior notes due 2026. Total proceeds of million (net of discounts and transaction costs), together with cash on hand, were used to repay the million delayed draw term loan. We redeemed these notes at par in March 2024 using cash on hand and recognized noncash expense of million with the acceleration of unamortized deferred debt issuance costs. 
 STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 We provide, in the normal course of business, certain third-party beneficiaries with standby letters of credit to support our obligations to pay or perform according to the requirements of an underlying agreement. Such letters of credit typically have an initial term of , renew automatically and can only be modified or canceled with the approval of the beneficiary. Our standby letters of credit are issued by banks that participate in our million line of credit and reduce the borrowing capacity thereunder. 
 Reclamation/restoration requirements Total standby letters of credit 

NOTE 8: 
 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 As summarized by purpose in Note 7, our standby letters of credit totaled million as of September 30, 2024. 
 As described in Note 9, our asset retirement obligations totaled million as of September 30, 2024. 
 LITIGATION AND ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 We are subject to occasional governmental proceedings and orders pertaining to occupational safety and health or to protection of the environment, such as proceedings or orders relating to noise abatement, air emissions or water discharges. As part of our continuing program of stewardship in safety, health and environmental matters, we have been able to resolve such proceedings and to comply with such orders without any material adverse effects on our business. 
 We have received notices from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or similar state or local agencies that we are considered a potentially responsible party (PRP) at a limited number of sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA or Superfund) or similar state and local environmental laws. Generally, we share the cost of remediation at these sites with other PRPs or alleged PRPs in accordance with negotiated or prescribed allocations. There is inherent uncertainty in determining the potential cost of remediating a given site and in determining any individual party's share in that cost. As a result, estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, remediation methods, other PRPs and their probable level of involvement, and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties. 
 We have reviewed the nature and extent of our involvement at each Superfund site, as well as potential obligations arising under other federal, state and local environmental laws. While ultimate resolution and financial liability is uncertain at a number of the sites, in our opinion, based on information currently available, the ultimate resolution of claims and assessments related to these sites will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows, although amounts recorded in a given period could be material to our results of operations or cash flows for that period. 
 Retained from former Chemicals business Total accrued environmental remediation costs 
 We are a defendant in various lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. It is not possible to determine with precision the outcome, or the amount of liability, if any, under these lawsuits, especially where the cases involve possible jury trials with as yet undetermined jury panels. 
 14 

other companies are parties (collectively the Cooperating Parties Group, CPG) to a May 2007 Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) with the EPA to perform a Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study (draft RI/FS) of the lower miles of the Passaic River (River). The draft RI/FS was submitted recommending a targeted hot spot remedy; however, the EPA issued a record of decision (ROD) in March 2016 that calls for a bank-to-bank dredging remedy for the lower miles of the River. The EPA estimates that the cost of implementing this proposal is billion. In September 2016, the EPA entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with Occidental Chemical Corporation (Occidental) in which Occidental agreed to undertake the remedial design for this bank-to-bank dredging remedy and to reimburse the United States for certain response costs. 
 Efforts to investigate and remediate the River have been underway for many years and have involved hundreds of entities that have had operations on or near the River at some point during the past several decades. We formerly owned a chemicals operation near the mouth of the River, which was sold in 1974. The major risk drivers in the River have been identified to include dioxins, PCBs, DDx and mercury. We did not manufacture any of these risk drivers and have no evidence that any of these were discharged into the River by Vulcan. 
 In August 2017, the EPA informed certain members of the CPG, including Vulcan and others, that it planned to use the services of a third-party allocator with the expectation of offering cash-out settlements to some parties in connection with the bank-to-bank remedy identified in the ROD. This voluntary allocation process established an impartial third-party expert recommendation for use by the government and the participants as the basis of possible settlements, including settlements related to future remediation actions. The final allocation recommendations, which are subject to confidentiality provisions, were submitted to the EPA for its review and consideration in late December 2020. Certain PRPs, including Vulcan, thereafter received a joint confidential settlement demand from the EPA/Department of Justice (DOJ). Vulcan and certain of the other PRPs that received the joint confidential settlement demand (the Settling Defendants) reached an agreement to settle with the EPA/DOJ and negotiated a Consent Decree. The Consent Decree has been lodged with the court. Vulcan s portion of the settlement is within the immaterial loss recorded for this matter in 2015. 
 In July 2018, Vulcan, along with more than other defendants, was sued by Occidental in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Newark Vicinage. Occidental is seeking cost recovery and contribution under CERCLA for costs related to the River. This lawsuit is currently stayed pending adjudication of the Consent Decree. In another related proceeding, Occidental filed a lawsuit in March 2023 against Vulcan and other defendants in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Newark Vicinage seeking cost recovery and contribution under CERCLA for costs related to the upper 9 miles of the River. It is unknown at this time how the settlement and approval of the Consent Decree with the EPA/DOJ would affect the Occidental lawsuits. 
 TEXAS BRINE MATTER (DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS) During operation of its former Chemicals Division, Vulcan leased the right to mine salt out of an underground salt dome formation in Assumption Parish, Louisiana from 1976 - 2005. Throughout that period, Texas Brine Company (Texas Brine) was the operator contracted by Vulcan to mine and deliver the salt as brine. We sold our Chemicals Division in 2005 and transferred our rights and interests related to the salt and mining operations to the purchaser, a subsidiary of Occidental Chemical Company (Occidental), and we have had no association with the leased premises or Texas Brine since that time. In August 2012, a sinkhole developed in the vicinity of the Texas Brine mining operations. Numerous lawsuits were filed thereafter in state court in Assumption Parish, Louisiana. Other lawsuits, including class action litigation, were filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana in New Orleans. 
 In these lawsuits, the main plaintiffs sued numerous defendants, including Texas Brine, Occidental and Vulcan, alleging various damages including, but not limited to, property damages; a claim by the State of Louisiana for response costs and civil penalties; physical damages to oil and gas pipelines and storage facilities (pipelines); and business interruption losses. All such claims have been settled except for the claims by the State of Louisiana. Our insurers to date have funded these settlements in excess of our self-insured retention amount. 
 Additionally, Texas Brine, Occidental and Vulcan sued each other in various state and federal court forums. Vulcan and Occidental have since dismissed all of their claims against one another; Texas Brine and Occidental have settled their claims against each other; and Texas Brine s and Vulcan s claims against each other are pending in state and federal court. In general, Texas Brine alleges that the sinkhole was caused, in whole or in part, by our negligent or fraudulent actions or failure to act; that we breached the salt lease with Occidental, as well as an operating agreement and related contracts with Texas Brine; that we were strictly liable for certain property damages in our capacity as a former lessee of the salt lease; and that we violated the agreement under which we sold our Chemicals Division to Occidental. Texas Brine s claims against Vulcan include claims for past and future response costs, lost profits and investment costs, indemnity payments, attorneys fees, other litigation costs, and judicial interests. Texas Brine also recently filed a lawsuit against Vulcan seeking indemnity for potential exposure Texas Brine may have to Occidental in the related arbitration, the State of Louisiana, and for ongoing and future Louisiana regulatory matters. In August 2022, we removed the lawsuit to federal court. 
 15 

cases brought by pipeline companies claiming damages to their facilities as a result of the sinkhole. This Phase 1 trial was limited in scope to comparative fault and liability for causing the sinkhole. In December 2017, the trial court issued a ruling allocating fault as follows: Occidental , Texas Brine (and its wholly-owned subsidiary) and Vulcan . In December 2020, the Louisiana Court of Appeal, First Circuit reversed the judgment in part in of the jointly tried cases, allocating of the fault to Texas Brine (and its wholly-owned subsidiary); to Occidental; and affirming the fault allocation to Vulcan. In May 2021 and April 2022, the Court of Appeal issued judgments in the other two pipeline cases, adopting the same fault allocation. The Louisiana Supreme Court has declined to review the judgments, resulting in final judgments regarding fault allocations in those matters. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we recorded an immaterial loss related to the claims brought by Texas Brine. In August 2022, Vulcan and Texas Brine commenced a joint Phase 2 bench trial in the same pipeline cases where fault was allocated. Prior to trial, the trial court granted various motions by Vulcan seeking dismissal of Texas Brine s contract-based claims and hundreds of millions of dollars in alleged damages. Thus, the Phase 2 trial addressed the claims that remained pending between Texas Brine and Vulcan after that motion practice. During the Phase 2 trial, Texas Brine and Vulcan reached a negotiated joint stipulation as to the amount of Texas Brine s damages for its surviving tort claims at issue in the trial. After applying Vulcan s fault allocation, Vulcan s stipulated financial responsibility for the damages at issue in the trial is within the immaterial loss recorded during the second quarter of 2022. I n December 2022, the trial court entered a judgment in the pipeline cases reflecting this stipulation. Texas Brine moved to assess all trial costs against Vulcan. Texas Brine and Vulcan thereafter reached a settlement, wherein Vulcan agreed to pay a portion of Texas Brine's trial costs, the amount of which was within the remaining immaterial loss recorded in the second quarter of 2022. 
 The December 2022 Phase 2 judgment did not address numerous of Texas Brine s claims seeking hundreds of millions of dollars in damages that were dismissed prior to trial. Texas Brine has appealed those judgments. We cannot at this time reasonably estimate the range of liability, if any, that could result if an appellate court reverses any of the trial court s decisions. At this time, we also cannot reasonably estimate a range of liability pertaining to the claims brought by the State of Louisiana. 
 1,1,1-TRICHLOROETHANE LITIGATION (DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS) During the operation of our former Chemicals Division, which was divested to Occidental in 2005, Vulcan manufactured a chlorinated solvent known as 1,1,1-trichloroethane. Vulcan faces liabilities related to 1,1,1-trichloroethane stabilized with 1,4-dioxane ("TCA"). We are one of the defendants in cases filed in both state and federal courts, including one case filed by the State of New Jersey. According to the various complaints, the plaintiffs seek damages including, but not limited to, unspecified compensatory damages associated with the remediation of water wells allegedly contaminated with 1,4-dioxane, natural resource damages, disgorgement of profits from the sale of TCA, punitive damages, as well as penalties and attorney's fees under various statutes. We will vigorously defend these cases on substantive and procedural grounds. At this time, we cannot determine the likelihood of loss, or reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, pertaining to the above-referenced cases. 
 HEWITT LANDFILL MATTER (SUPERFUND SITE) In September 2015, the Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board (RWQCB) issued a Cleanup and Abatement Order directing Calmat Co., a Vulcan subsidiary (hereinafter "Vulcan") to assess, monitor, cleanup, and abate wastes that have been discharged to soil, soil vapor, and/or groundwater at the former Hewitt Landfill in Los Angeles. 
 Following an onsite and offsite investigation and pilot scale testing, the RWQCB approved a corrective action that includes leachate recovery, storm water capture and conveyance improvements, and a groundwater pump, treat and reinjection system. Certain on-site source control measures have been implemented, and the new treatment system is fully operational. Currently-anticipated costs of these on-site source control activities have been fully accrued. 
 We are also engaged in an ongoing dialogue with the EPA, Honeywell, and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP) regarding the potential contribution of the Hewitt Landfill to groundwater contamination in the North Hollywood Operable Unit (NHOU) of the San Fernando Valley Superfund Site. 
 The EPA and Vulcan entered into an AOC and Statement of Work having an effective date of September 2017 for the design of extraction wells south of the Hewitt Landfill to protect the North Hollywood West (NHW) well field located within the NHOU. In November 2017, we submitted a Pre-Design Investigation (PDI) Work Plan to the EPA, which sets forth the activities and schedule for collection of data in support of our evaluation of the need for an offsite remedy. In addition, this evaluation was expanded as part of the PDI to include the evaluation of a remedy in light of LADWP s Rinaldi-Toluca (RT) wellfield project. PDI investigative activities were completed between the first and third quarters of 2018, and in December 2018 we submitted a Draft PDI Evaluation Report to the EPA. The Draft PDI Evaluation Report summarizes data collection activities conducted pursuant to the Draft PDI Work Plan and provides model updates and evaluation of remediation alternatives for offsite areas. The EPA provided a final set of comments to the Draft PDI Evaluation Report in October 2020. The final set of comments included a request that Vulcan revise and develop a final PDI Evaluation Report. The final comments further provided a proposal for an alternative approach for offsite remediation (as opposed to installation of offsite extraction wells) and development of a Supplemental PDI Evaluation Report (Supplemental Report) that would require the EPA to modify the remedy in the record of decision as it relates to the Hewitt Landfill. In December 2020, we submitted the Final PDI Evaluation Report, which included responses to the EPA s comments. 
 At the EPA's request, we submitted a Supplemental Report in March 2023 and an Alternative Design Work Plan (ADWP) in May 2023. Similar to the PDI Evaluation Report, the Supplemental Report and ADWP identified expansion of the onsite Hewitt remedy in conjunction with the offsite treatment being performed by LADWP as the preferred option for addressing contamination in offsite areas, instead of the wells proposed by the EPA. In conjunction with its review of the Supplemental Report, the EPA held an initial meeting with stakeholders, including LADWP, in November 2023 and has requested additional meetings to determine a path forward. 
 16 

million in costs to resolve its liability to the EPA and that it estimates that it will spend in excess of million to construct and operate its water treatment system. Honeywell seeks an "equitable share of necessary response costs" from the defendants. Discussions are ongoing with Honeywell regarding the reasonable costs Honeywell has incurred. We are also gathering and analyzing data and developing technical information to determine the extent of possible contribution by the Hewitt Landfill to the groundwater contamination in the area. Based on this technical information, we have accrued an immaterial amount for our contribution of costs anticipated to be incurred by Honeywell. This work is also intended to assist in identification of other PRPs that may have contributed to groundwater contamination in the area. 
 Further, LADWP is constructing new production and treatment facilities at city wellfields located near the Hewitt Landfill the NHW wellfield and the RT wellfield (also referred to as the NHW treatment system and North Hollywood Central (NHC) treatment system, respectively). LADWP has alleged that the Hewitt Landfill is one of the primary sources of contamination at the NHW treatment system and one of the sources of contamination at the NHC treatment system. According to information available on the California State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) website, the capital cost of the NHW treatment system is estimated at million, and the capital cost of the NHC treatment system is estimated at million. The systems are expected to commence operations in 2024 for NHW and 2025 for NHC and will thereafter incur costs for operation and maintenance. LADWP has applied for and received substantial funding to contribute to both treatment systems from grants of Proposition 1 bond funding from the SWRCB. According to information available on the SWRCB website, the bond money obtained for the NHW treatment system is million, and the bond money obtained for the NHC treatment system is million. 
 We anticipate continued discussions with LADWP regarding its potential claims. In conjunction with those discussions, we are engaging in further efforts to gather and analyze records and data in order to assess the extent of possible contribution by the Hewitt Landfill to the groundwater contamination in the area, consistent with the parallel request by the EPA, and the reasonableness of LADWP s remediation efforts. This work is also intended to assist in identification of other PRPs that may have contributed to groundwater contamination in the area of the NHW and RT wellfields. Together, these efforts will allow us to analyze our anticipated equitable contribution to LADWP s remediation efforts. Among other factors, we anticipate that any equitable contribution should take into account the on-site source control and other measures implemented by Vulcan at the former Hewitt Landfill, the relative contribution and duration of any contaminants originating from the Hewitt Landfill to the LADWP systems, and the cost effectiveness of the LADWP systems. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of a loss to Vulcan pertaining to LADWP s potential contribution claim. 
 NAFTA ARBITRATION In September 2018, our subsidiary Legacy Vulcan, LLC (Legacy Vulcan), on its own behalf, and on behalf of our Mexican subsidiary Calizas Industriales del Carmen, S.A. de C.V. (Calica), served the United Mexican States (Mexico) a Notice of Intent to Submit a Claim to Arbitration under Chapter 11 of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). This NAFTA claim relates to the treatment of a portion of our quarrying operations in Quintana Roo, Mexico arising from, among other measures, Mexico s failure to comply with a legally binding zoning agreement and relates to other unfair, arbitrary and capricious actions by Mexico s environmental enforcement agency. We assert that these actions are in breach of Mexico s international obligations under NAFTA and international law. 
 As required by Article 1118 of NAFTA, we sought to settle this dispute with Mexico through consultations. Notwithstanding our good faith efforts to resolve the dispute amicably, we were unable to do so and filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) in December 2018. In January 2019, ICSID registered our Request for Arbitration. 
 A hearing on the merits took place in July 2021. While we awaited the final resolution from the tribunal, we continued to engage with government officials to pursue an amicable resolution of the dispute. On May 5, 2022, Mexican government officials unexpectedly and arbitrarily shut down Calica s remaining operations in Mexico. On May 8, 2022, Legacy Vulcan filed an application in the NAFTA arbitration seeking provisional measures and leave to file an ancillary claim in connection with this latest shutdown (see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Known Trends or Uncertainties). In July 2022, the NAFTA arbitration tribunal granted Legacy Vulcan s application and ordered Mexico not to take any action that might further aggravate the dispute between the parties or render the resolution of the dispute potentially more difficult. A hearing on the merits of the ancillary claim took place in August 2023. We expect that the NAFTA arbitration tribunal will issue a decision on the claim and ancillary claim by the end of the first quarter of 2025. 
 At this time, there can be no assurance whether we will be successful in our NAFTA claim and ancillary claim, and we cannot quantify the amount we may recover, if any, under this arbitration proceeding if we are successful. 
 It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these and other legal proceedings in which we are involved, and a number of factors, including developments in ongoing discovery or adverse rulings, or the verdict of a particular jury, could cause actual losses to differ materially from accrued costs. liability was recorded for claims and litigation for which a loss was determined to be only reasonably possible or for which a loss could not be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in defense of lawsuits are expensed as incurred. In addition, losses on certain claims and litigation described above may be subject to limitations on a per occurrence basis by excess insurance, as described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 17 

NOTE 9: 
 Depreciation Total ARO operating costs 
 ARO operating costs are reported in cost of revenues. AROs are reported within other noncurrent liabilities in our accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) ) ) Accretion expense Revisions, net ARO balance at end of period 
 ARO revisions during the first nine months of 2024 primarily related to cost adjustments at numerous sites. 
 18 

NOTE 10: 
 qualified, noncontributory defined benefit pension plans, the Vulcan Materials Company Pension Plan (VMC Pension Plan) and the CMG Hourly Pension Plan (CMG Pension Plan). The VMC Pension Plan has been closed to new entrants since 2007, and benefit accruals ceased in 2005 for hourly participants and in 2013 for salaried participants. The CMG Pension Plan is closed to new entrants other than through one small union, and benefits continue to accrue equal to a flat dollar amount for each year of service. In addition to these qualified plans, we sponsor unfunded, nonqualified pension plans. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic pension benefit cost Pretax amortization from AOCI 
 The contributions to pension plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, pertain to benefit payments under nonqualified plans for both periods and a qualified plan contribution of million in the third quarter of 2024. 
 POSTRETIREMENT PLANS 
 In addition to pension benefits, we provide certain healthcare and life insurance benefits for some retired employees. Substantially all of our salaried employees and, where applicable, certain of our hourly employees may become eligible for these benefits if they reach a qualifying age and meet certain service requirements. Generally, Company-provided healthcare benefits end when covered individuals become eligible for Medicare benefits, become eligible for other group insurance coverage or reach age , whichever occurs first. 
 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net periodic postretirement benefit cost Pretax amortization from AOCI 
 ) 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS 
 In addition to our pension and postretirement plans, we sponsor defined contribution plans. Substantially all salaried and non-union hourly employees are eligible to be covered by one of these plans. Under these plans, we match employees eligible contributions at established rates. Expense recognized in connection with these matching obligations totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 19 

NOTE 11:) ) ) Pension and postretirement plans ) ) ) Total ) ) )) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Total Amortization of Accumulated Benefit Plan Costs 
 Other nonoperating expense Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Total Total reclassifications from AOCI to earnings 
 20 

NOTE 12: 
 per share, of which shares may be issued. Holders of our common stock are entitled to vote per share. We may also issue shares of preferred stock, but shares have been issued. The terms and provisions of such shares will be determined by our Board of Directors upon any issuance of preferred shares in accordance with our Certificate of Incorporation. 
 There were shares held in treasury as of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023. 
 Total purchase price 1 
 Average price per share 

As of September 30, 2024, shares may be purchased under the current authorization of our Board of Directors. 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan Share-based compensation plans, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Share-based compensation expense Cash dividends on common stock 
 / / / per share, respectively) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at end of period Noncontrolling Interest Balance at beginning of period Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest Balance at end of period Total Equity Balance at end of period 
 
 21 

NOTE 13: 
 operating (and reportable) segments organized around our principal product lines: Aggregates, Asphalt and Concrete. The vast majority of our activities are domestic. We sell a relatively small amount of construction aggregates outside the United States. Our Asphalt and Concrete segments are primarily supplied with their aggregates requirements from our Aggregates segment. These intersegment sales are made at local market prices for the particular grade and quality of product used in the production of asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete and are excluded from total revenues. Management reviews earnings from these reporting segments principally at the gross profit level. 
 Asphalt 2 
 Concrete 3 
 Segment sales Aggregates intersegment sales ) ) ) ) Total revenues Gross Profit Aggregates Asphalt Concrete 3 
 Total Depreciation, Depletion, Accretion and Amortization 
 Aggregates Asphalt Concrete 3 
 Other Total Identifiable Assets 4 
 Aggregates Asphalt Concrete 3 
 Total identifiable assets General corporate assets Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Total assets 
 1 Includes product sales (crushed stone, sand and gravel, sand and other aggregates), freight delivery costs that we pass along to our customers, and service revenues (see Note 4) related to aggregates. 
 2 Includes product sales as well as service revenues (see Note 4) from our asphalt construction paving business. 
 3 The decreases in the Concrete segment are primarily due to the divestiture of concrete operations in Texas in November 2023 (see Note 16) as well as a third quarter 2024 goodwill impairment charge (see Note 15). 
 4 Certain temporarily idled assets are included within a segment's Identifiable Assets, but the associated Depreciation, Depletion, Accretion and Amortization (DDA A) is shown within Other in the DDA A section above as the related DDA A is excluded from segment gross profit. 

22 

NOTE 14: 
 Income taxes Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Accruals for purchases of property, plant equipment Note received from sale of business Recognition of new and revised lease obligations for Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets 
 
 NOTE 15: 
 million noncash impairment charge. There was charge for goodwill impairment in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Accumulated goodwill impairment losses amount to million million in our former Cement segment and million in our Concrete segment). 
 Goodwill of acquired businesses 1 
 Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Goodwill at September 30, 2024 
 1 See Note 16 for acquisitions. 
 23 

NOTE 16: 
 million: 
 Alabama aggregates, asphalt mix and construction paving operations 
 California asphalt terminal operations 
 North Carolina aggregates operations 
 Texas asphalt mix and construction paving operations 
 The 2024 acquisitions above are reported in our consolidated financial statements as of their respective acquisition dates. None of these acquisitions were material to our results of operations either individually or collectively, and acquisition related expenses were immaterial. 
 Total fair value of purchase consideration Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories Property, plant equipment Intangible assets Contractual rights in place Other liabilities assumed ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill 
 As a result of the 2024 acquisitions, we recognized million of amortizable intangible assets and million of goodwill. The amortizable intangible assets will be amortized against earnings over a weighted-average of years and will be deductible for income tax purposes over years. The million of goodwill recognized represents synergies expected to be realized from acquiring an established business with assets that have been assembled over a long period of time; the collection of those assets combined with our assets can earn a higher rate of return than either individually. All of the goodwill recognized will be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 In September 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wake Stone Corporation. This acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 
 2023 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS For the full year 2023, we completed no business acquisitions. 
 24 

significant divestitures through the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In 2023, we sold: 
 Fourth quarter concrete operations in Texas resulting in a third quarter impairment charge of million and a fourth quarter loss on sale of million (the assets were written down to estimated fair value less cost to sell in the third quarter) 
 Fourth quarter excess real estate in Virginia resulting in a pretax gain of million 
 Second quarter real estate associated with a former recycled concrete facility in Illinois resulting in a pretax gain of million 
 material assets met the criteria for held for sale at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The probable divestiture of our concrete operations in Texas was presented as assets held for sale in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2023. 
 Land and land improvements, net Buildings, machinery and equipment, net Operating leases, net Finance leases, net Amortizable intangible assets, net Goodwill Reserve for assets held for sale ) Total assets held for sale Current operating lease liabilities ) Current finance lease liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities ) Noncurrent finance lease liabilities Total liabilities held for sale ) 
 
 NOTE 17: 
 25 

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

GENERAL COMMENTS 
 OVERVIEW 
 We provide the basic materials for the infrastructure needed to maintain and expand the U.S. economy. We operate primarily in the U.S. and are the nation's largest supplier of construction aggregates (primarily crushed stone, sand and gravel) and a major producer of aggregates-intensive downstream products such as asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete. Our strategy and competitive advantage are based on our strength in aggregates which are used in most types of construction and in the production of asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete. 
 Demand for our products is dependent on construction activity and correlates positively with changes in population, employment and household formations. End uses include public construction (e.g., highways, bridges, buildings, airports, schools, prisons, sewer and waste disposal systems, water supply systems, dams, reservoirs and other public construction projects), private nonresidential construction (e.g., manufacturing, retail, offices and warehouses) and private residential construction (e.g., single-family houses, duplexes, apartment buildings and condominiums). 
 Aggregates have a very high weight-to-price ratio and, in most cases, must be produced near where they are used; if not, transportation can cost more than the materials, rendering them uncompetitive compared to locally produced materials. Exceptions to this typical market structure include areas along the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Eastern Seaboard where there are limited supplies of locally available, high-quality aggregates. We serve these markets from quarries that have access to cost-effective long-haul transportation, including shipping by barge, rail and our fleet of Panamax-class, self-unloading ships. Additionally, we serve markets in California and Hawaii from our quarry in British Columbia, Canada by means of a long-term marine shipping agreement with CSL Americas. 
 There are limited substitutes for quality aggregates. Due to zoning and permitting regulations and high transportation costs relative to the value of the product, the location of reserves is a critical factor to our long-term success. 
 No material part of our business depends upon any single customer whose loss would have a significant adverse effect on our business. In 2023, our five largest customers accounted for less than 8 of our total revenues, and no single customer accounted for more than 3 of our total revenues. Although approximately 40 to 55 of our aggregates shipments have historically been used in publicly-funded construction, such as highways, airports and government buildings, a relatively small portion of our sales are made directly to federal, state, county or municipal governments/agencies. Therefore, although reductions in state and federal funding can curtail publicly-funded construction, the vast majority of our business is not directly subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts with local, state or federal governments. In addition, our sales to government entities span several hundred entities coast-to-coast, ensuring that negative changes to various government budgets would have a muted impact across such a diversified set of government customers. 
 While aggregates is our focus and primary business, we believe vertical integration between aggregates and downstream products, such as asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete, can be managed effectively in certain markets to generate attractive financial returns and enhance financial returns in our core Aggregates segment. We produce and sell aggregates-intensive asphalt mix and/or ready-mixed concrete products in our Alabama, Arizona, California, Maryland, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, U.S. Virgin Islands and Washington D.C. markets. Aggregates comprise approximately 95 of asphalt mix by weight and 80 of ready-mixed concrete by weight. In both of these downstream businesses, aggregates are primarily supplied from our operations. 
 SEASONALITY AND CYCLICAL NATURE OF OUR BUSINESS 
 Almost all of our products are produced and consumed outdoors. Seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions can affect the production and sales volume of our products. Therefore, the financial results for any quarter do not necessarily indicate the results expected for the year. Normally, the highest sales and earnings are in the third quarter, and the lowest are in the first quarter. Furthermore, our sales and earnings are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions, demographic and population fluctuations, and particularly to cyclical swings in construction spending, primarily in the private sector. 
 26 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THIRD QUARTER 2024 
 Compared to third quarter of 2023: 
 Total revenues decreased 181.9 million, or 8 , to 2,003.9 million 
 Gross profit decreased 25.8 million, or 4 , to 565.2 million 
 Aggregates segment sales decreased 56.0 million, or 3 , to 1,572.4 million 
 Aggregates segment freight-adjusted revenues decreased 7.7 million, or 1 , to 1,228.0 million 
 Shipments decreased 10 , or 6.3 million tons, to 57.7 million tons 
 Freight-adjusted sales price increased 10.2 , or 1.96 per ton, to 21.27 
 Aggregates segment gross profit decreased 10.6 million, or 2 , to 498.5 million 
 Unit profitability (as measured by gross profit per ton) increased 9 to 8.63 per ton 
 Asphalt and Concrete segment gross profit decreased 15.2 million to 66.7 million, collectively 
 Selling, administrative and general (SAG) expenses decreased 14.8 million (20 basis points as a percentage of total revenues) 
 Operating earnings decreased 81.8 million, or 20 , to 337.1 million 
 Earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations were 1.57 per diluted share compared to 2.09 per diluted share 
 Adjusted earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations were 2.22 per diluted share compared to 2.29 per diluted share 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan were 207.6 million, a decrease of 68.9 million, or 25 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 580.6 million, a decrease of 21.6 million, or 4 
 Returned capital to shareholders via dividends of 60.8 million at 0.46 per share versus 57.2 million at 0.43 per share 
 Results and activities in the third quarter evidence the consistent execution of our two-pronged strategy to generate durable growth. We continue to enhance our core through expansion of our aggregates gross profit per ton, which increased 9 in the third quarter. In addition, our industry-leading cash gross profit per ton increased 10 in the third quarter and has grown by double-digits for eight consecutive quarters. We also recently announced the acquisition of Wake Stone Corporation, a leading pure-play aggregates producer, that will expand our reach in high-growth geographies in the Carolinas. Our Vulcan Way of Selling and Vulcan Way of Operating disciplines remain fundamental to compounding profitability across our franchise and successfully integrating new operations. 
 Capital expenditures, including maintenance and growth projects, were 104.3 million in the third quarter and 402.2 million on a year-to-date basis. During 2024, we expect to spend between 625 million and 650 million on maintenance and growth projects. During the quarter, we returned 60.8 million to shareholders through dividends, a 6 increase versus the prior year. 
 Interest expense, net of interest income, was 38.4 million in the third quarter compared with 46.6 million in the prior year. 
 We remain well positioned for continued growth with a strong liquidity position and balance sheet profile. As of September 30, 2024, the ratio of total debt to trailing-twelve months Adjusted EBITDA was 1.7 times, below our stated long-term target leverage range of 2.0 to 2.5 times. On a trailing twelve months basis, return on invested capital improved 70 basis points over the prior year to 16.1 . 
 The acquisition of Wake Stone Corporation is consistent with our disciplined capital allocation priorities and aggregates-led strategy of continuing to expand our reach to better serve more high-growth regions in the United States, most notably with this transaction in Raleigh, North Carolina. The acquisition is expected to provide more than 60 years of quality hard rock reserves. We expect to close the transaction during the fourth quarter of this year, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 
 OUTLOOK 
 While significant weather disruptions have impacted construction activity through the first nine months of the year, overall demand fundamentals continue to underpin long-term growth. The pricing environment remains positive, and we continue to execute well. Given the decline in shipments to date and continued weather events so far in the fourth quarter, we now expect full-year Adjusted EBITDA of approximately 2,000 million. 
 As we look to 2025, we expect aggregates price to improve high-single digits, costs to benefit from moderating inflation and our Vulcan Way of Operating discipline, and most importantly cash gross profit per ton to continue expanding at double-digit levels. A demand backdrop underpinned by growth in public construction activity and an improving private demand environment should lead to volume growth in 2025. Our steadfast focus to execute at the highest level both commercially and operationally positions us well to capitalize on improving volume and grow earnings. 

27 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Total revenues are primarily derived from our product sales of aggregates, asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete, and include freight delivery costs that we pass along to our customers to deliver these products. We also generate service revenues from our asphalt construction paving business and services related to our aggregates business. We present separately our discontinued operations, which consist of our former Chemicals business. 
 The following table highlights significant components of our consolidated operating results including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions, except per share and per unit data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues 2,003.9 2,185.8 5,564.0 5,947.6 Cost of revenues (1,438.7) (1,594.8) (4,101.6) (4,471.3) Gross profit 565.2 591.0 1,462.4 1,476.3 Gross profit margin 28.2 27.0 26.3 24.8 Selling, administrative and general expenses (129.1) (143.9) (393.0) (400.4) SAG as a percentage of total revenues 6.4 6.6 7.1 6.7 Gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses 0.2 4.3 4.6 22.8 Loss on impairments (86.6) (28.3) (86.6) (28.3) Operating earnings 337.1 418.9 963.5 1,057.3 Interest expense, net (38.4) (46.6) (117.7) (142.2) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 
 294.9 365.9 833.1 909.8 Income tax expense (85.2) (85.8) (208.5) (194.4) Effective tax rate from continuing operations 28.9 23.4 25.0 21.4 Earnings from continuing operations 209.7 280.1 624.6 715.4 Loss on discontinued operations, net of tax (1.3) (2.8) (5.0) (8.6) Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest (0.8) (0.8) (1.4) (1.0) Net earnings attributable to Vulcan 207.6 276.5 618.2 705.8 Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Vulcan Continuing operations 1.57 2.09 4.68 5.34 Discontinued operations (0.01) (0.02) (0.03) (0.06) Net earnings 1.56 2.07 4.65 5.28 EBITDA 1 
 491.3 569.0 1,411.0 1,503.8 Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 580.6 602.2 1,507.1 1,535.1 Average Sales Price and Unit Shipments Aggregates Tons 57.7 64.0 166.0 179.2 Freight-adjusted sales price 21.27 19.31 20.98 18.92 Asphalt Mix Tons 4.1 4.0 10.2 10.1 Average sales price 80.88 76.22 79.42 75.37 Ready-mixed concrete Cubic yards 0.9 2.1 2.7 6.0 Average sales price 185.61 169.98 182.88 165.27 
 1 Non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled within this Item 2 under the caption Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 28 

THIRD QUARTER 2024 COMPARED TO THIRD QUARTER 2023 
 Third quarter 2024 total revenues were 2,003.9 million, down 8 from the third quarter of 2023. Shipments decreased in aggregates (-10 ), decreased in ready-mixed concrete (-56 and increased in asphalt mix (+1 ). Gross profit decreased in the Aggregates segment (- 10.6 million or 2 and increased in the Asphalt segment (+ 4.3 million or 8 ). Concrete segment gross profit decreased by 19.5 million (-75 in part as a result of the divestiture of our operations in Texas in November 2023 (see Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements). 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the third quarter of 2024 were 207.6 million, or 1.56 per diluted share, compared to 276.5 million, or 2.07 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2023. Each period s results were impacted by discrete items, as follows: 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the third quarter of 2024 include: 
 pretax charges of 86.6 million associated with a goodwill impairment 
 pretax charges of 0.8 million associated with non-routine acquisitions 
 pretax loss on discontinued operations of 1.8 million 
 1.9 million of tax charges related to a valuation allowance against Calica deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the third quarter of 2023 include: 
 pretax charges of 28.3 million associated with long-lived asset impairments 
 pretax charges of 1.2 million associated with non-routine acquisitions 
 pretax loss on discontinued operations of 3.8 million 
 5.0 million of tax charges related to a valuation allowance against Calica deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards 
 Adjusted for these discrete items, earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations (Adjusted Diluted EPS) was 2.22 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.29 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2023. 
 CONTINUING OPERATIONS Changes in earnings from continuing operations before income taxes for the third quarter of 2024 versus the third quarter of 2023 are summarized below: 
 in millions Third quarter 2023 
 365.9 Lower aggregates gross profit 
 (10.6) Higher asphalt gross profit 4.3 Lower concrete gross profit (19.5) Lower selling, administrative and general expenses 14.8 Lower gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses (4.1) Higher impairment charges 
 (58.3) Lower interest expense, net 8.2 All other (5.8) Third quarter 2024 
 294.9 
 Third quarter Aggregates segment gross profit decreased 2 to 498.5 million (increased 9 to 8.63 on a per ton basis), and gross profit margin expanded 40 basis points. Cash gross profit per ton increased 10 to 10.89 per ton, despite lower shipments and harsh weather conditions throughout the quarter. Improvements in unit profitability were widespread across our footprint. 
 Aggregates shipments decreased 10 compared to the prior year. Shipments across the Southeast were impacted by significant rainfall in July, followed by numerous hurricanes and severe storms in August and September. The prior year's third quarter included fewer severe weather events. 
 The pricing environment remained positive across our footprint. Freight-adjusted selling prices increased 10.2 , as compared to the prior year. Freight-adjusted unit cash cost of sales was negatively impacted by lower volume and challenging, weather-affected operating conditions; freight-adjusted cash cost of sales dollars remained flat compared to the prior year. 
 Overall, non-aggregates segments gross profit of 66.7 million was 15.2 million lower than the prior year s third quarter. 
 Asphalt segment gross profit of 60.2 million was up 4.3 million from the prior year s third quarter, and cash gross profit of 72.2 million was a 12 improvement over the prior year. Asphalt mix shipments increased 1 , and pricing increased 6.1 . 
 Concrete segment gross profit of 6.5 million was down 19.5 million from the prior year's third quarter, and cash gross profit of 17.4 million was a 63 decrease from the prior year. The prior year's third quarter included results from the previously divested operations in Texas which accounted for the majority of the year-over-year decline in cash gross profit. 
 SAG expense was 129.1 million for the third quarter compared to 143.9 million in the prior year. As a percent of total revenues, SAG expense was 6.4 in the third quarter, a 20 basis point improvement compared to the prior year. 
 Gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses was 0.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 29 

During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded an 86.6 million pretax goodwill impairment charge related to a reporting unit that includes concrete operations acquired from U.S. Concrete in 2021 84.2 million after tax). During the third quarter of 2023, our concrete assets in Texas were classified as held for sale, resulting in a pretax long-lived asset impairment charge of 28.3 million 21.1 million after tax). 
 Other operating income (expense), net which is composed primarily of idle facilities expense, environmental remediation costs, gain (loss) on settlement of AROs, finance charges collected and net rental income (expense), was 12.6 million of expense for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.2 million of expense in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Other nonoperating income (expense), net was 3.8 million of expense for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 6.4 million of expense in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net interest expense was 38.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 46.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations was 85.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 85.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. The tax expense is comparable to the amount recorded in the third quarter of 2023, as the reduction in pretax earnings in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to a goodwill impairment, the majority of which was non-tax deductible. 
 Earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations were 1.57 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.09 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2023. 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Third quarter pretax loss from discontinued operations was 1.8 million in 2024 compared with a pretax loss of 3.8 million in 2023. Both periods include charges related to general and product liability costs, including legal defense costs, and environmental remediation costs associated with our former Chemicals business. For additional details, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements under the caption Discontinued Operations. 
 30 

YEAR-TO-DATE SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED TO YEAR-TO-DATE SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 Total revenues for the first nine months of 2024 were 5,564.0 million, down 6 from the first nine months of 2023. Shipments decreased in aggregates (-7 ), decreased in ready-mixed concrete (-55 and increased in asphalt mix (+1 ). Gross profit increased in the Aggregates (+ 18.0 million or 1 and Asphalt (+ 10.6 million or 9 segments. Concrete segment gross profit decreased by 42.5 million (-84 in part as a result of the divestiture of our operations in Texas in November 2023 (see Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements). 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the first nine months of 2024 were 618.2 million, or 4.65 per diluted share, compared to 705.8 million, or 5.28 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2023. Each period s results were impacted by discrete items, as follows: 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the first nine months of 2024 include: 
 pretax charges of 86.6 million associated with a goodwill impairment 
 pretax charges of 1.0 million associated with divested operations 
 pretax charges of 1.8 million associated with non-routine acquisitions 
 pretax loss on discontinued operations of 6.8 million 
 4.5 million of tax charges related to a valuation allowance against Calica deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards 
 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan for the first nine months of 2023 include: 
 pretax net gain of 15.2 million related to the sale of real estate in Illinois 
 pretax charges of 28.3 million associated with long-lived asset impairments 
 pretax charges of 4.7 million associated with divested operations 
 pretax charges of 2.0 million associated with non-routine acquisitions 
 pretax loss on discontinued operations of 11.7 million 
 11.2 million of tax charges related to a valuation allowance against Calica deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards 
 Adjusted for these discrete items, earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations (Adjusted Diluted EPS) was 5.37 per diluted share for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 5.54 per diluted share for the first nine months of 2023. 
 CONTINUING OPERATIONS Changes in earnings from continuing operations before income taxes for year-to-date September 30, 2024 versus year-to-date September 30, 2023 are summarized below: 
 in millions Year-to-date September 30, 2023 
 909.8 Higher aggregates gross profit 18.0 Higher asphalt gross profit 10.6 Lower concrete gross profit (42.5) Lower selling, administrative and general expenses 
 7.4 Lower gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses (18.2) Higher impairment charges 
 (58.3) Lower interest expense, net 24.5 All other (18.2) Year-to-date September 30, 2024 
 833.1 
 Aggregates segment sales for the first nine months of 2024 were 4,477.3 million (down 1 ), and shipments decreased 7 , or 13.2 million tons, compared to the prior year. Aggregates segment gross profit was 1,330.3 million 8.01 per ton) in the first nine months of 2024 versus 1,312.3 million 7.32 per ton) in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, cash gross profit per ton increased 11 to 10.31 per ton. 
 Freight-adjusted selling prices increased 10.9 as compared to the prior year. Freight-adjusted unit cost of sales for the first nine months of 2024 increased 12 , or 1.37 per ton, versus the prior year. 
 Asphalt segment gross profit of 123.9 million was up 10.6 million from the first nine months of 2023, and cash gross profit of 155.8 million was an 11 improvement over the prior year. Asphalt mix shipments increased 1 , and average unit selling prices increased 5.4 , or 4.05 per ton. 
 Concrete segment gross profit of 8.2 million was down 42.5 million from the first nine months of 2023, and cash gross profit of 43.1 million was a 61 decrease from the prior year. The prior year included results from our previously divested operations in Texas. 
 SAG expenses were 393.0 million (7.1 of total revenues) versus 400.4 million (6.7 of total revenues) in the prior year s first nine months. 
 31 

Gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses was 4.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 versus 22.8 million in the first nine months of 2023. The 2023 amount includes a net pretax gain of 15.2 million from the sale of real estate associated with a former recycled concrete facility in Illinois. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an 86.6 million pretax goodwill impairment charge related to a reporting unit that includes concrete operations acquired from U.S. Concrete in 2021 84.2 million after tax). For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a pretax long-lived asset impairment charge of 28.3 million 21.1 million after tax) related to the fourth quarter divestiture of our concrete assets in Texas. 
 Other operating income (expense), net which is composed primarily of idle facilities expense, environmental remediation costs, gain (loss) on settlement of AROs, finance charges collected and net rental income (expense), was 23.9 million of expense for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 13.1 million of expense in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Other nonoperating income (expense), net was 12.7 million of expense for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 5.3 million of expense in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Net interest expense was 117.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 142.2 million in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in interest expense reflects the first quarter 2024 redemption of 550.0 million senior notes due 2026. 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations was 208.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 194.4 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in tax expense was primarily due to a goodwill impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2024, the majority of which was non-tax deductible, and a discrete benefit recognized in the first nine months of 2023 related to a 2022 business disposition, partially offset by lower pretax earnings. 
 Earnings attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations were 4.68 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 5.34 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2023. 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS First nine months pretax loss from discontinued operations was 6.8 million in 2024 compared with 11.7 million in 2023. Both periods include charges related to general and product liability costs, including legal defense costs, and environmental remediation costs associated with our former Chemicals business. For additional details, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements under the caption Discontinued Operations. 
 
 KNOWN TRENDS OR UNCERTAINTIES 
 Inflationary pressures and labor constraints can be factors that impact our operations. Although inflationary pressures can create short-term to medium-term headwinds, the combination of inflation and visibility of demand may create a favorable environment for price increases. Additionally, labor constraints can cause delays and inefficiencies in our operations as well as those of our customers. If labor constraints continue, our operations may proceed at a slower pace, which may effectively extend the recovery while allowing us the opportunity to compound price, control costs and grow earnings. 
 Further, the Mexican government has taken actions adverse to our property and operations in Mexico. On May 5, 2022, Mexican government officials presented employees at our Calica operations in Quintana Roo, Mexico with arbitrary shutdown orders to immediately cease underwater quarrying and extraction operations. On May 13, 2022, the Mexican government suspended the three-year customs permit granted in March 2022 to Calica and began a proceeding that could result in the revocation of that permit. In September 2024, the Mexican government ordered the closure of Calica's already-suspended quarrying activities and the shutdown of certain activities at Calica's Punta Venado port facilities. On September 23, 2024, the President of Mexico signed a presidential decree declaring the entirety of Calica's properties as a "Natural Protected Area" (the "ANP Decree"). Among other provisions, the ANP Decree prohibits Calica from extracting petrous or construction materials from its properties. We strongly believe that the actions taken by Mexico are arbitrary and illegal, and we intend to vigorously pursue all lawful avenues available to us in order to protect our rights, under both Mexican and international law. For additional information regarding our Calica operations, see the NAFTA Arbitration section in Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 AGGREGATES SEGMENT FREIGHT-ADJUSTED REVENUES 
 Aggregates segment freight-adjusted revenues is not a Generally Accepted Accounting Principle (GAAP) measure and should not be considered as an alternative to metrics defined by GAAP. We present this measure as it is consistent with the basis by which we review our operating results. We believe that this presentation is consistent with our competitors and meaningful to our investors as it excludes revenues associated with freight delivery, which are pass-through activities. It also excludes other revenues related to services, such as landfill tipping fees, that are derived from our aggregates business. Additionally, we use this metric as the basis for calculating the average sales price of our aggregates products. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions, except per ton data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Aggregates segment Segment sales 1,572.4 1,628.4 4,477.3 4,505.9 Freight delivery revenues 1 
 (320.5) (366.3) (922.4) (1,040.8) Other revenues (23.9) (26.4) (72.9) (74.4) Freight-adjusted revenues 1,228.0 1,235.7 3,482.0 3,390.7 Unit shipments - tons 57.7 64.0 166.0 179.2 Freight-adjusted sales price 21.27 19.31 20.98 18.92 
 1 At the segment level, freight delivery revenues include intersegment freight delivery (which are eliminated at the consolidated level) and freight to remote distribution sites. 
 33 

CASH GROSS PROFIT 
 GAAP does not define cash gross profit, and it should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by GAAP. We and the investment community use this metric to assess the operating performance of our business. Additionally, we present this metric as we believe that it closely correlates to long-term shareholder value. Cash gross profit adds back noncash charges for depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization to gross profit. Segment cash gross profit per unit is computed by dividing segment cash gross profit by units shipped. Segment cash cost of sales per unit is computed by subtracting segment cash gross profit per unit from segment freight-adjusted sales price. Segment freight-adjusted sales price is calculated by dividing revenues generated from the shipment of product (excluding service revenues generated by the segments) by the total units of the product shipped. Reconciliation of these metrics to their nearest GAAP measures are presented below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions, except per unit data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Aggregates segment Gross profit 498.5 509.1 1,330.3 1,312.3 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 130.3 125.6 381.8 357.6 Cash gross profit 628.8 634.7 1,712.1 1,669.9 Unit shipments - tons 57.7 64.0 166.0 179.2 Gross profit per ton 8.63 7.95 8.01 7.32 Freight-adjusted sales price 21.27 19.31 20.98 18.92 Cash gross profit per ton 10.89 9.92 10.31 9.32 Freight-adjusted cash cost of sales per ton 10.38 9.39 10.67 9.60 Asphalt segment Gross profit 60.2 55.9 123.9 113.3 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 12.0 8.8 31.9 26.7 Cash gross profit 72.2 64.7 155.8 140.0 Unit shipments - tons 4.1 4.0 10.2 10.1 Gross profit per ton 14.85 13.92 12.17 11.26 Average sales price 80.88 76.22 79.42 75.37 Cash gross profit per ton 17.82 16.11 15.30 13.90 Cash cost of sales per ton 63.06 60.11 64.12 61.47 Concrete segment Gross profit 6.5 26.0 8.2 50.7 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 10.9 20.5 34.9 60.4 Cash gross profit 17.4 46.5 43.1 111.1 Unit shipments - cubic yards 0.9 2.1 2.7 6.0 Gross profit per cubic yard 7.04 12.16 3.07 8.46 Average sales price 185.61 169.98 182.88 165.27 Cash gross profit per cubic yard 18.52 21.74 16.12 18.54 Cash cost of sales per cubic yard 167.09 148.24 166.76 146.73 
 
 34 

EBITDA AND ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 GAAP does not define Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA), and it should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by GAAP. We use this metric to assess the operating performance of our business and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting as we believe that it closely correlates to long-term shareholder value. We do not use this metric as a measure to allocate resources. We adjust EBITDA for certain items to provide a more consistent comparison of earnings performance from period to period. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below (numbers may not foot due to rounding): 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 Trailing-Twelve Months September 30 in millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings attributable to Vulcan 207.6 276.5 618.2 705.8 845.6 825.1 Income tax expense, including discontinued operations 84.7 84.8 206.7 191.3 311.0 218.8 Interest expense, net of interest income 38.4 46.6 117.7 142.2 155.1 189.8 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 160.7 161.1 468.4 464.4 620.9 616.9 EBITDA 491.3 569.0 1,411.0 1,503.8 1,932.6 1,850.7 Loss on discontinued operations 1.8 3.8 6.8 11.7 9.8 15.1 (Gain) loss on sale of real estate and businesses, net 0.0 0.0 0.0 (15.2) (51.9) 2.2 Loss on impairments 86.6 28.3 86.6 28.3 86.6 28.3 Charges associated with divested operations 0.0 0.0 1.0 4.7 4.2 7.4 Acquisition related charges 1 
 0.8 1.2 1.8 2.0 1.9 6.1 Adjusted EBITDA 580.6 602.2 1,507.1 1,535.1 1,983.3 1,909.8 
 1 Represents charges associated with acquisitions requiring clearance under federal antitrust laws. 
 ADJUSTED DILUTED EPS ATTRIBUTABLE TO VULCAN FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 Similar to our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, we present Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations to provide a more consistent comparison of earnings performance from period to period. This metric is not defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted Earnings Per Share Net earnings attributable to Vulcan 1.56 2.07 4.65 5.28 Items included in Adjusted EBITDA above, net of tax 0.65 0.18 0.69 0.17 NOL carryforward valuation allowance 0.01 0.04 0.03 0.09 Adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Vulcan from continuing operations 2.22 2.29 5.37 5.54 
 35 

NET DEBT TO ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA is not a GAAP measure and should not be considered as an alternative to metrics defined by GAAP. We, the investment community and credit rating agencies use this metric to assess our leverage. Net debt subtracts cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash from total debt. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below: 
 September 30 in millions 2024 2023 Current maturities of long-term debt 0.5 0.5 Long-term debt 3,329.2 3,874.3 Total debt 3,329.7 3,874.8 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (434.3) (345.0) Net debt 2,895.4 3,529.8 Trailing-Twelve Months (TTM) Adjusted EBITDA 1,983.3 1,909.8 Total Debt to TTM Adjusted EBITDA 1.7x 2.0x Net Debt to TTM Adjusted EBITDA 1.5x 1.8x 
 RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL 
 We define Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) as Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing-twelve months divided by average invested capital (as illustrated below) during the trailing-five quarters. Our calculation of ROIC is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because we calculate ROIC using the non-GAAP metric EBITDA. We believe that our ROIC metric is meaningful because it helps investors assess how effectively we are deploying our assets. Although ROIC is a standard financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating a company s ROIC. As a result, the method we use to calculate our ROIC may differ from the methods used by other companies. This metric is not defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below (numbers may not foot due to rounding): 
 Trailing-Twelve Months in millions September 30 2024 September 30 2023 Adjusted EBITDA 1,983.3 1,909.8 Average invested capital Property, plant equipment, net 6,273.7 6,059.8 Goodwill 3,516.4 3,661.0 Other intangible assets 1,457.9 1,642.9 Fixed and intangible assets 11,248.0 11,363.7 Current assets 2,264.6 2,154.6 Cash and cash equivalents (428.0) (192.3) Current tax (36.4) (41.7) Adjusted current assets 1,800.2 1,920.6 Current liabilities (785.8) (946.7) Current maturities of long-term debt 0.5 0.5 Short-term debt 19.0 82.4 Adjusted current liabilities (766.3) (863.8) Adjusted net working capital 1,033.9 1,056.8 Average invested capital 12,281.9 12,420.5 Return on invested capital 16.1 15.4 
 36 

2024 PROJECTED ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 Projected Adjusted EBITDA is not defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of this metric to its nearest GAAP measure is presented below: 
 in millions 2024 Projected Mid-Point Net earnings attributable to Vulcan 845 Income tax expense, including discontinued operations 274 Interest expense, net of interest income 155 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 630 Projected EBITDA 1,904 Items included in YTD Adjusted EBITDA 96 Projected Adjusted EBITDA 2,000 
 Because GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis are not accessible, and reconciling information is not available without unreasonable effort, we have not provided reconciliations for forward-looking non-GAAP measures, other than the reconciliation of Projected Adjusted EBITDA as noted above. For the same reasons, we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information, which could be material to future results. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by our operating activities, a substantial, committed bank line of credit and our commercial paper program. Additional sources of capital include access to the capital markets, the sale of surplus real estate and dispositions of nonstrategic operating assets. We believe these financial resources are sufficient to fund our business requirements for 2024 including: 
 contractual obligations 
 capital expenditures 
 debt service obligations 
 dividend payments 
 potential acquisitions (including the proposed acquisition of Wake Stone Corporation) 
 potential share repurchases 
 Our balanced approach to capital deployment remains unchanged. We intend to balance reinvestment in our business, growth through acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders, while sustaining financial strength and flexibility. 
 We actively manage our capital structure and resources in order to balance the cost of capital and the risk of financial stress. We seek to meet these objectives by adhering to the following principles: 
 maintain substantial bank line of credit borrowing capacity 
 proactively manage our debt maturity schedule such that repayment/refinancing risk in any single year is low 
 maintain an appropriate balance of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt 
 minimize financial and other covenants that limit our operating and financial flexibility 
 37 

CASH 
 Included in our September 30, 2024 cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balances of 434.3 million is 1.1 million of restricted cash as described in Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements under the section Restricted Cash. 
 CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions 2024 2023 Net earnings 619.6 706.8 Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 468.4 464.4 Loss on impairments 86.6 28.3 Noncash operating lease expense 38.6 40.7 Net gain on sale of property, plant equipment and businesses (4.6) (22.8) Deferred income taxes, net (30.3) (6.0) Other operating cash flows, net 1 
 (208.8) (156.2) Net cash provided by operating activities 969.5 1,055.2 
 
 1 Primarily reflects changes to working capital balances. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 969.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an 85.7 million decrease compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to changes in working capital balances. 
 Days sales outstanding, a measurement of the time it takes to collect receivables, were 43.3 days at September 30, 2024 compared to 45.3 days at September 30, 2023. Additionally, our over 90 day receivables balance was 26.3 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.8 million from the 28.1 million balance at September 30, 2023. All customer accounts are actively managed, and no losses in excess of amounts reserved are currently expected. 
 CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 641.8 million during the first nine months of 2024, a 132.6 million increase compared to the same period of 2023. During the first nine months of 2024, we acquired businesses for 206.4 million of cash consideration whereas there were no business acquisitions in 2023 (see Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements). Additionally, the first nine months of 2023 includes the collection of a 130.0 million note receivable related to the 2022 sale of concrete operations in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania. Partially offsetting these net increases to cash used for investing activities, during the first nine months of 2024, we invested 441.0 million in our existing operations (includes changes in accruals for property, plant equipment) compared to 666.3 million in the prior year period. This 441.0 million investment includes both maintenance and internal growth projects to enhance our distribution capabilities, develop new production sites and improve existing production facilities. 
 CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 842.6 million during the first nine months of 2024, a 480.1 million increase compared to cash used of 362.5 million in the same period of 2023. The current year includes cash paid to redeem the 550.0 million senior notes due 2026 whereas the prior year includes a 100.0 million net payment on our line of credit. Additionally, we returned 252.4 million to shareholders (a 30.9 million increase over the prior year) through 183.6 million of dividends 1.38 per share compared to 1.29 per share) and 68.8 million of common stock repurchases (270,142 shares repurchased at 254.71 average price per share in 2024 compared to 241,363 shares repurchased at 206.82 average price per share in 2023). 
 38 

DEBT 
 Certain debt measures are presented below: 
 in millions September 30 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30 2023 Debt Current maturities of long-term debt 0.5 0.5 0.5 Long-term debt 3,329.2 3,877.3 3,874.3 Total debt 3,329.7 3,877.8 3,874.8 Capital Total debt 3,329.7 3,877.8 3,874.8 Total equity 7,893.1 7,507.9 7,465.2 Total capital 11,222.8 11,385.7 11,340.0 Total Debt as a Percentage of Total Capital 29.7 34.1 34.2 Weighted-Average Effective Interest Rates Line of credit 1 
 1.13 1.13 1.13 Commercial paper 5.02 5.64 5.58 Term debt 4.63 4.82 4.82 Fixed Versus Floating Interest Rate Debt Fixed-rate debt 83.8 72.1 72.1 Floating-rate debt 16.2 27.9 27.9 
 
 1 Reflects the margin above SOFR for SOFR-based borrowings; we also paid upfront fees that are amortized to interest expense and pay fees for unused borrowing capacity and standby letters of credit. 
 At September 30, 2024, total debt to trailing-twelve months Adjusted EBITDA was 1.7 times (1.5 times on a net debt basis reflecting 434.3 million of cash on hand). Our weighted-average debt maturity was 10.4 years, and our total weighted-average effective interest rate was 4.70 . 
 DELAYED DRAW TERM LOAN, LINE OF CREDIT AND COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAM 
 In June 2021, we entered into a 1,600.0 million unsecured delayed draw term loan which was fully drawn in August 2021 upon the acquisition of U.S. Concrete. The delayed draw term loan was paid down to 1,100.0 million in September 2021 with cash on hand, paid down to 550.0 million in August 2022 using the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper as described below and fully repaid in March 2023 using proceeds from the issuance of 5.80 senior notes as described below. 
 In 2022, we established a 1,600.0 million commercial paper program through which we borrowed 550.0 million that was used to partially repay the delayed draw term loan. As of September 30, 2024, we had 550.0 million in long-term commercial paper borrowings. Commercial paper borrowings bear interest at rates determined at the time of borrowing and as agreed between us and the commercial paper investors. 
 Our 1,600.0 million unsecured line of credit matures in August 2027 and contains covenants customary for an unsecured investment-grade facility. Covenants, borrowings, cost ranges and other details are described in Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants, the margin for SOFR borrowings was 1.125 , the margin for base rate borrowings was 0.125 and the commitment fee for the unused amount was 0.100 . 
 As of September 30, 2024, our available borrowing capacity under the line of credit was 1,504.8 million. Utilization of the borrowing capacity was as follows: 
 None was borrowed 
 95.2 million was used to support standby letters of credit 
 TERM DEBT 
 All of our 3,391.1 million (face value) of term debt (which includes 550.0 million of commercial paper) is unsecured. All of the covenants in the debt agreements are customary for investment-grade facilities. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all term debt covenants. 
 In March 2023, we issued 550.0 million of 5.80 senior notes due 2026. Total proceeds of 546.6 million (net of discounts and transaction costs), together with cash on hand, were used to repay the 550.0 million delayed draw term loan. We redeemed these notes at par in March 2024 using cash on hand and recognized noncash expense of 2.3 million with the acceleration of unamortized deferred debt issuance costs. 
 39 

CURRENT MATURITIES OF LONG-TERM DEBT 
 The 0.5 million of current maturities of long-term debt as of September 30, 2024 is due as follows: 
 in millions Current Maturities Fourth quarter 2024 0.0 First quarter 2025 0.5 Second quarter 2025 0.0 Third quarter 2025 0.0 
 The above table excludes 400.0 million of notes due April 2025 as we have the intent and ability to refinance these notes on a long-term basis. 
 
 DEBT RATINGS 
 Our debt ratings and outlooks as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Short-term Long-term Outlook Fitch F2 BBB Positive Moody's P-2 Baa2 Stable Standard Poor's A-2 BBB+ Stable 

EQUITY 
 The number of our common stock issuances and purchases for the year-to-date periods ended are as follows: 
 in millions September 30 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30 2023 Common stock shares at January 1, issued and outstanding 132.1 132.9 132.9 Common stock issued for share-based compensation plans 0.3 0.2 0.2 Common stock purchased and retired (0.3) (1.0) (0.2) Common stock shares at end of period, issued and outstanding 132.1 132.1 132.9 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were 6,817,118 shares remaining under the February 2017 share purchase authorization by our Board of Directors. Depending upon market, business, legal and other conditions, we may purchase shares from time to time through the open market (including plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and/or privately negotiated transactions. The authorization has no time limit, does not obligate us to purchase any specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 The detail of our common stock purchases (all of which were open market purchases) for the year-to-date periods ended are as follows: 
 in millions, except average price September 30 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30 2023 Number of shares purchased and retired 0.3 1.0 0.2 Total purchase price 68.8 200.0 49.9 Average price per share 254.71 204.52 206.82 
 There were no shares held in treasury as of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023. 

40 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as financing or unconsolidated variable interest entities. 
 
 STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 For a discussion of our standby letters of credit, see Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 We follow certain significant accounting policies when preparing our consolidated financial statements. A summary of these policies is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (Form 10-K). 
 We prepare these financial statements to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent assets and contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions we believe reasonable under existing circumstances and evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. The results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Form 10-K require the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 For a discussion of the accounting standards recently adopted or pending adoption and the effect such accounting changes will have on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity, see Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

41 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain matters discussed in this report, including expectations regarding future performance, contain forward-looking statements that are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These assumptions, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 general economic and business conditions 
 our dependence on the construction industry, which is subject to economic cycles 
 the timing and amount of federal, state and local funding for infrastructure 
 changes in the level of spending for private residential and private nonresidential construction 
 changes in our effective tax rate 
 domestic and global political, economic or diplomatic developments 
 the increasing reliance on information technology infrastructure, including the risks that the infrastructure does not work as intended, experiences technical difficulties or is subjected to cyber-attacks 
 the impact of the state of the global economy on our businesses and financial condition and access to capital markets 
 international business operations and relationships, including recent actions taken by the Mexican government with respect to our property and operations in that country 
 the highly competitive nature of the construction industry 
 a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency 
 the impact of future regulatory or legislative actions, including those relating to climate change, biodiversity, land use, wetlands, greenhouse gas emissions, the definition of minerals, tax policy and domestic and international trade 
 the outcome of pending legal proceedings 
 pricing of our products 
 weather and other natural phenomena, including the impact of climate change and availability of water 
 availability and cost of trucks, railcars, barges and ships, as well as their licensed operators, for transport of our materials 
 energy costs 
 costs of hydrocarbon-based raw materials 
 healthcare costs 
 labor relations, shortages and constraints 
 the amount of long-term debt and interest expense we incur 
 changes in interest rates 
 volatility in pension plan asset values and liabilities, which may require cash contributions to the pension plans 
 the impact of environmental cleanup costs and other liabilities relating to existing and/or divested businesses 
 our ability to secure and permit aggregates reserves in strategically located areas 
 our ability to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions 
 our proposed acquisition of Wake Stone Corporation, including: 
 our ability to complete the transaction on the proposed terms or on the anticipated timeline, or at all, including risks and uncertainties related to securing the necessary approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions to consummate the proposed transaction 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the definitive merger agreement relating to the proposed transaction 
 failure to realize the expected benefits of the proposed transaction 
 significant transaction costs and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities 
 the risk that Wake Stone Corporation s business will not be integrated successfully or that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected 
 risks related to future opportunities and plans for the combined company 
 disruption from the proposed transaction, making it more difficult to conduct business as usual or maintain relationships with customers, employees or suppliers 
 the possibility that, if Vulcan does not achieve the perceived benefits of the proposed transaction as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, the market price of Vulcan s common stock could decline 
 the effect of changes in tax laws, guidance and interpretations 
 significant downturn in the construction industry may result in the impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets 
 changes in technologies, which could disrupt the way we do business and how our products are distributed 
 the risks of open pit and underground mining 
 expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations 
 claims that our products do not meet regulatory requirements or contractual specifications 
 other assumptions, risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our periodic reports filed with the SEC 
 All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing or publication. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. Investors are cautioned not to rely unduly on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in our filings, and are advised to consult any of our future disclosures in filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our press releases with regard to our business and consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 42 

INVESTOR INFORMATION 
 We make available on our website, www.vulcanmaterials.com , free of charge, copies of our: 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q 
 Current Reports on Form 8-K 
 Our website also includes amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as well as all Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed with the SEC by our executive officers and directors, as soon as the filings are made publicly available by the SEC on its EDGAR database www.sec.gov ). 
 In addition to accessing copies of our reports online, you may request a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including financial statements, by writing to Denson N. Franklin III, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Vulcan Materials Company, 1200 Urban Center Drive, Birmingham, Alabama 35242. 
 We have a: 
 Business Conduct Policy applicable to all employees and directors 
 Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers 
 Copies of the Business Conduct Policy and the Code of Ethics are available on our website under the Investor Relations tab Governance section). If we make any amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of the Code of Ethics, we will disclose such information on our website as well as through filings with the SEC. 
 Our Board of Directors has also adopted: 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Charters for our Audit, Compensation Human Capital, Executive, Finance, Governance and Safety, Health Environmental Affairs Committees 
 These documents meet all applicable SEC and New York Stock Exchange regulatory requirements. 
 The Charters of the Audit, Compensation Human Capital and Governance Committees are available on our website under the Investor Relations tab Governance Committee Composition section) or you may request a copy of any of these documents by writing to Denson N. Franklin III, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Vulcan Materials Company, 1200 Urban Center Drive, Birmingham, Alabama 35242. 
 Information included on our website is not incorporated into, or otherwise made a part of, this report. 
 43 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks arising from transactions that are entered into in the normal course of business. To manage these market risks, we may use derivative financial instruments. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 As discussed in the Liquidity and Financial Resources section of Part I, Item 2, we actively manage our capital structure and resources to balance the cost of capital and risk of financial stress. Such activity includes balancing the cost and risk of interest expense. In addition to floating-rate borrowings, we at times use interest rate swaps to manage the mix of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt. 
 At September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of our long-term debt including current maturities was 3,287.4 million compared to a face value of 3,391.1 million. The estimated fair value was determined by averaging several asking price quotes for the publicly traded notes and assuming par value for the remainder of the debt. The fair value estimate is based on information available as of the balance sheet date. The effect of a decline in interest rates of one percentage point would increase the fair value of our debt by approximately 0.2 million. 
 We are exposed to certain economic risks related to the costs of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. These economic risks include changes in the discount rate for high-quality bonds and the expected return on plan assets. The impact of a change in these assumptions on our annual pension and other postretirement benefits costs is discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain a system of controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a - 15(e) or 15d - 15(e)), include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of other management officials, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 We completed the implementation of our quote to invoice system for our aggregates and asphalt operations in the third quarter of 2024. 
 No other changes were made during the third quarter of 2024 to our internal controls over financial reporting, nor have there been other factors that materially affect these controls. 
 44 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements and Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and Part II, Item 1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q for a discussion of certain recent developments concerning our legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 There were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Purchases of our equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 are summarized below. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of 
 Shares That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs 1 
 2024 July 1 - July 31 0 0.00 0 6,817,118 August 1 - August 31 0 0.00 0 6,817,118 September 1 - September 30 0 0.00 0 6,817,118 Total 0 0.00 0 
 1 In February 2017, our Board of Directors authorized us to purchase up to 10,000,000 shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were 6,817,118 shares remaining under this authorization. Depending upon market, business, legal and other conditions, we may purchase shares from time to time through the open market (including plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and/or through privately negotiated transactions. The authorization has no time limit, does not obligate us to purchase any specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 We did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 SECURITIES TRADING PLANS OF SECTION 16 OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our Section 16 officers or directors or a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 45 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit 31(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 31(b) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 32(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 32(b) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 95 MSHA Citations and Litigation 
 Exhibit 101 The following unaudited financial information from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is formatted in iXBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Our SEC file number for documents filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is 001-33841. 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY Date October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Randy L. Pigg 
 Randy L. Pigg 
 Vice President, Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Mary Andrews Carlisle 
 Mary Andrews Carlisle 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 47 

<EX-31>
 2
 a3q24-ex31.htm
 EX-31

Document 

EXHIBIT 31(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, J. Thomas Hill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vulcan Materials Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s J. Thomas Hill 
 J. Thomas Hill 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Exhibit 31(a) 

EXHIBIT 31(b) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Mary Andrews Carlisle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vulcan Materials Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Mary Andrews Carlisle 
 Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Exhibit 31(b) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 a3q24-ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, J. Thomas Hill, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vulcan Materials Company, certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof 
 (i) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Vulcan Materials Company. 
 s J. Thomas Hill 
 J. Thomas Hill 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 October 30, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Vulcan Materials Company and will be retained by Vulcan Materials Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Exhibit 32(a) 

EXHIBIT 32(b) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Vulcan Materials Company, certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof 
 (i) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Vulcan Materials Company. 
 s Mary Andrews Carlisle 
 Mary Andrews Carlisle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 October 30, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Vulcan Materials Company and will be retained by Vulcan Materials Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Exhibit 32(b) 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 4
 a3q24-ex95.htm
 EX-95

Document 

EXHIBIT 95 MSHA CITATIONS AND LITIGATION 

On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act) was enacted. Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires companies that are operators (as such term is defined in the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act)) to disclose certain mine safety information in each periodic report to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This information is related to the enforcement of the Mine Act by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). 
 The Dodd-Frank Act and the subsequent implementing regulation issued by the SEC require disclosure of the following categories of violations, orders and citations (1) Section 104 S&S Citations, which are citations issued for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard (2) Section 104(b) Orders, which are orders issued upon a follow up inspection where the inspector finds the violation previously cited has not been totally abated in the prescribed time period (3) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders, which are issued upon violations of mandatory health or safety standards caused by an unwarrantable failure of the operator to comply with the standards (4) Section 110(b)(2) Violations, which result from the reckless and repeated failure to eliminate a known violation (5) Section 107(a) Orders, which are given when MSHA determines that an imminent danger exists and results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition and (6) written notices from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under Section 104(e). In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the disclosure of the total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act and the total number of mining related fatalities. 
 The following disclosures are made pursuant to Section 1503. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our operations (i) received any orders under Section 104(b), which are issued upon a follow up inspection where the inspector finds the violation previously cited has not been totally abated in the prescribed time period (ii) received any citations or orders under Section 104(d), which are issued upon violations of mandatory health or safety standards caused by an unwarrantable failure of the operator to comply with the standards (iii) had any flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2) (iv) received any orders under Section 107(a) to immediately withdraw from the area of the mine affected by an imminent danger (v) received notice from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(e) or (vi) had any mining related fatalities. 
 
 Exhibit 95 

THIRD QUARTER 2024 
 
 The table below sets forth, by mine, the total number of citations and or orders issued by MSHA during the period covered by this report under the indicated provisions of the Mine Act, together with the total dollar value of proposed assessments, if any, from MSHA, received during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Of our 292 active MSHA-regulated facilities during the quarter, we received 127 federal mine safety inspections at 118 facilities during the reporting period. Of our inspected facilities, 106 did not receive any reportable citations or orders. 
 Name of Operation Number of Inspections Total Number of S&S Citations Mine Act 104(b) Orders Mine Act 104(d) Citations and Orders Mine Act 110(b)(2) Violations Mine Act 107(a) Orders Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments (thousands) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities Received Written Notice under Mine Act 104(e) BARIN, GA 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No BARTLETT, TN 1 2 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No FOREST PARK, GA 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No FORT KNOX, TN 2 2 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No GRAND RIVERS, KY 2 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No GREYSTONE, TN 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No LEMONT, IL 1 2 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No MACON, GA 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No NORTON, TN 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No RICHMOND ROAD, KY 2 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No ST. THOMAS, VI 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No WEST BROADWAY, AZ 1 1 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No Other - 106 112 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 No Total 127 15 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 
 The total dollar value of proposed assessments received during the three months ended September 30, 2024 for all other citations, as well as proposed assessments received during the reporting period for citations previously issued, is 8,055. 
 The table below sets forth, by mine, category of legal action and number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of September 30, 2024. 
 Number of Legal Actions Name of Operation Contest Penalty Contest Citations Complaint of Discharge, Discrimination ANDERSON QUARRY, SC 1 0 0 FREDERICK QUARRY, MD 1 0 0 PUDDLEDOCK SAND & GRAVEL, VA 1 0 0 SEVIERVILLE QUARRY, TN 3 0 0 
 The table below sets forth, by mine, category of legal action and number of legal actions filed before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Number of Legal Actions Name of Operation Contest Penalty Contest Citations Complaint of Discharge, Discrimination NONE 
 The table below sets forth, by mine, category of legal action and number of legal actions resolved (disposed) by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Number of Legal Actions Name of Operation Contest Penalty Contest Citations Complaint of Discharge, Discrimination 115 QUARRY, NC 1 0 0 JACKSON QUARRY, GA 4 1 0 RICHMOND QUARRY, VA 1 0 0 SUN CITY SAND AND GRAVEL, AZ 1 0 0 WILSON COUNTY QUARRY, TN 0 0 1 
 Exhibit 95 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vmc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 vmc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vmc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vmc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vmc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

