<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1237831_0001562762-24-000254.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21829725</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105013</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1770625</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11759682</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2487512</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5304566</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-24-000254.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105170548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-24-000254
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBUS MEDICAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001237831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				043744954
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35621
		FILM NUMBER:		241428455

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 GENERAL ARMISTEAD AVENUE
		CITY:			AUDUBON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-930-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 GENERAL ARMISTEAD AVENUE
		CITY:			AUDUBON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-24-000254.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 gmed-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

gmed-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or T RANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to _______________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter DELAWARE (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files): Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock (par value 0.001 per share) as of November 1, 2024 was shares. 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 6 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 41 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 42 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 42 Item 1A. Risk Factors 42 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 42 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 42 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 42 Item 5. Other Information 43 Item 6. Exhibits 43 SIGNATURES 44 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) September 30, December 31, (In thousands, except share and per share values) 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income taxes receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively Operating lease right of use assets Long-term marketable securities Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Deferred income taxes Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Senior convertible notes Business acquisition liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Business acquisition liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities Senior convertible notes Deferred income taxes and other tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Equity: Class A common stock; par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class B common stock; par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Retained earnings Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of Sales and Operating expenses: Cost of sales (exclusive of amortization of intangibles) Research and development Selling, general and administrative Provision for litigation, net Amortization of intangibles Acquisition-related costs Restructuring costs Operating income/(loss) Other income/(expense), net Interest income/(expense), net Foreign currency transaction gain/(loss) Other income/(expense) Total other income/(expense), net Income/(loss) before income taxes Income tax provision/(benefit) Net income/(loss) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Unrealized gain/(loss) on marketable securities Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) Total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Comprehensive income/(loss) Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional paid-in Accumulated other comprehensive Retained (In thousands) Shares Shares capital income/(loss) earnings Total Balance at December 31, 2023 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Issuance of Class A common stock under employee and director equity option plans, net Comprehensive income/(loss) Repurchase and retirement of common stock Balance at March 31, 2024 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Issuance of Class A common stock under employee and director equity option plans, net Comprehensive income/(loss) Repurchase and retirement of common stock Balance at June 30, 2024 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Issuance of Class A common stock under employee and director equity option plans, net Comprehensive income/(loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 

5 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional paid-in Accumulated other comprehensive Retained (In thousands) Shares Shares capital income/(loss) earnings Total Balance at December 31, 2022 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Comprehensive income/(loss) Balance at March 31, 2023 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Comprehensive income/(loss) Balance at June 30, 2023 Stock-based compensation Grant of contingent restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Issuance of Class A common stock under employee and director equity option plans, net Issuance of equity for NuVasive Merger Comprehensive income/(loss) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Acquired in-process research and development Depreciation and amortization Amortization of premiums on marketable securities Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Amortization of inventory fair value step up Amortization of 2025 Note fair value step up Stock-based compensation expense Allowance for expected credit losses Change in fair value of business acquisition liabilities Change in deferred income taxes (Gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net Payment of business acquisition-related liabilities Net (gain)/loss from foreign currency adjustment (Increase) decrease in: Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other assets Increase (decrease) in: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Income taxes payable/receivable Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Sales of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired and purchases of intangible and other assets Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of business acquisition-related liabilities Net proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments related to tax withholdings for share-based compensation Repurchase of common stock Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes paid, net Non-cash investing and financing activities: Equity issued in conjunction with the NuVasive Merger Accrued purchases of property and equipment 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS (Unaudited) par value per share, was converted into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and the right to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. Refer to Note 3, Asset acquisitions and Business Combinations for further information. Globus Medical was deemed to be the accounting acquirer of NuVasive for accounting purposes under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Accordingly, prior periods within these condensed consolidated financial statements may not be comparable. (b) 

 8 

(c) (d) 
 
 9 

Revenue recognized from contract liabilities Advance consideration received during the period Ending contract liabilities 
 (e) (f) (g) 
 
 10 

(h) (i) to years. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested whenever events or circumstances indicate that a carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. If an impairment is indicated, we measure the amount of the impairment loss as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted future cash flow analysis. IPR D has an indefinite life and is not amortized until completion of the project at which time the IPR D becomes an amortizable asset. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that a carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. If the related project is not completed in a timely manner, we may have an impairment related to the IPR D, calculated as the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were impairments in goodwill, finite-lived intangible assets, or IPR D. (j) 
 
 11 

(k) (l) (m) . (n) (o) 
 
 12 

million was charged to research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The purchase price consisted of million of cash paid at closing. The transaction also provides for million contingent consideration which is payable upon meeting the Good Manufacturing Process milestones, as promulgated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), and consideration of million contingent upon the developed products obtaining approval from the FDA. Contingent consideration will not be recorded in this asset acquisition until the milestone is met. Business Combinations During the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed acquisition that was not material to the overall condensed consolidated financial statements during the periods presented. This acquisition has been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The purchase price consisted of approximately million of cash paid at closing and million in contingent consideration payments, resulting in goodwill of million based on the estimated fair values. The contingent payments for this acquisition are based upon achieving various performance milestones over a period of and are payable in cash. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed acquisition that was not material to the overall condensed consolidated financial statements during the periods presented. This acquisition has been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The purchase price consisted of approximately million of cash paid at closing and million in contingent consideration payments, resulting in goodwill of million based on the estimated fair values. The contingent payments for this acquisition are based upon achieving various performance milestones over a period of and are payable in cash. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company completed acquisition that was not material to the overall condensed consolidated financial statements during the periods presented. This acquisition has been included in the condensed consolidated 

 13 

million of cash paid at closing and million of contingent consideration payments, resulting in goodwill of million and reacquired rights of million based on the estimated fair values. The contingent payments for this acquisition are based upon achieving various performance milestones over a period of years and are payable in a combination of cash and RSUs. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company completed acquisition that was not material to the condensed consolidated financial statements and has been included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition. The purchase price consisted of approximately million of cash. The Company recorded identifiable assets of million of instruments and million of inventory. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company acquired the membership interests of Harvest Biologics LLC, which engages in the business of selling systems that produce autologous biologics. The purchase price consisted of approximately million of cash paid at closing, plus million of preliminary post-closing adjustments. The Company recorded identifiable net assets, based on their estimated fair values, for inventory of million, goodwill of million, customer relationships and other intangibles of million with a weighted average useful life of years, and developed technology of million with a weighted average useful life of years. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of the assets and liabilities acquired within from the date of acquisition. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed acquisition that was not material to the overall condensed consolidated financial statements during the periods presented. This acquisition has been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The purchase price consisted of approximately million of cash paid at closing and million of contingent consideration payments, resulting in goodwill of million based on the estimated fair values. The contingent payments for this acquisition are based upon achieving various performance milestones over a period of years and are payable in a combination of cash and RSUs. NuVasive Merger On September 1, 2023, the Company merged with NuVasive, Inc. NuVasive and Zebra Merger Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into NuVasive (the Merger ), with NuVasive surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon the consummation of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of NuVasive, par value per share, was converted into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and the right to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. As part of the Merger, the Company assumed equity awards for certain NuVasive RSUs and NuVasive PRSUs in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Certain awards included a change in control provision (single trigger) which accelerated the vesting of the awards on the closing date of the Merger. These awards were considered as part of the total purchase price. The unvested awards will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of the original award agreement, except for certain PRSUs that were converted into RSUs. Once vested, the holders will receive shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Of the total consideration for the assumed equity awards, million was allocated to the purchase price and million was deemed compensatory as it was attributable to post acquisition vesting. Of the million of total compensation related to the assumed awards, million was expensed on the acquisition date due to accelerated vesting of the awards, recognized as Merger related costs, and million relates to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods of the unvested awards on a straight-line basis. Of the million related to future services, million of expense has been recognized as of September 30, 2024. Concurrently with the Merger, the Company repaid the outstanding million under NuVasive s revolving senior credit facility in addition to assuming the Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 2025 Notes ), the privately negotiated call options 2025 Hedge and the privately negotiated warrants 2025 Warrants ). 
 
 14 

NuVasive accelerated equity awards Globus exchange ratio Globus Class A Common Stock issued in exchange for NuVasive shares Globus closing share price Total Value Class A Common Stock 2025 Warrants Repayment of revolving credit facility Fair value of assumed equity awards Total purchase price 
 We accounted for the Merger using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires the NuVasive assets and liabilities to be recorded on our balance sheet at fair value as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the final purchase price allocation for the Merger as of September 30, 2024: Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant, and equipment Operating lease ROU asset Intangible assets Other long-term assets Deferred income taxes Total Assets Current Liabilities Operating lease liabilities, including current portion Business acquisition liabilities, including current portion Senior convertible notes Deferred income taxes and other tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Fair value of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities Purchase price Less: Fair value of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities Goodwill 
 The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets is recorded to Goodwill and primarily reflects the assembled workforce and expected synergies. The majority of goodwill is non-deductible for tax purposes. Details of our valuation methodology and significant inputs for fair value measurements are included below. The fair value measurements for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and, therefore, represent Level 3 measurements. The fair value of work-in-process and finished goods inventory utilizes a sales comparison approach which estimates the selling price of the inventory in completed condition less costs of disposal and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. The fair value of property and equipment utilizes a combination of the cost approach, income approach, and sales comparison approach less amounts for capitalized research and development costs existing on NuVasive s closing balance sheet. 
 
 15 

Customer Relationships 
 Fair value of the 2025 Notes was determined using the publicly traded price. NuVasive s results have been included in the Company s financial statements for the period subsequent to the date of the acquisition on September 1, 2023. Due to the continuing integration of NuVasive s operations into the Company, it is impractical to determine NuVasive s net income/loss during the current period, which is included in the Company s Net Income . The following unaudited pro forma information for the Company presents combined net sales and net income, as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2022, and is presented for informational purposes only : Pro forma net income 
 Enabling Technologies Total net sales 

16 

Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations Total short-term marketable securities Long-term: Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations Total long-term marketable securities 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Short-term: Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations Total short-term marketable securities Long-term: Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations Total long-term marketable securities 
 and the long-term marketable securities have effective maturity dates ranging from one to as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 17 

Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations 2025 Hedge Liabilities: Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Bifurcated Conversion Option of the Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Business acquisition liabilities 
 (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash equivalents Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Government, federal agency, and other sovereign obligations 2025 Hedge Liabilities: Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Bifurcated Conversion Option of the Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Business acquisition liabilities 
 Our marketable securities and certain cash equivalents are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, as we measure their fair value using market prices for similar instruments and inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes and other similar data obtained from quoted market prices or independent pricing vendors. The bifurcated conversion option and 2025 Hedge are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, based on implied equity volatility. The estimated fair value of the 2025 Notes, inclusive of the embedded conversion option, at September 30, 2024 was million. The fair value was determined based on the quoted price of the 2025 Notes in an active market on the last trading day of the reporting period and has been classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair value of the revenue-based business acquisition liabilities was determined using a discounted cash flow model, probability model, and an option pricing methodology. The significant inputs of such models are not observable in the market, such as certain financial metric growth rates, volatility and discount rates, market price risk adjustment, projections associated with the applicable milestone, the interest rate, and the related probabilities and payment structure in the contingent consideration arrangement. 

 18 

- Revenue volatility - Discount rate - Projected year of payment - 
 The change in the carrying value of the business acquisition liabilities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively included the following: Purchase price contingent consideration Changes resulting from foreign currency fluctuations Contingent cash payments Contingent RSU grants Changes in fair value of business acquisition liabilities Contractual payable reclassification Ending balance 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories 
 As part of the NuVasive Merger, a net step up in the value of inventory of million was recorded, with certain acquired inventory receiving a step up of million, and certain acquired inventory receiving a step down of million. The net step up was composed of million for work in process and million for finished goods. The amortization of the inventory step up recorded in product cost of sales was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Of the million amortization in the three months ended September 30, 2024, million related to a prior period catchup of amortization associated with the final measurement period valuation adjustment recorded to the inventory balance. As of September 30, 2024, the total remaining balance of inventory fair value adjustment was a step down of million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net adjustments to cost of sales related to excess and obsolete inventory were million and million, respectively. The net adjustments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflect a combination of additional expense for excess and obsolete related provisions million and million, respectively) offset by sales and disposals million and million, respectively) of inventory for which an excess and obsolete provision was provided previously through expense recognized in prior periods. million and million, respectively. The net adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflect a combination of additional expense for excess and obsolete related provisions million and million, respectively) offset by sales and disposals million and million, respectively) of inventory for which an excess and obsolete provision was provided previously through expense recognized in prior periods. 

 19 

Buildings and improvements Equipment - Instruments, modules, and cases Other property and equipment - Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Total 
 Instruments are hand-held devices used by surgeons to install implants during surgery. Modules and cases are used to store and transport the instruments and implants. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was as follows: 
 Additions and adjustments Foreign exchange December 31, 2023 Additions and adjustments Foreign exchange September 30, 2024 
 Intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 included the following: Customer relationships other intangibles Developed technology Patents Total intangible assets 

20 

Customer relationships other intangibles Developed technology Patents Total intangible assets 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Legal and other settlements and expenses Accrued non-income taxes Royalties Rebates Other Total accrued expenses 
 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025: Principal Unamortized fair value adjustment for acquisition accounting Senior Convertible Notes due 2025: Embedded Conversion Option Debt, net of unamortized fair value adjustments for acquisition accounting 

21 

Amortization of fair value adjustments for acquisition accounting Total interest expense recognized on Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Effective interest rates: Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 
 Line of Credit In September 2023, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement with U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent, Citizens Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentation agent, U.S. Bank National Association and Citizens Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and the other lenders referred to therein (the September 2023 Credit Agreement that provides a revolving credit facility permitting borrowings up to million and has a termination date of . We may request an increase in the revolving commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) million or (ii) so long as the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the September 2023 Credit Agreement) is at least to less than the applicable Leverage Ratio then required under the September 2023 Credit Agreement, an unlimited amount. Revolving Loans under the September 2023 Credit Agreement bear interest at either a base rate or the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) plus, in each case, an applicable margin, as determined in accordance with the provisions of the September 2023 Credit Agreement. The Applicable Margin ranges from to for the Base Rate and to for the Term SOFR Rate. We may also request Swingline Loans (as defined in the September 2023 Credit Agreement) at either the Base Rate or the Daily Term SOFR Rate. The September 2023 Credit Agreement is guaranteed by certain direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The September 2023 Credit Agreement contains financial and other customary covenants, including a funded net indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA ratio. As of September 30, 2024, we have t borrowed under the September 2023 Credit Agreement and we were in compliance with all covenants. 0.375 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 On September 1, 2023, in connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company, NuVasive and Wilmington Trust National Association, as trustee (the Trustee entered into a supplemental agreement (the First Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture, dated March 2, 2020 (the Base Indenture ), by and between NuVasive and the Trustee, relating to NuVasive s million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025. As of the closing date of the Merger, million of aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes were outstanding. Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, the 2025 Notes are convertible into the Company s Class A Common at a conversion rate of shares per principal amount of 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustments. The 2025 Notes may be settled in cash, stock, or a combination thereof, solely at the Company s discretion. Pursuant to the terms of the First Supplemental Indenture, Globus agreed to guarantee NuVasive s obligations under the Indenture. The 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2025 Notes mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Merger constituted a Merger Event as defined in the Base Indenture. In the event of a Merger Event, the Company is required to execute a supplemental indenture providing for (i) each holder of 2025 Notes with the right to convert each principal amount of 2025 Notes into the same type of consideration that holders would have been entitled to receive if such holders had held a number of shares of NuVasive Common Stock equal to the applicable conversion rate in effect immediately prior to such Merger Event, and (ii) subsequent adjustments to the conversion rate set forth in the Base Indenture. Until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding March 15, 2025, holders may convert their 2025 Notes at any time. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company issues a notice of redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2025 Notes in connection with such a corporate event or in connection with such redemption in certain circumstances. principal payments are due on the 2025 Notes prior to maturity. Other than restrictions relating to certain fundamental changes and consolidations, mergers or asset sales and customary anti-dilution adjustments, the 2025 Notes do not contain any financial covenants and do not restrict the Company from conducting significant restructurings, paying dividends or issuing or repurchasing any of its other securities. Upon the initial recognition of the 2025 Notes pursuant to the purchase accounting for the Merger, the embedded conversion feature does not meet the equity scope exception described in ASC 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. The embedded conversion 
 
 22 

million and allocated the residual million of the 2025 Notes fair value to the host debt instrument. As of the September 30, 2024, the fair value of the embedded conversion feature was million. As a result of the Merger and recognizing the fair value of the 2025 Notes, along with the embedded conversion feature, as of the acquisition date, the Company recorded million debt discount to be accreted as interest expense over the life of the notes. 2025 Hedges On September 1, 2023, in connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company, NuVasive, and certain dealers entered into amendment and guarantee agreements with respect to privately negotiated call option transactions 2025 Hedges pursuant to which NuVasive purchased options from such dealers exercisable into its own common stock in connection with the sale of the 2025 Notes. Pursuant to such amendment and guarantee agreements, the 2025 Hedges are exercisable into Globus Class A Common in certain circumstances and the Company guaranteed NuVasive s obligations under the 2025 Hedges. Subject to the amended 2025 Hedge, the Company is entitled to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A Common at a strike price of . The 2025 Hedge will expire on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding March 15, 2025 and is expected to reduce the potential equity dilution upon conversion of the 2025 Notes if the daily volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds the strike price of the 2025 Hedge. In accordance with ASC 805, the Company recognized the 2025 Hedge at an acquisition date fair value of million. The 2025 Hedge does not meet the equity scope exception described in ASC 815-40, Contract in Entity s Own Equity, and will be presented as asset on the consolidated balance sheet with subsequent measurement at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as Other income/(expense) . As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the 2025 Hedge is million recorded within the Other Assets with the consolidated balance sheet. An assumed exercise of the 2025 Hedge by NuVasive is considered anti-dilutive since the effect of the inclusion would always be anti-dilutive with respect to the calculation of diluted earnings per share. 2025 Warrants On September 1, 2023, in connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company, NuVasive, and certain dealers entered into amendment and guarantee agreements with respect to privately negotiated warrant transactions 2025 Warrants ), pursuant to which NuVasive sold warrants to such dealers for its own common stock in connection with the initial sale of the 2025 Notes. Pursuant to such amendment and guarantee agreements, the warrants are exercisable into Globus Class A Common in certain circumstances and the Company guaranteed NuVasive s obligations under the 2025 Warrants. Subject to the amended 2025 Warrants, the holders of the 2025 Warrants are entitled to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of . The 2025 Warrants will expire on various dates from June 2025 through October 2025 and may be settled in net shares or cash, at the Company s election. million within additional paid-in capital. The 2025 Warrants could have a dilutive effect on the Company s earnings per share to the extent that the price of the Company s common stock during a given measurement period exceeds the strike price of the 2025 Warrants, which is per share. The Company uses the treasury share method for assumed exercise of its 2025 Warrants to compute the weighted average common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share. million of the Company s Class A common stock Class A Common ). On March 4, 2022, the share repurchase program was expanded by authorizing the Company to repurchase an additional million of the Company s Class A Common. On September 27, 2023, the share repurchase program was expanded by authorizing the Company to repurchase an additional million of the Company s Class A Common. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. The Company repurchased shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company repurchased million shares under this program at an average price of , for a total dollar amount of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has remaining authorization to repurchase a total of million of the Company s Class A Common. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, debt covenant requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. F unding of share repurchases is expected to come from operating cash flows and excess cash. Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for under the constructive retirement method, in which the shares repurchased are immediately retired, as there is no plan to reissue the shares. The value of the retired shares includes the 1 excise tax accrual as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Company made an accounting policy election to charge the excess of repurchase price over par value entirely to retained earnings. 

 23 

authorized shares of common stock. Of the authorized number of shares of common stock, shares are designated as Class A Common, and shares are designated as Class B common stock Class B Common ). The holders of Class A Common are entitled to vote for each share of Class A Common held. The holders of Class B Common are entitled to votes for each share of Class B Common held. Each share of our Class B Common is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into share of our Class A Common. In addition, each share of our Class B Common will convert automatically into share of our Class A Common upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for permitted transfers. For more details relating to the conversion of our Class B Common please see Exhibit 4.2, Description of Securities of the Registrant filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K on February 21, 2024. The holders of Class A Common and Class B Common vote together as one class of common stock. Except for voting rights, the Class A Common and Class B Common have the same rights and privileges. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The tables below present the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), including current period other comprehensive income/(loss) and reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, at September 30, 2024 
 (In thousands) Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, at December 31, 2022 Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, at September 30, 2023 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, related to unrealized gains/losses on marketable securities were released to other income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Earnings Per Common Share The Company computes basic earnings per share using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share assumes the conversion, exercise or issuance of all potential common stock equivalents, unless the effect of inclusion would be anti-dilutive. For purposes of this calculation, common stock equivalents include the Company s stock options, unvested RSUs, and PRSUs. These are included in basic net income per share as of the date that all necessary conditions have been satisfied and are included in the denominator for dilutive calculation for the entire period if such shares would be issuable as of the end of the reporting period assuming the end of the reporting period was the end of the contingency period. 
 
 24 

Interest and amortization of debt discount costs on the Senior Convertible Notes due 2025, net of tax Adjusted net income (loss) for diluted Denominator for basic and diluted net income per share: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic Dilutive stock options, RSUs, and PRSUs Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive stock options and RSUs excluded from the calculation Anti-dilutive warrants excluded from the calculation Anti-dilutive Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 excluded from the calculation Total 
 stock plans: our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan and our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), the NuVasive 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the NuVasive 2014 Plan ), and the Ellipse Technologies 2015 Incentive Award Plan (the Ellipse 2015 Plan ). The 2021 Plan, the NuVasive 2014 Plan and the Ellipse 2015 Plan are the only active stock plans. The purpose of the 2012 Plan was, and of the 2021 Plan is, to provide incentive to employees, directors, and consultants of Globus. The 2012 Plan, 2021 Plan, and Ellipse 2015 Plan are administered by the Board of Directors of Globus (the Board or its delegates. The number, type of option, exercise price, and vesting terms are determined by the Board or its delegates in accordance with the terms of the 2012 Plan and 2021 Plan. The options granted expire on a date specified by the Board, which is from the grant date. Options granted to employees vest in varying installments over a four-year period. The 2012 Plan was approved by our Board in March 2012, and by our stockholders in June 2012. The 2012 Plan terminated as to new awards pursuant to its terms in 2022. Following effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, we have t issued any additional awards under the 2012 Plan; however, awards previously granted under the 2012 Plan remain outstanding and are administered by our Board under the terms and conditions of the 2012 Plan. Under the 2012 Plan, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common that were able to be issued subject to options and other awards is equal to the sum of (i) shares, (ii) any shares available for issuance under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan as of March 13, 2012, (iii) any shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2008 Plan as of March 13, 2012 that, on or after that date, are forfeited, terminated, expired or lapse for any reason, or are settled for cash without delivery of shares and (iv) starting January 1, 2013, an annual increase in the number of shares available under the 2012 Plan equal to up to of the number of shares of our common and preferred stock outstanding at the end of the previous year, as determined by our Board. The number of shares that were able to be issued or transferred pursuant to incentive stock options under the 2012 Plan was limited to shares. The shares of Class A Common covered by the 2012 Plan included authorized but unissued shares, treasury shares or shares of common stock purchased on the open market. The 2021 Plan was approved by our Board in March 2021, and by our stockholders in June 2021. Under the 2021 Plan, as amended to date, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common that are able to be issued subject to options and other awards is equal to the sum of (i) shares, (ii) any shares available for issuance under the 2012 Plan as of June 3, 2021 and (iii) any shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2012 Plan or 2021 Plan as of June 3, 2021 that, on or after that date, are forfeited, terminated, 

 25 

shares. The shares of Class A Common covered by the 2021 Plan include authorized but unissued shares, treasury shares or shares of common stock purchased on the open market. In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed outstanding awards for the RSUs and PRSUs under the NuVasive 2014 Plan and the Ellipse 2015 Plan in accordance with the terms in the Merger Agreement. The ultimate issuance amount of the PRSUs is determined by the Company s Compensation Committee. Share payout levels range from to depending on the respective terms of an award. As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to the 2021 Plan, the NuVasive 2014 Plan, and the Ellipse 2015 Plan, there were shares, shares, and shares, respectively, of Class A Common reserved and shares, shares, and shares, respectively of Class A Common available for future grants. The NuVasive 2014 Plan terminated as to new awards pursuant to its terms in the second quarter of 2024. Stock Options Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. - - Expected term (years) - - Expected volatility - - Expected dividend yield 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was and per share, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was and per share, respectively. 
 
 26 

Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Performance-based restricted stock unit activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is summarized as follows: Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Stock-Based Compensation Compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees and non-employees under the Plans was as follows: Stock-based compensation expense classified in Acquisition-Related Costs Net stock-based compensation capitalized into inventory Total stock-based compensation cost 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested employee stock options, RSUs, and PRSUs that vest over a weighted average period of years. 

 27 

million in the current period and a higher stock compensation windfall benefit of million, partially offset by higher income before income taxes of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in the effective tax rate was due primarily to a benefit from a release of tax reserves of million in the current period, a higher stock compensation windfall benefit of million, and lower income before income taxes of million. Research and Development Selling, General and Administrative Restructuring Costs Total restructuring and other costs 
 The following table provides a summary of activity related to the restructuring program for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: Charges Cash Payments Settled non-cash September 30, 2024 
 to . Certain lease agreements require the Company to pay taxes, insurance, and maintenance, and provide for options to extend the term beyond the initial lease termination date. We use judgment to determine whether it is reasonably possible that we will extend the lease beyond the initial term and the length of the 

 28 

months are treated as short-term and we do not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for such leases. We generally estimate discount rates using our incremental borrowing rate, and based on other information available, at commencement date of a lease when determining the present value of future payments as most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate. The Company includes financing lease right-of-use assets in other assets, short-term financing lease liabilities in accrued expenses, and long-term financing lease liabilities in other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease expense is recognized, on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, as a component of operating income on the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. Finance leases amortize the right-of-use assets and amortize the interest on the lease liability over the term of the lease. Amounts reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheet were as follows: 
 Finance lease right-of-use asset Total leased assets Liabilities: Current: Operating lease liability Finance lease liability Long-term: Operating lease liability Finance lease liability Total lease liabilities 
 The table below summarizes the Company s lease costs arising from the operating and financing lease obligations: Finance lease expense Depreciation of right-of-use asset Interest expense on lease liabilities Total lease expense 
 Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest Present value of obligations under leases Less: current portion Long-term lease obligations 

29 

Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Financing leases Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases Financing leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Financing leases 

30 

t recorded a liability, outside of counsel fees, related to this litigation as of September 30, 2024 . operating segments, Musculoskeletal Solutions and Enabling Technologies, based on how management reviews the business, makes investing and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. We aggregate these operating segments into reportable segment, based on conclusions reached after considering relevant factors such as economic similarity, customer base, regulatory environment, production processes, nature of services and products provided, and our comprehensive approach to product development and offerings targeting patient needs through procedural-based solutions. The following table represents total net sales, net by geographic area, based on the location of the customer: International Total 
 The following table represents total property and equipment, net by geographic area, based on the location of the customer: Property and Equipment, Net As of September 30, December 31, (In thousands) 2024 2023 United States International Total 

31 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2023, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. Overview Globus Medical, Inc. (together, as applicable, with its consolidated subsidiaries, Globus, we, us or our ), headquartered in Audubon, Pennsylvania, is a medical device company that develops and commercializes healthcare solutions and whose mission is to improve the quality of life of patients with musculoskeletal disorders. Founded in 2003, Globus is committed to medical device innovation and delivering exceptional service to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and physicians to advance patient care and improve efficiency. Since inception, Globus has listened to the voice of the surgeon to develop practical solutions and products to help surgeons effectively treat patients and improve lives. We are an engineering-driven company with a history of rapidly developing and commercializing advanced products and procedures to address treatment challenges. With numerous products launched since the founding of the Company, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of innovative and differentiated technologies that treat a variety of musculoskeletal conditions. We separate our products and services into two major categories: Musculoskeletal Solutions and Enabling Technologies . NuVasive Merger On September 1, 2023, pursuant to that certain merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with NuVasive, Inc. NuVasive and Zebra Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into NuVasive, with NuVasive surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Under the Merger Agreement, each share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of NuVasive issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than certain excluded shares as described in the Merger Agreement) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.75 fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A common stock of Globus Medical, 0.001 par value per share, and the right to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. Product Service Categories While we group our revenue into two categories, Musculoskeletal Solutions and Enabling Technologies, they are not limited to a particular technology, platform or surgical approach. Instead, our goal is to offer a comprehensive product suite that can be used to safely and effectively treat patients based on their specific anatomy and condition, and is customized to the surgeon s training and surgical preference. Musculoskeletal Solutions Our Musculoskeletal Solutions consist primarily of implantable devices, biologics, accessories, unique surgical instruments, and neuromonitoring services, used in an expansive range of spinal, orthopedic and neurosurgical procedures. Musculoskeletal disorders are a leading driver of healthcare costs worldwide. Disorders range in severity from mild pain and loss of feeling to extreme pain and paralysis. These disorders are primarily caused by degenerative and congenital conditions, deformity, tumors and traumatic injuries. Treatment alternatives for musculoskeletal disorders range from non-operative conservative therapies to surgical interventions depending on the pathology. Conservative therapies include bed rest, medication, casting, bracing, and physical therapy. When conservative therapies are not indicated, or fail to provide adequate quality of life improvements, surgical interventions may be used. Surgical treatments for musculoskeletal disorders can be instrumented, which include the use of implants, or non-instrumented, which forego the use of hardware but may include biologics. Our neuromonitoring services use proprietary software-driven nerve detection and avoidance technology and include IONM to aid spine surgery. Enabling Technologies Our Enabling Technologies are comprised of imaging, navigation and robotics INR solutions for assisted surgery which are advanced computer-assisted intelligent systems designed to enhance a surgeon s capabilities, and ultimately improve patient care and reduce radiation exposure for all involved, by streamlining surgical procedures to be safer, less invasive, and more accurate. The market for our Enabling Technologies in spine and orthopedic surgery is still in its infancy stage and consists primarily of imaging, navigation and robotic systems. In spine, a majority of these technologies are limited to surgical planning and assistance in implant placement for increased accuracy and time savings with less intraoperative radiation exposure to the patient and surgical staff. As our Enabling Technologies become more fully integrated with our Musculoskeletal Solutions, a continued rise in adoption is expected. Furthermore, we believe as new technologies such as augmented reality and artificial intelligence are introduced, Enabling Technologies have the potential to transform the way surgery is performed and most importantly, continue to improve patient outcomes. 

 32 

Geographic Information To date, the primary market for our products and services has been within the United States, where we sell our products and services through a combination of direct sales representatives employed by us and distributor sales representatives employed by exclusive independent distributors, who distribute our products for a commission that is generally based on a percentage of sales. We believe there is significant opportunity to strengthen our position in the U.S. market by increasing the size of our U.S. sales force and we intend to add additional direct and distributor sales representatives in the future. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, international net sales accounted for approximately 20.6 of our total net sales. We have sold our products and services in approximately 65 countries other than the United States through a combination of sales representatives employed by us and exclusive international distributors. We believe there are significant opportunities for us to increase our presence in both existing and new international markets through the continued expansion of our direct and distributor sales forces and through the commercialization of additional products. Seasonality Our business is generally not seasonal in nature. However, sales of our Musculoskeletal Solutions products and Neuromonitoring Services may be influenced by summer vacation and winter holiday periods during which we have experienced fewer surgeries taking place, as well as more surgeries taking place later in the year when patients have met the deductibles under insurance plans. Sales of our Enabling Technologies products may be influenced by longer capital purchase cycles and the timing of budget approvals for major capital purchases. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting periods. Except for updates to accounting policies and estimates as a result of the Merger described in Note 2 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, there have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates as previously disclosed in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2023 . 

 33 

Results of Operations We manage our business globally within two operating segments, which is consistent with how our management reviews our business, makes investment and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. We have concluded that these operating segments are aggregated into one reportable segment, based on the aggregation criteria. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net Sales The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our net sales by geography expressed as dollar amounts and the changes in net sales between the specified periods expressed in dollar amounts and as percentages: Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 United States 495,789 309,315 186,474 60.3 International 129,916 74,324 55,592 74.8 Total net sales 625,705 383,639 242,066 63.1 
 In the United States, the increase in net sales was 186.5 million, or 60.3 , for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 and was significantly driven by the Merger. From a product standpoint, domestic musculoskeletal solutions sales increased by 172.9 million, mainly driven by sales increases in spine products of 146.1 million, and neuromonitoring solution product and services of 17.1 million. Domestic enabling technology sales increased by 13.5 million compared to the prior year, driven by higher unit placement. International net sales increased by 55.6 million, or 74.8 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 and was significantly driven by the Merger. From a product standpoint, the increase was mainly due to musculoskeletal solutions sales increase of 58.5 million, primarily due to spine products. Regionally, the increase was driven by sales growth in the Europe and Middle East EMEA region by 27.1 million, Latin America LATAM region by 6.4 million and Asia Pacific APAC region by 21.5 million. International enabling technology sales decreased by 2.9 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 . Cost of Sales Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Cost of sales (exclusive of amortization of intangibles) 270,515 135,390 135,125 99.8 Percentage of net sales 43.2 35.3 
 The 135.1 million or 99.8 increase in cost of sales was driven primarily by increases to inventory product costs of 59.4 million from increased volume significantly due to the Merger. Additionally, there was increased amortization of inventory fair value step-up of 41.7 million, due to three months of post-acquisition amortization occurring in the current period as compared to one month in the prior period. Further, increases in costs of sales were also impacted by increased depreciation of 9.9 million, and increased changes in excess and obsolete inventory reserves of 5.2 million. Research and Development Expenses Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Research and development 35,380 29,329 6,051 20.6 Percentage of net sales 5.7 7.6 
 The 6.1 million or 20.6 increase in research and development expenses shows our continued investment in product development. This increase was primarily driven by increased personnel related expenses of 4.7 million due to increased headcount and parts expended in development of 1.3 million. 

 34 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Selling, general and administrative 240,738 156,206 84,532 54.1 Percentage of net sales 38.5 40.7 
 The increase of 84.5 million or 54.1 in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by increases to personnel related expenses by 60.3 million due to increased headcount primarily from the Merger, increases to taxes and fees by 4.6 million, consulting and outside service expenses by 4.6 million, and rent expenses by 4.1 million. Provision for Litigation, net Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Provision for litigation, net (676) 2,924 (3,600) -123.1 Percentage of net sales -0.1 0.8 
 The 3.6 million decrease in provision for litigation, net was due to a favorable legal settlements of 0.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the provision expense recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of Intangibles Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amortization of intangibles 30,076 13,761 16,315 118.6 Percentage of net sales 4.8 3.6 
 Amortization of intangibles increased by 16.3 million or 118.6 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2023, due to the impact of the intangibles acquired from NuVasive, which had 25.9 million amortization in the current period. Acquisition-Related Costs Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Acquisition-related costs (3,617) 45,625 (49,242) -107.9 Percentage of net sales -0.6 11.9 
 The decrease in acquisition-related costs compared to prior year was due primarily to the closing of the merger with NuVasive during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the prior period, costs incurred primarily related to employee-related costs of 34.0 million and banking and legal fees contingent on the merger closing of 9.5 million. In the current period, a benefit of 3.6 million was recognized due to an adjustment in the classification of associated costs. Restructuring Costs Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Restructuring Costs 5,191 5,191 Percentage of net sales 0.8 0.0 
 The restructuring costs of 5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were driven by 2024 Synergy Plan employee termination benefits. 

 35 

Other Income/(expense), Net Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Other income/(expense), net 8,934 2,131 6,803 319.2 Percentage of net sales 1.4 0.6 
 The increase of 6.8 million in other income/(expense), was primarily due to 15.6 million of foreign currency gain offset by increases in interest expense of 6.0 million, from amortization of the fair value adjustment on the 2025 Notes from acquisition accounting and other contractual interest incurred. Additionally, interest income decreased by 2.5 million driven by a lower average marketable securities portfolio size in the current period. Income Tax Provision Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Income tax provision 5,196 1,537 3,659 238.0 Effective income tax rate 9.1 60.7 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate was due primarily to a benefit from a release of tax reserves of 2.9 million in the current period and a higher stock compensation windfall benefit of 1.5 million, partially offset by higher income before income taxes of 54.5 million. A discussion of our Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 can be found in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Results of Operations; Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30 2022. on our Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2023 . Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net Sales The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our net sales by geography expressed as dollar amounts and the changes in net sales between the specified periods expressed in dollar amounts and as percentages: Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 United States 1,478,174 788,924 689,250 87.4 International 383,888 163,018 220,870 135.5 Total net sales 1,862,062 951,942 910,120 95.6 
 In the United States, the increase in net sales was 689.3 million, or 87.4 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and was significantly driven by the Merger. From a product standpoint, domestic musculoskeletal solutions increased by 667.6 million, mainly driven by sales increases in spine products of 556.1 million and neuromonitoring solution product and services of 77.4 million. Enabling technology increased by 21.7 million compared to the prior year, driven by higher unit placement. International net sales increased by 220.9 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and was driven significantly by the Merger. From a product standpoint, it was mainly due to musculoskeletal solutions sales increase of 223.0 million, primarily due to spine products. The increase was driven by sales growth in the EMEA region by 95.8 million, the LATAM region by 25.7 million and the APAC region by 80.8 million, respectively. International enabling technology decreased by 2.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 

 36 

Cost of Sales Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Cost of sales 772,042 282,688 489,354 173.1 Percentage of net sales 41.5 29.7 
 The 489.4 million or 173 increase in cost of sales was driven primarily by increases to inventory product costs of 220.0 million from increased volume significantly due to the Merger. Additionally, there was increased amortization of inventory fair value step-up of 149.0 million due to nine months of post-acquisition amortization occurring in the current period as compared to one month in the prior period. Further, increases in costs of sales were impacted by increased depreciation of 34.8 million, and increased changes in excess and obsolete inventory reserves of 11.8 million. Research and Development Expenses Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Research and development 130,346 71,758 58,588 81.6 Percentage of net sales 7.0 7.5 
 The 58.6 million or 81.6 increase in research and development expenses shows our continued investment in product development. This increase was primarily driven by increased personnel related expenses of 35.7 million due to increased headcount, and acquired IPR D charge of 12.6 million from the asset acquisition closed in the first quarter of 2024. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Selling, general and administrative 727,567 398,691 328,876 82.5 Percentage of net sales 39.1 41.9 
 The net increase of 328.9 million or 82.5 in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased personnel related expenses of 240.1 million driven by increased headcount primarily from the Merger. Additionally, taxes and fees increased by 21.4 million, consulting and outside service expenses by 14.9 million, and rent expenses by 11.3 million. Provision for Litigation, net Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Provision for litigation, net 628 184 444 241.3 Percentage of net sales 0.0 0.0 
 The provision for litigation was consistent across the periods, with net provision charge slightly higher in the current period as compared to the prior period . The main driver in the current period was a case accrual for 0.8 million along with adjustments to other reserves, partially offset by a favorable settlement of 0.7 million. 

 37 

Amortization of Intangibles Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amortization of intangibles 89,461 22,909 66,552 290.5 Percentage of net sales 4.8 2.4 
 Amortization of intangibles increased by 66.6 million, or 290.5 , for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023, due to the impact of the intangibles acquired from NuVasive, which had 77.3 million amortization in the current period. Acquisition-Related Costs Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Acquisition-related costs 12,535 52,693 (40,158) -76.2 Percentage of net sales 0.7 5.5 
 The decrease in acquisition-related costs compared to prior year was due primarily to the closing of the merger with NuVasive during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the current period, the cost of 12.5 million was primarily driven by the charge of 8.6 million recorded as a change to the fair value of business acquisition liabilities resulting from changes in contract terms, market conditions and the achievement of certain performance conditions. Additionally, there was an increase of 1.5 million in employee related costs. During the prior period, costs incurred are primarily related to the closing of the Merger, including employee-related costs personnel related charges for fees and severance of 34.0 million and banking and legal fees contingent on the merger closing of 9.5 million. Restructuring Costs Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Restructuring Costs 23,766 23,766 100.0 Percentage of net sales 1.3 0.0 
 The restructuring costs of 23.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were due to employee termination benefits associated with the 2024 Synergy Plan . Other Income/(expense), Net Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Other income, net (9,662) 17,379 (27,041) -155.6 Percentage of net sales -0.5 1.8 
 The decrease of 27.0 million in other income/(expense), was primarily due to higher interest expense of 20.7 million, from amortization of the fair value adjustment on the 2025 Notes from acquisition accounting and other contractual interest incurred. In addition, interest income decreased by 7.0 million driven from a lower average marketable securities portfolio size in the current period. Income Tax Provision Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Income tax provision 19,576 32,560 (12,984) -39.9 Effective income tax rate 20.4 23.2 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate was due primarily to a benefit from a release of tax reserves of 3.7 million in the current period, a higher stock compensation windfall benefit of 2.1 million, and lower income before income taxes of 44.3 million. 

 38 

A discussion of our Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 can be found in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Results of Operations; Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022. on our Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2023 . Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal source of liquidity is cash flow from operating activities as well as our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, which we believe will provide sufficient funding for us to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. Our principal liquidity requirements are to fund working capital, research and development, including clinical trials, capital expenditures primarily related to investment in surgical sets required to maintain and expand our business, contingent consideration achievement obligations, potential future business or intellectual property acquisitions, and to service our 2025 Notes. We expect to continue to make investments in surgical sets as we launch new products, increase the size of our U.S. sales force, and expand into international markets. Our Senior Convertible Notes, with a principal balance of 450 million are due March 2025. We anticipate being able to support this need through existing or new sources of liquidity. Future litigation or requirements to escrow funds could also materially impact our liquidity and our ability to invest in and operate our business on an ongoing basis. We may, require additional liquidity as we continue to execute our business strategy. To the extent that we require new sources of liquidity, we may consider incurring debt, including borrowing against our existing credit facility, convertible debt instruments, and/or raising additional funds through an equity offering. The sale of additional equity may result in dilution to our stockholders. There is no assurance that we will be able to secure such additional funding on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Line of Credit In September 2023, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement with U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent, Citizens Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentation agent, U.S. Bank National Association and Citizens Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and the other lenders referred to therein (the September 2023 Credit Agreement ), that provides a revolving credit facility permitting borrowings up to 400.0 million and has a termination date of September 27, 2028. We may request an increase in the revolving commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) 200 million or (ii) so long as the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the September 2023 Credit Agreement) is at least 0.25 to 1.00 less than the applicable Leverage Ratio then required under the September 2023 Credit Agreement, an unlimited amount. Revolving Loans under the September 2023 Credit Agreement bear interest at either a base rate or the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the September 2023 Credit Agreement) plus, in each case, an applicable margin, as determined in accordance with the provisions of the September 2023 Credit Agreement. The Applicable Margin ranges from 0.125 to 0.625 for the Base Rate and 1.125 to 1.625 for the Term SOFR Rate. We may also request Swingline Loans (as defined in the September 2023 Credit Agreement) at either the Base Rate or the Daily Term SOFR Rate. The September 2023 Credit Agreement is guaranteed by certain direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The September 2023 Credit Agreement contains financial and other customary covenants, including a funded net indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA ratio. As of September 30, 2024, we have not borrowed under the September 2023 Credit Agreement and we are in compliance with all covenants. Cash Flows The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities: Nine Months Ended 2024-2023 September 30, Change (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 310,299 138,825 171,474 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (71,929) (17,647) (54,282) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities (87,429) 5,449 (92,878) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 4,533 2,527 2,006 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 155,474 129,154 26,320 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities The higher net cash provided by operating activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of higher net income after adjusting out non-cash add-backs and non-cash expenses, primarily due to the Merger. These include increased amortization of purchase accounting related fair value step up of inventory of 149.0 million, increased depreciation and amortization of 112.2 million, and increased amortization of the fair value step up with respect to our 2025 Note of 20.0 million, partially offset by unfavorable changes in accounts receivable of 63.6 million, deferred income taxes of 46.7 million, and accrued expenses and other liabilities of 20.2 million. 

 39 

Cash Used in Investing Activities The higher cash used in investing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was due primarily to less inflows from net maturities of marketable securities of 289.8 million as we manage our liquidity, as well as increased purchases of property and equipment of 42.9 million primarily from increased production resulting from the Merger. These were partially offset by decreased outflows for the acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired of 278.4 million, with immaterial acquisitions occurring in the current period as compared to the prior period that was primarily driven by the Merger. Cash Used in Financing Activities The higher net cash used in financing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of increased repurchases of Class A common stock of 84.8 million, and increased payments of business acquisition-related liabilities of 31.1 million, partially offset by higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 29.8 million. A discussion of our Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 can be found in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Results of Operations; Cash Flows. on our Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2023 . Contractual Obligations and Commitments In connection with the NuVasive merger, the Company acquired additional obligations and commitments, including, but not limited to i) the 2025 Notes, with a principal balance of 450.0 million, ii) contingent consideration arrangements associated with certain historical NuVasive acquisitions, and iii) operating lease and finance lease obligations. Refer to the Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further description of our 2025 Notes (Note 11), contingent consideration arrangements (Notes 6 and 12), and lease obligations (Note 15). Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements For further details on recently issued accounting pronouncements, please refer to Part I; Item 1. Financial Statements; Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited); Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies; (q) Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements above. Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. We have tried to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as believe, may, might, could, will, aim, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, plan and similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current assumptions, expectations and estimates of future events and trends. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to many risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our businesses and operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks and costs associated with the integration of the NuVasive business and our ability to successfully integrate and achieve anticipated synergies with the integration, health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, factors affecting our quarterly results, our ability to manage our growth, our ability to sustain our profitability, demand for our products, our ability to compete successfully (including without limitation our ability to convince surgeons to use our products and our ability to attract and retain sales and other personnel), our ability to rapidly develop and introduce new products, our ability to develop and execute on successful business strategies, our ability to comply with changes and applicable laws and regulations that are applicable to our businesses, our ability to safeguard our intellectual property, our success in defending legal proceedings brought against us, trends in the medical device industry, and general economic conditions, and other risks set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and throughout our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2023 , particularly those set forth under Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk , and those discussed in other documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no 

 40 

obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, events or circumstances or other factors arising or coming to our attention after the date hereof. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk We have evaluated the information required under this item that was disclosed under Item 7A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2023 and there have been no significant changes to this information. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our CEO and CFO, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. For example, these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

 41 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are involved in a number of proceedings, legal actions and claims. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and the outcomes of these matters are not within our control and may not be known for prolonged periods of time. In some actions, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, including injunctions prohibiting us from engaging in certain activities, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures and/or result in lost revenues. For further details on the material legal proceedings to which we are currently a party, please refer to Part I; Item 1. Financial Statements; Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited); Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies above. In addition, we are subject to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations and that could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition are discussed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. You should carefully read and consider each of these risks, together with all of the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The risks and uncertainties described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and future growth prospects, and our stock price. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer We repurchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock pursuant to the publicly announced share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors in March 2020 and the expansion of the stock repurchase plan authorized by the Board of Directors in March 2022. On September 27, 2023, the share repurchase program was expanded by authorizing the Company to repurchase an additional 350.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock. The following table provides the activity related to share repurchases for the third quarter of 2024. (In thousands except for per share prices) Period Total number of shares purchased (a) Average price paid per share (b) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (a) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (a) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 190,261 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 190,261 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 190,261 Total 
 (a) On March 11, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program that allows for the repurchase up to 200 million of the Company s Class A common stock. On March 4, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the expansion of the share repurchase program of the Company s Class A common stock by an additional 200 million. On September 27, 2023, the share repurchase program was expanded by authorizing the Company to repurchase an additional 350.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock . The shares may be purchased through privately negotiated or open market transactions. This program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. (b) Inclusive of an immaterial amount of commission fees. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 

 42 

Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Where so indicated, exhibits that were previously filed are incorporated by reference. For exhibits incorporated by reference, the location of the exhibit in the previous filing is indicated in parentheses. Exhibit No. Item 31.1 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish on a supplemental basis a copy of the omitted schedules and exhibits to the Commission upon request. 

43 

SIGNA TURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. Dated: November 5, 2024 /s/ DANIEL T. SCAVILLA Daniel T. Scavilla President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Dated: November 5, 2024 /s/ KEITH PFEIL Keith Pfeil Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Chief Accounting Officer Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gmed-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification By Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Da niel T. Scavilla , certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Globus Medical, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

November 5 , 202 4 

/s/ DANIEL T. SCAVILLA 

Da niel T. Scavilla 

Chief Executive Officer 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gmed-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification By Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Keith Pfeil , certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Globus Medical, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

November 5 , 202 4 

/s/ KEITH PFEIL 

Keith Pfeil 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 gmed-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 

Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), Da niel T. Scavilla , Chief Executive Officer, and Keith Pfeil , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Globus Medical, Inc. (the Company ), each certifies with respect to the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 3 0 , 202 4 (the Report that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 

November 5 , 202 4 

/s/ DANIEL T. SCAVILLA 

Daniel T. Scavilla 

Chief Executive Officer 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 

November 5 , 202 4 

/s/ KEITH PFEIL 

Keith Pfeil 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gmed-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 gmed-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gmed-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gmed-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gmed-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

