<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241115_10-Q_edgar_data_1894951_0001213900-24-099103.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4132776</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>936779</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>828476</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019709</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1186595</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-099103.hdr.sgml : 20241115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241115160943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-099103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Blockchain Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001894951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41381
		FILM NUMBER:		241467923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6555 SANGER ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4077209250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6555 SANGER ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-099103.txt : 20241115

10-Q
 1
 ea0220784-10q_global.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 15, 2024, there were shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 27 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

Item 5. Other Information 
 28 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 29 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 30 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from related party 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Advance from related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Excise tax liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares at redemption value of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, excluding 745,853 and 2,429,380 shares subject to possible redemption, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock, non-redeemable shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax related to redemptions 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 
 Retained 
 
 Total Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise taxes related to redemptions 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Due from related party 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Advances from related party 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for federal income taxes and franchise taxes 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Excise taxes payable related to redemptions 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private
placement to the Sponsor, I-Bankers Securities, Inc. I-Bankers and Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson James (together, the Private Placement Warrants ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting fees, and of other offering costs, which includes the fair value of the issuance of representative
shares of . 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the value of the assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

5 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and private placement were placed in a Trust Account Trust Account and were invested in United States government treasury
bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii)
the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares
if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the combination period, or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, or (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s public
shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within the combination period, subject to applicable law. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only
in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States
Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will
be restricted to these instruments, the Company believes it will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. If the Company was deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which it has not allotted funds and may hinder its ability to consummate a Business
Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination, its public stockholders may receive only approximately
 per share on the liquidation of its trust account and its warrants will expire worthless. 

The Company will provide its public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of its initial Business Combination either
(i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by
the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would require it to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. The Company
will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of its
initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of its initial Business Combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in
the trust account is initially anticipated to be per public share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the business combination marketing fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James. 

The shares of common stock subject to redemption
were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. 

6 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

of the shares of the Company s common stock issued in the Company s initial public offering, from August 12, 2023, monthly
for up to nine additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as late as June 12, 2024. In connection with the vote,
 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of million. Subsequently,
on March 7, 2024, the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders to, among other things, vote on the proposal to amend the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination or, if
it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase of the shares of the Company s common stock issued in the
Company s initial public offering, from June 12, 2024, monthly for up to six additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately
until as late as November 12, 2024 (the Extension , and such extension date the Extended Date ). In connection
with the vote, shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of million. 

If the Company is unable to complete an initial
Business Combination by September 12, 2024, as extended monthly for up to six months (ultimately until as late as November 12, 2024),
or amend its charter to further extend the business combination period, it will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable, and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to its obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will
be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the
Company fail to complete its Business Combination within the combination period. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company
has approved and funded the extension of its business combination period through September 12, 2024. 

On May 7, 2024, the Company held its 2024 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (the 2024 Meeting ), at which the Company s stockholders of record approved a proposal to
amend and restate the Company s charter to extend the Company s combination period monthly, for up to six months, from May
12, 2024 ultimately until as late as November 12, 2024. In connection with the charter amendment, holders of shares of the
Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares at a per share redemption price of approximately . As
a result, approximately million was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following these redemptions,
the Company has shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding, shares of which have redemption rights. As of May 8,
2024, approximately million remained in the Trust Account. 

On November 5, 2024, the Company convened and adjourned a special meeting
of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). On November 8, 2024, the Company reconvened and held the Special Meeting at which
the Company s stockholders of record approved a proposal to amend and restate the Company s charter to extend the Company s
combination period monthly, for up to nine months, from November 12, 2024 ultimately until as late as August 12, 2025. In connection with
the charter amendment, holders of shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares at a per
share redemption price of approximately . As a result, approximately million was removed from the Company s Trust Account
to pay such holders. Following these redemptions, the Company has shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding, shares
of which have redemption rights. As of November 8, 2024, approximately million remained in the Trust Account. As of the date of
this Quarterly Report, the Company has approved and funded the extension of its business combination period through December 12, 2024. 

On May 7, 2024, the Company received a letter
(the Total Shareholders Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that it is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), which requires the Company to maintain at least
400 total holders for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. The Company submitted an application for a transfer of its listed
securities from the Nasdaq Global Market to the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 21, 2024 (the Application ). The Application
to transfer the listing of its securities was granted on June 28, 2024, and the transfer became effective on July 2, 2024 Transfer ).
As a result of the Transfer, the deficiencies cited until the Total Shareholders Notice have been rendered moot. 

The Sponsor, holders of the representative shares,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if
the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the combination period (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame). The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of its initial Business Combination. 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to
below (i) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be released to the
Company to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust
Account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

7 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

in operating cash, in cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common
stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of . Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due
diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until as late as August 12, 2025 to consummate a Business Combination. It is
uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not
consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined
that the Company s liquidity position and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends
to complete a Business Combination; however, the Company cannot guarantee that a Business Combination will take place. No
adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
December 12, 2024. As of the date of this Report, the Company has approved and funded the extension of its business
combination period through December 12, 2024. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions,
the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately
consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a
transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result
of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company
or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial
position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

8 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

interest per annum and a underpayment penalty
per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

As previously reported, the Company received the
Total Shareholders Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company
that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), which required the Company to maintain at least 400 total holders for
continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. 

In connection with the foregoing, the Company
submitted an application for a transfer of its listed securities from the Nasdaq Global Market to the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 21,
2024 (the Application ). The Application to transfer the listing of its securities was granted on June 28, 2024, and the
transfer became effective on July 2, 2024 Transfer ). As a result of the Transfer, the deficiencies cited until the Total
Shareholders Notice have been rendered moot. 

9 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

were charged to common stock subject to possible redemption upon the completion of Initial Public Offering. 

10 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

11 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of 
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

12 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

13 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units,
at a purchase price of per Unit. Each unit that the Company sold in the Initial Public Offering had a price of and consists
of share of common stock, redeemable warrant, and right, which right entitles the holder to one-tenth share of common stock
upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

warrants at a price of 
per warrant in the aggregate) in a private placement. Of such amount, (i) warrants were purchased by the Sponsor,
(ii) warrants were purchased by I-Bankers and (iii) warrants were purchased by Dawson James. 

The private placement warrants (including the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will (with limited exceptions) not be transferable, assignable
or salable until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long
as they are held by the original holders or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions
that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the Initial Public Offering. If the private placement warrants
are held by holders other than the original holders or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the Initial Public
Offering. 

If holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares
of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y)
the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the
 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. 

14 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

, or approximately
 per share, to cover certain of the offering costs in exchange for an aggregate of shares of common stock, par value 
per share (the Founder Shares ). 

The initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business
Combination that results in all of the Company s public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for
cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under Principal Stockholders Transfers of Founder Shares.
Private Placement Warrants and Underlying Securities ). The Company refers to such transfer restrictions throughout this Report
as the lock-up . 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale
price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination,
the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on May 9, 2022, to pay an affiliate of the Company s officers a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial
support and other administrative and consulting services. Upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or its liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred
 and for these services, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed and 
for these services, respectively. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On August 17, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of . The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no outstanding amounts under the
Promissory Note. The outstanding amount of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 12, 2022. Borrowings
under the Promissory Note are no longer available. 

Due from Related Party 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023
an amount of is due to the Company from the Sponsor for miscellaneous fees the Company paid on its behalf and for funds held outside
the operating account for working capital purposes of approximately . The original purpose of the funds held outside the operating
account was to be under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation threshold. 

15 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

to the Company, which made the Withdrawn Trust Funds whole (see Note 9). Additionally, the Sponsor contributed to the Company
for working capital purposes. As of September 30, 2024, the Sponsor had advanced to the Company. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 
of such loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender, into warrants at a price of per warrant of the post Business Combination
entity. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

of the gross proceeds
of our initial public offering, including the proceeds from the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

16 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

shares of common stock for a total of . Additionally, on May 14, 2024, the Company s stockholders
redeemed shares of common stock for a total of . The Company evaluated the classification and accounting of the excise
tax related to the stock redemption under ASC 450, Contingencies . ASC 450 states that when a loss contingency exists the
likelihood that the future event(s) will confirm the loss or impairment of an asset, or the incurrence of a liability can range from probable
to remote. A contingent liability must be reviewed at each reporting period to determine appropriate treatment. The Company evaluated
the current status and probability of completing a Business Combination as of September 30, 2024 and determined that a contingent liability
should be calculated and recorded. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively,
of excise tax liability calculated as of total redemption amount. 

Merger Agreement 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Closing ),
Merger Sub will merge with and into Cardea (the Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the Transactions ), with Cardea continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of GBBK. In the Merger, (i) all shares of Cardea common stock (together, Cardea Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than those properly exercising any applicable dissenters rights under Delaware law) will be converted
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined below); and (ii) any securities of Cardea convertible into Cardea Stock,
if not exercised or converted prior to the effective time of the Closing will be cancelled, retired, and terminated and cease to represent
a right to acquire, be exchanged for or convert into Cardea Stock. At the Closing, GBBK will change its name to Cardea Capital
Holdings, Inc. 

Merger Consideration 

The aggregate merger consideration to be paid
pursuant to the Merger Agreement to Cardea Shareholders as of immediately prior to the Effective Time Cardea Shareholders will be an amount equal to , subject to adjustments for Cardea s closing net working capital, closing net debt and unpaid
transaction expenses (the Merger Consideration ), plus the additional contingent right to receive the Earnout Shares
(as defined below) after the Closing, as described below. The Merger Consideration to be paid to Cardea Shareholders will be paid solely
by the delivery of new shares of GBBK common stock, with each valued at the price per share (the Redemption Price at which
each GBBK share of common stock is redeemed or converted pursuant to the redemption by GBBK of its public stockholders in connection with
GBBK s initial business combination, as required by GBBK s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws and
GBBK s initial public offering prospectus (the Redemption ). The Merger Consideration will be subject to a post-Closing
true up days after the Closing. 

The Merger Consideration will be allocated among
the holders of Cardea s common stock, pro rata amongst them based on the number of shares of Cardea common stock owned by such shareholder
provided, however, that the Merger Consideration otherwise payable to Cardea Shareholders is subject to the withholding of the Escrow
Shares (as defined below) and is subject to reduction for indemnification obligations and purchase price adjustments. 

17 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

of the Merger
Consideration (the Escrow Shares otherwise issuable to the Cardea Stockholders (allocated pro rata among the Cardea Stockholders
based on the Merger Consideration otherwise issuable to them at the Closing) will be deposited into a segregated escrow account with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company (or such other escrow agent reasonably acceptable to GBBK and Cardea), as escrow agent, and held
in escrow together with any dividends, distributions or other income on the Escrow Shares (the Escrow Property in accordance
with an escrow agreement to be entered into in connection with the Transactions (the Escrow Agreement ). The Escrow Property
will be held in the escrow account for a period of twelve (12) months after the Closing as the sole and exclusive source of payment
for any post-Closing purchase price adjustments and indemnification claims (other than fraud claims). The Cardea Stockholders will have
the right to vote the Escrow Shares while they are held in escrow. 

Earnout 

In addition to the Merger Consideration set forth
above, the Cardea Stockholders will also have a contingent right to receive up to an additional shares of GBBK common stock
(the Earnout Shares after the Closing based on the price performance of the GBBK common stock during the two (2) year
period following the Closing (the Earnout Period ). The Earnout Shares shall be earned and payable during the Earnout Period
if the daily dollar volume-weighted average price VWAP of GBBK s common stock equals or exceeds per share
for any trading days within any trading day period. 

If there is a final determination that the Cardea
Stockholders are entitled to receive Earnout Shares, then such Earnout Shares will be allocated pro rata amongst the Cardea Stockholders.
The number of shares of GBBK common stock constituting any earnout payment shall be equitably adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, recapitalizations and the like after the Closing. 

Representative s Shares 

The Company issued (i) to I-Bankers Securities
(and/or their designees) shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and (ii) to Dawson James
(and/or their designees) shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company determined the fair value of
the representative shares to be (or per share) using the Probability Weighted Expected Return Model. The fair value of
the shares granted to the underwriters utilized the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate
of , (3) expected life of years, and (4) no dividend. To arrive to the assumptions used in the valuation, comparable for 15
pre-business combination Companies (selected based on industry or sector focus, size, warrant coverage and the remaining term to complete
their business combination), were selected. The implied volatility was based on the current quoted prices of the warrants and underlying
stock. The risk-free interest rate was based on a to year US treasury rate. I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their respective
designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition,
I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their respective designees) have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares
in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the combination
period. 

18 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

shares of common stock with a par value of each. On August 17, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock to its initial stockholders for , or approximately per share. The Founder Shares
include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in
full. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject
to forfeiture. 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of the Company s common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the stockholders.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than of the shares
voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors (prior to consummation of the initial Business Combination). The Company s
stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available
therefor. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 
and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Preferred Stock The Company
is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per stock with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were
 no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Warrants As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Public Warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase share
of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, If (x) the Company issues additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the
total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date
of the completion of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common
stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes its initial Business
Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. 

The warrants will become exercisable days after
the completion of its initial Business Combination, and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

19 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to file, and within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, to have declared effective, a
registration statement relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at the Company s option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to
do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects,
it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its best efforts to qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per share
of common stock equals or exceeds . 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in
whole and not in part 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the 30-day redemption period; and 

if,
and only if, the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within
a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the
warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem the warrants unless
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except
if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.
The Company may not redeem the warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so
on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, 
the Company s management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number
of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common
stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. 

20 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

in cash. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had withdrawn of the
income earned on the Trust Account to pay taxes obligations. U.S. Treasury Securities are accounted for as trading securities and accordingly,
changes in fair value are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

At December 31, 2023, assets held in the Trust
Account were comprised of in a money market fund which is invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December
31, 2023, the Company had withdrawn of the income earned on the Trust Account to pay taxes obligations. U.S. Treasury Securities
are accounted for as trading securities and accordingly, changes in fair value are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations. 

21 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Withdrawn Trust Funds from the Trust Account
to pay liabilities related to the federal income and Delaware franchise taxes. Through September 30, 2024, the Company remitted 
to the respective tax authorities, which resulted in remaining excess funds withdrawn from the Trust Account but not remitted to the government
authorities of Over Withdrawn Amount ). 

The Over Withdrawn Amount pertains to an estimated
payment related to Delaware franchise taxes. The Company remitted a payment for Delaware franchise tax of on August 19, 2024. 

shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right
to redeem such shares at a per share redemption price of approximately . As a result, approximately million was removed from
the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following these redemptions, the Company has shares of Common Stock remaining
outstanding, shares of which have redemption rights. As of November 8, 2024, approximately million remained in the Trust
Account. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company has approved and funded the extension of its business combination period
through December 12, 2024. 

On November 11, 2024, Fourcore Capital, Inc.
(f/k/a Cardea Corporate Holdings), a Georgia corporation Fourcore terminated that certain Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated August 17, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, GB Merger Sub Inc., a Georgia
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Fourcore, Dr. Max Hooper, an individual, in the
capacity as representative for the Company and its subsidiaries (the Purchaser Representative ), and Jordan Waring, an
individual, in the capacity as the representative for shareholders of Cardea (the Seller Representative ). 

On November 11, 2024, the Sponsor and Fourcore,
entered into a Note Purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things,
the Sponsor transferred to the Purchaser (i) an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company, par value per share Common Stock (ii) and warrants (the Warrants and together with the Common Stock, the Securities to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of . 

As a result of the purchase of Securities pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement transactions, Fourcore holds of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. In consideration
for the Securities purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Fourcore issued promissory notes with an aggregate face value of . 

Concurrent with the execution of the Purchase
Agreement, Fourcore executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated May 9, 2022, originally entered
into in connection with the Company s initial public offering, among the Company, Sponsor and certain equity holders of the Company. 

The Purchase Agreement did not provide for, and the Company does not
expect, a change in the majority of the board of directors of the Company, or any change to the officers of the Company at
this time as a result of the transactions described herein. 

22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Global Blockchain Sponsor, LLC. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Global Blockchain Sponsor, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business
Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on March 18, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or
a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

Proposed Business Combination 

On August 17, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement
with Merger Sub, Cardea, Dr. Max Hooper, an individual, in the capacity as representative for the Company and its subsidiaries, and Jordan
Waring, an individual, in the capacity as the representative for shareholders of Cardea. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the Closing, Merger Sub will merge with and into Cardea, with Cardea surviving as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Global Blockchain, and with Cardea s equity holders receiving shares of the Global Blockchain common
stock. 

For a description of the Merger Agreement, see
Note 6. Commitments And Contingencies. 

Extension Meeting 

The Company held a meeting on August 8, 2023 to
vote on the proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
must consummate a business combination or, if it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase 100 of the shares
of the Company s common stock issued in the Company s initial public offering, from August 12, 2023, monthly for up to nine
additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as late as May 12, 2024. In connection with the vote, 14,820,620 shares
of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of 155.2 million. On May 7, 2024, the Company held
its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2024 Meeting ), at which the Company s stockholders of record approved
a proposal to amend and restate the Company s charter to extend the Company s combination period monthly, for up to six months,
from May 12, 2024 ultimately until as late as November 12, 2024. As of the date of this Report, the Company has approved and funded the
extension of its business combination period through September 12, 2024. In connection with the charter amendment, holders of 1,683,527
shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares at a per share redemption price of approximately
 10.99. As a result, approximately 18.5 million was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the combination period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any) , subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. 

23 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 18, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of 174,747, which consists of general and administrative costs of 247,996 and provision for income taxes of 15,458,
offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 88,707. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 461,936, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,210,122, offset
by the formation and operational costs of 496,433 and provision for income taxes of 251,753. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of 210,147, which consists of general and administrative costs of 729,490 and provision for income taxes of 125,693,
offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 645,036. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 3,125,840, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 5,218,485, offset
by the formation and operational costs of 1,020,136 and provision for income taxes of 1,072,509. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On May 12, 2022, we completed the Initial Public
Offering of 17,250,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we completed the sale of 8,537,500 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a
private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,537,500. 

On May 12, 2022, in connection with the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 2,250,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating total gross proceeds of 2,250,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 1,318,610. Net loss of 210,147 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in
the Trust Account of 645,036. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 463,427 of cash for operating activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in operating activities was 1,952,250. Net income of 3,125,840 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of 5,218,485. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 140,395 of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 8,363,375 (including approximately 585,073 of interest income) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a
maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through September 30,
2024, we have withdrawn 303,616 of interest earned from the Trust Account to pay taxes obligations. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024 we had cash of 16,415.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender, into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant of the post Business Combination
entity. 

24 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
the Company has until as late as November 12, 2024, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able
to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation,
should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management intends to complete a Business Combination; however, the Company cannot guarantee that a Business
Combination will take place. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required
to liquidate after November 12, 2024. 

The Company held a meeting on August 8, 2023 to
vote on the proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
must consummate a business combination or, if it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase 100 of the shares of the
Company s common stock issued in the Company s initial public offering, from August 12, 2023, monthly for up to nine additional
months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as late as November 12, 2024 (the Extension , and such extension
date the Extended Date ). In connection with the vote, 14,820,620 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed
with a total redemption payment of 155.2 million. Subsequently, on March 7, 2024, the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders
to, among other things, vote on the proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination or, if it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase
100 of the shares of the Company s common stock issued in the Company s initial public offering, from May 12, 2024, monthly
for up to six additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as late as November 12, 2024. In connection with the
vote, 1,683,527 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of 18.5 million. 

If the Company is unable to raise additional capital,
it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the
issuance date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of one of our executive
officers a monthly fee of 5,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. We
began incurring these fees on May 9, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

Prior to the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
we engaged I-Bankers and Dawson James as advisors in connection with our business combination to (i) assist us in preparing presentations
for each potential business combination; (ii) assist us in arranging meetings with our stockholders, including making calls directly to
stockholders, to discuss each potential business combination and each potential target s attributes and providing regular market
feedback, including written status reports, from these meetings and participate in direct interaction with stockholders, in all cases
to the extent legally permissible; (iii) introduce us to potential investors to purchase our securities in connection with each potential
business combination; and assist us with the preparation of any press releases and filings related to each potential business combination
or target. Pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement, I-Bankers and Dawson James are not obligated to assist us in identifying
or evaluating possible acquisition candidates. Pursuant to our agreement with I-Bankers and Dawson James, the advisory fees payable to
I-Bankers and Dawson James will collectively be 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the proceeds from
the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

25 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Shares of Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at
fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Common stock features certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Common stock
subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the
reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate
of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management
considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not have any critical
accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented
at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events,
including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported
amount. Since June 2016, the FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting
companies. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material
impact on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

26 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions that,
among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private
(not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may
not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. As a result, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to,
among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal
controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm s
report providing additional information about the audit and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion
and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and
performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period
of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, 
whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective, due to material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to the Company s inadvertent
disbursement from the withdrawn trust funds to pay general operating expenses, counter to the terms of the trust agreement, and due to
the Company s inability to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024.
As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report present
fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Remediation Process 

To address this material weakness, management
plans to devote significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of its internal control over financial reporting.
In particular, management s plans include implementing enhanced controls and improved internal communications within the Company
and its financial reporting advisors related to controls to ensure the Company has oversight of the cash availability for operating needs,
including more clearly designating in the Company s internal books and records the cash that is restricted in its use and the implementation
of an additional layer of review of payments for operating expenses to ensure that restricted cash is not used for payment of general
operating expenses, and conducting remedial training for management, relevant staff and service providers to reiterate and reinforce the
terms of the trust agreement. Management s remediation plan also includes the addition of a control requiring the Company s
audit committee to approve any withdrawals from the trust account and requiring the placement of such withdrawn funds in, a restricted
account for the payment of taxes. We can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Besides the remediation process described above,
there was no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

27 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Report include the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. As
of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On May 12, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 17,250,000 Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 172,500,000.
I-Bankers Securities, Inc acted as sole book-running manager and Dawson James Securities, Inc. acted as co-manager, of the Initial Public
Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-264396).
The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statements effective on May 9, 2022. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company s Sponsor, I-Bankers and Dawson James purchased an aggregate of 8,537,500 warrants at a price of 1.00
per warrant 8,537,500 in the aggregate) in a private placement. Of such amount, (i) 6,812,500 warrants were purchased by the Sponsor,
(ii) 1,466,250 warrants were purchased by I-Bankers and (iii) 258,750 warrants were purchased by Dawson James. 

The Private Warrants are identical to the warrants
underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable
until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

On May 12, 2022, the underwriters exercised their
over-allotment option in full, resulting in the sale of an additional 2,250,000 Units for gross proceeds of 22,500,000. In connection
with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional 8,537,500
Private Placement Warrants at 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,537,500. A total of 175,087,500 was
deposited into the Trust Account. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the Private Units, an aggregate of 173,440,300 was placed in the Trust
Account. 

We paid a total of 3,450,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 4,147,200 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 

28 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Max Hooper 

Name: 
 Max Hooper 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Morris 

Name: 
 Jonathan Morris 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022078401ex31-1_global.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Max Hooper, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Global Blockchain Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
15, 2024 

/s/ Max Hooper 

Max Hooper 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022078401ex31-2_global.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Morris, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Global Blockchain Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
15, 2024 

/s/ Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan Morris 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022078401ex32-1_global.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Global
Blockchain Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Max Hooper, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
15, 2024 

/s/ Max Hooper 

Max Hooper 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022078401ex32-2_global.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Global
Blockchain Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Morris, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
15, 2024 

/s/ Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan Morris 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gbbk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gbbk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gbbk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gbbk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gbbk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

