<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1821160_0001821160-24-000049.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11447181</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163388</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1642532</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5183096</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2192082</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1983370</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001821160-24-000049.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107170734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001821160-24-000049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Guild Holdings Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821160
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				852453154
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39645
		FILM NUMBER:		241436983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5887 COPLEY DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8585606330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5887 COPLEY DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001821160-24-000049.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ghld-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ghld-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 _______________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 60 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 60 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 60 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 60 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 61 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 62 
 Signatures 
 63 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Guild Holdings Company, a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report as Guild, we, us, our, and the Company. This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, would and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 A disruption in the secondary home loan market or our ability to sell the loans that we originate could have a detrimental effect on our business. 
 Macroeconomic and U.S. residential real estate market conditions have and may continue to materially and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 Because we are highly dependent on certain U.S. government-sponsored entities and government agencies, we may be adversely impacted by any organizational or pricing changes or changes in our relationship with these entities and agencies. 
 Changes in prevailing interest rates or U.S. monetary policies have had and may continue to have a detrimental effect on our business. 
 Our servicing rights are subject to termination with or without cause. 
 If a significant number of our warehouse lines of credit, on which we are highly dependent, are terminated or reduced, we may be unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our existing and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our financial condition or the results of our operations. 
 If we do not maintain and improve the technology infrastructure that supports our origination and servicing platform or if we suffer any significant disruption in service on our platform, our ability to serve our clients may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Acquisitions and investments have in the past, and may in the future, cause our financial results to differ from our expectations or the expectations of the investment community and we may not be able to achieve anticipated benefits from such acquisitions and investments. 
 Pressure from existing and new competitors may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our failure to maintain or grow our historical referral relationships with our referral partners may materially and adversely affect us. 
 We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable in certain circumstances. 
 A substantial portion of our assets are measured at fair value. From time to time our estimates of their value prove to be inaccurate and we are required to write them down. 
 The success and growth of our business will depend upon our ability to adapt to and implement technological changes and to develop and market attractive products and services. 
 Adverse events to our clients could occur, which can result in substantial losses that could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by a cybersecurity breach or other vulnerability involving our computer systems or those of certain third-party service providers. 
 Operating and growing our business may require additional capital, and if capital is not available to us, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects may suffer. 
 We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, employee or customer fraud, the obligation to repurchase sold loans in the event of a documentation error, and data processing system failures and errors. 
 We are periodically required to repurchase mortgage loans that we have sold or indemnify purchasers of our mortgage loans. 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our financial results. 
 If we fail to protect our brand and reputation, our ability to grow our business and increase the volume of mortgages we originate and service may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to certain risks associated with investing in real estate and real estate related assets, including risks of loss from adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks and the effects of climate change. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to attract, integrate and retain qualified personnel, our ability to develop and successfully grow our business could be harmed. 
 Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. 
 Changes in, or our failure to comply with, the highly complex legal and regulatory framework applicable to our mortgage loan origination and servicing activities could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Our failure to comply with fair lending laws and regulations could lead to a wide variety of negative consequences. 
 Our failure to obtain and maintain the appropriate state licenses would prohibit us from originating or servicing mortgages in those states and adversely affect our operations. 
 Changes in the guidelines of the GSEs, FHA, VA, USDA, and Ginnie Mae could adversely affect our business. 
 Material changes to the laws, regulations or practices applicable to reverse mortgage programs operated by FHA and HUD could adversely affect our reverse mortgage business. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with stringent and evolving legal obligations related to data privacy and security may materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may from time to time be subject to litigation, which may be extremely costly to defend, could result in substantial judgment or settlement costs and could subject us to other remedies. 
 We are controlled by McCarthy Capital Mortgage Investors, LLC MCMI ), and MCMI s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. 
 Our directors and executive officers have significant control over our business. 
 As a controlled company, we rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 
 We are a holding company and depend upon distributions from GMC to meet our obligations. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause the price of our Class A common stock to fall. 
 Our issuance of capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise would dilute all other stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of Guild, which could decrease the trading price of our stock. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results or other operating metrics may fluctuate significantly and may not meet expectations of research analysts, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately on a timely basis, which would result in the loss of investor confidence, delisting, claims or investigations, and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 We disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value 
 Reverse mortgage loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Ginnie Mae loans subject to repurchase right Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value 
 Advances, net 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Warehouse lines of credit, net 
 Home Equity Conversion Mortgage-Backed Securities HMBS related borrowings 
 Ginnie Mae loans subject to repurchase right Notes payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net 
 Loan servicing and other fees Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net 
 Net revenue Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits General and administrative Occupancy, equipment and communication Depreciation and amortization Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Total expenses (Loss) income before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 ) ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to Guild 
 ) ) (Loss) earnings per share attributable to Class A and Class B Common Stock: 
 Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and Class B Common Stock: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Class A Shares Class A Amount Class B Shares Class B Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-controlling Interests Total Balance at December 31, 2022 Net loss 
 ) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock units Shares of Class A common stock withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 Net income 
 Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units forfeited 
 ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Shares of Class A common stock withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 Net income (loss) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend equivalents issued on unvested restricted stock units 
 ) Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units forfeited 
 ) Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Class A Shares Class A Amount Class B Shares Class B Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-controlling Interests Total Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income (loss) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units forfeited 
 ) Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 
 Net income 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units issued 
 ) Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units forfeited 
 ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Shares of Class A common stock withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 
 Net loss 
 ) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend equivalents on unvested restricted stock units forfeited 
 ) Vesting of restricted stock units Shares of Class A common stock withheld related to net share settlement 
 ) ) ) Purchase of membership interests 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net (loss) income 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights Valuation adjustment of mortgage loans held for sale ) Valuation adjustment of reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives 
 ) ) Amortization of right-of-use assets Provision for investor reserves Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Valuation adjustment of contingent liabilities due to acquisitions, net Gain on sale of mortgage loans excluding fair value of other financial instruments, net ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation Origination of mortgage servicing rights ) ) Origination and purchase of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds on sale of and payments from mortgage loans held for sale Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Advances and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Origination and purchase of reverse mortgage loans held for investment ) ) Principal payments received on reverse mortgage loans held for investment Issuance of notes receivable ) Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings on warehouse lines of credit 
 Repayments on warehouse lines of credit ) ) Proceeds from issuance of reverse mortgage loans and tails accounted for as HMBS-related obligations Repayments on HMBS-related obligations ) Borrowings on notes payable Repayments on notes payable ) ) Contingent liability payments ) Net change in related party notes payable ) Dividends paid ) ) Repurchases of Class A common stock ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Other Net cash provided by financing activities Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental information Cash paid for interest, net Income tax refunds, net of cash paid 
 ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Measurement period adjustment to goodwill Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period are comprised of the following: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION, AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 reportable segments, origination and servicing. The Company operates approximately branches with licenses in states and the District of Columbia. The Company originates residential mortgages through retail and correspondent channels. 
 The Company is certified with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD and the Department of Veterans Affairs VA and operates as a Federal Housing Administration FHA non-supervised lender. In addition, the Company is an approved issuer with the Government National Mortgage Association GNMA or Ginnie Mae ), as well as an approved seller and servicer with the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA or Fannie Mae ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC or Freddie Mac and the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development USDA ). 
 These accounts totaled billion and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 The Company updates the valuation of each instrument recorded at fair value on a monthly or quarterly basis, evaluating all available observable information, which may include current market prices or bids, recent trade activity, changes in the levels of market activity and benchmarking of industry data. The assessment also includes consideration of identifying the valuation approach that would be used currently by market participants. If it is determined that a change in valuation technique or its application is appropriate, or if there are other changes in availability of observable data or market activity, the current methodology will be analyzed to determine if a transfer between levels of the valuation hierarchy is appropriate. Such reclassifications are reported as transfers into or out of a level as of the beginning of the quarter that the change occurs. 
 Fair value is based on quoted market prices, when available. If quoted prices are not available, fair value is estimated based upon other observable inputs. Unobservable inputs are used when observable inputs are not available and are based upon judgments and assumptions, which are the Company s assessment of the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs may include assumptions about risk, counterparty credit quality, the Company s creditworthiness and liquidity and are developed based on the best information available. When a determination is made to classify an asset or liability within Level Three of the valuation hierarchy, the determination is based upon the significance of the unobservable factors to the overall fair value measurement of the asset or liability. The fair value of assets and liabilities classified within Level Three of the valuation hierarchy also typically includes observable factors and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 13 

Table of Contents 

 - , with a weighted average of and at December 31, 2023 the risk adjusted discount rate was . Adjustments to the fair value of the contingent liabilities (other than payments) are recorded as a gain or loss and are included within general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Reverse mortgage loans held for investment Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets Interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments Notes receivable Total assets at fair value Liabilities: HMBS-related borrowings Derivative liabilities Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments 
 Contingent liabilities due to acquisitions Total liabilities at fair value 
 The following table summarizes the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2023: 
 (in thousands) 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Mortgage loans held for sale Reverse mortgage loans held for investment Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets 
 Interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments Notes receivable Total assets at fair value Liabilities: HMBS-related borrowings Derivative liabilities 
 Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments 
 Contingent liabilities due to acquisitions Total liabilities at fair value 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Net transfers and revaluation losses Payments ) Additions Valuation adjustments ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Net transfers and revaluation losses Payments ) Additions Valuation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of certain Level Three assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023: (in thousands) 
 Interest Rate Lock Commitments Notes Receivable Contingent Liabilities 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 Net transfers and revaluation losses Additions Valuation adjustments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 Net transfers and revaluation losses Additions Valuation adjustments ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 Changes in the availability of observable inputs may result in reclassifications of certain assets or liabilities. Such reclassifications are reported as transfers in or out of Level Three as of the beginning of the period that the change occurs. There were no transfers between fair value levels for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Certain assets and liabilities that are not typically measured at fair value on a recurring basis may be subject to fair value measurement requirements under certain circumstances. These adjustments to fair value usually result from write-downs of individual assets. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had the following financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 
 Ginnie Mae Loans Subject to Repurchase Right GNMA securitization programs allow servicers to buy back individual delinquent mortgage loans from the securitized loan pool once certain conditions are met. If a borrower makes no payment for three consecutive months, the servicer has the option to repurchase the delinquent loan for an amount equal to 100 of the loan s remaining unpaid principal balance UPB ). Under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , this buy-back option is considered a conditional option until the delinquency criteria are met, at which time the option becomes 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Ginnie Mae loans subject to repurchase right Total liabilities at fair value 
 The following table summarizes the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2023: 
 (in thousands) 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Ginnie Mae loans subject to repurchase right Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Ginnie Mae loans subject to repurchase right Total liabilities at fair value 
 Fair Value Option 
 The Company has elected to measure its MLHS, reverse mortgage loans held for investment, notes receivable and HMBS-related borrowings at fair value. 
 Reverse mortgage loans held for investment (2) 
 Notes receivable ) Liabilities: HMBS-related borrowings _____________________________ 
 (1) MLHS that were 90 days or more past due had a fair value of million and UPB of million. 
 (2) Reverse mortgage loans held for investment that were 90 days or more past due had a fair value of million and UPB of million. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Reverse mortgage loans held for investment (2) 
 Notes receivable ) Liabilities: HMBS-related borrowings 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) MLHS that were 90 days or more past due had a fair value of million and UPB of million. 
 (2) Reverse mortgage loans held for investment that were 90 days or more past due had a fair value of million and UPB of million. 
 
 NOTE 3 ACQUISITIONS 
 million including the estimated fair value of contingent consideration that Academy Mortgage could receive based on the performance of the Academy Mortgage branches. The transaction closed on February 26, 2024. The addition of Academy Mortgage is expected to extend Guild s market share across its national footprint and increase the Company s branches and origination staff. The purchase was financed with a combination of cash and existing borrowings. 
 In March 2024, the Company, through its subsidiary, acquired a controlling interest in Waterton Insurance Group, LLC, a provider of home insurance solutions. 
 2023 Acquisitions 
 In 2023, the Company acquired certain assets of First Centennial Mortgage Corporation FCM ), Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC CCM and Legacy Mortgage, LLC Legacy for a total fair value consideration of million, which consisted of million in cash, total fair value of contingent consideration of million and an original issuance discount on note receivable of million. 
 CCM Note Receivable 
 In March 2023, the Company issued a note receivable to CCM in the amount of million in connection with the acquisition of CCM, which closed in April 2023. The Company recognized a discount on the note receivable of approximately million on the date the acquisition closed. The note bears interest at a variable rate tied to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus an applicable margin. Also, pursuant to the acquisition, CCM will be entitled to earn-out payments for based on certain performance criteria. The earn-out payments will be first allocated to repay the interest and principal due on the note receivable. The note receivable matures in April 2027. If an earn-out payment is not due to CCM, of the interest payment may be paid-in-kind, and thereby added to the principal balance. The Company elected to apply the fair value option to this note receivable to align with the accounting treatment for the contingent consideration liability. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 ADVANCES, NET 
 Foreclosure advances 
 Foreclosure loss reserve 
 ) ) Total advances, net 
 Management has established a foreclosure loss reserve for estimated uncollectible balances of the foreclosure and trust advances. 
 Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Realized losses, net 
 ) ) ) ) Balance end of period 
 
 NOTE 5 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS) 
 Notional and Fair Value 
 Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments December 31, 2023 IRLCs Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments 
 The Company had an additional million and million of outstanding forward contracts and mandatory sell commitments, comprised of closed loans with equal and offsetting UPB amounts allocated to them, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company also had million and million in closed hedge instruments not yet settled at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 2 Fair Value Measurements for fair value disclosure of the derivative instruments. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 - 
 
 Counterparty agreements for forward commitments contain master netting agreements. The master netting agreements contain a legal right to offset amounts due to and from the same counterparty, including the right to obtain cash collateral. The Company incurred credit losses due to nonperformance of any of its counterparties during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 
 ) Total assets ) Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments ) ) Total liabilities ) ) December 31, 2023 Forward delivery commitments ) Total assets ) Forward delivery commitments and best efforts sales commitments ) ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 
 NOTE 6 MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS 
 MSRs originated 
 MSRs purchased, net 
 ) Changes in fair value: Due to collection/realization of cash flows ) ) ) ) Due to changes in valuation model inputs or assumptions ) ) Balance end of period 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 - 
 Prepayment rate - 
 - 
 Cost to service (per loan) - 
 - 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the MSRs had a weighted average life of approximately years and years, respectively. See Note 2 Fair Value Measurements for additional information regarding the valuation of MSRs. 
 Late fees Other ancillary servicing revenue and fees ) ) ) ) Total loan servicing and other fees 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the UPB of mortgage loans serviced for others totaled billion and billion, respectively, including loans subserviced by third-parties of billion at September 30, 2024. Conforming conventional loans serviced by the Company are sold to FNMA or FHLMC programs on a nonrecourse basis, whereby foreclosure losses are generally the responsibility of FNMA and FHLMC and not the Company. Similarly, certain loans serviced by the Company are secured through GNMA programs, whereby the Company is insured against loss by the FHA or partially guaranteed against loss by the VA. 
 The key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of MSRs are prepayment speeds, the discount rate and costs to service. Increases in prepayment speeds generally have an adverse effect on the value of MSRs as the underlying loans prepay faster. In a declining interest rate environment, the fair value of MSRs generally decreases as prepayments increase and therefore, the estimated life of the MSRs and related cash flows decrease. Decreases in prepayment speeds generally have a positive effect on the value of MSRs as the underlying loans prepay less frequently. In a rising interest rate environment, the fair value of MSRs generally increases as prepayments decrease and therefore, the estimated life of the MSRs and related cash flows increase. Increases in the discount rate generally have an adverse effect on the value of the MSRs. The discount rate is risk adjusted for key factors such as uncertainty in the mortgage banking industry due to its reliance on external influences (interest rates, regulatory changes, etc.), premium for market liquidity, and credit risk. A higher discount rate would indicate higher uncertainty of the future cash flows. Conversely, decreases in the discount rate generally have a positive effect on the value of the MSRs. Increases in the costs to service generally have an adverse effect on the value of the MSRs as an increase in costs to service would reduce the Company s future net cash inflows from servicing a loan. Conversely, decreases in the costs to service generally have a positive effect on the value of the MSRs. MSR uncertainties are hypothetical and do not always have a direct correlation with each assumption. Changes in one assumption may result in changes to another assumption, which might magnify or counteract the uncertainties. 
 21 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 7 MORTGAGE LOANS HELD FOR SALE 
 
 Origination and purchase of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Proceeds on sale of and payments from mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Gain on sale of mortgage loans excluding fair value of other financial instruments, net 
 Valuation adjustment of mortgage loans held for sale ) Balance end of period 
 
 NOTE 8 REVERSE MORTGAGE LOANS HELD FOR INVESTMENT AND HMBS-RELATED BORROWINGS 
 ) ) Originations and purchases Securitization of home equity conversion mortgages HECM loans and tails accounted for as a financing (including realized fair value changes) 
 ) ) Repayments (principal payments received) ) ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings (2) 
 ) ) Balance end of period ) ) Securitized loans (pledged to HMBS-related borrowings) ) ) Unsecuritized loans and tail advances Total ) ) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Originations and purchases Securitization of HECM loans and tails accounted for as a financing (including realized fair value changes) ) ) Repayments (principal payments received) ) ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings (2) 
 Balance end of period ) ) Securitized loans (pledged to HMBS-related borrowings) 
 ) ) Unsecuritized loans and tail advances Total ) ) _____________________________ 
 (1) HMBS-related borrowings represent the issuance of pools of HMBS, which are guaranteed by GNMA, to third-party security holders. The Company accounts for the transfers of these advances in the related HECM loans as secured borrowings, retaining the initial HECM loans in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as reverse mortgage loans held for investment and recording the pooled HMBS as HMBS-related borrowings. 
 (2) See further breakdown in the table below. 
 Gain on tail securitizations (2) 
 Net interest income Change in fair value 
 Fair value gain recognized in earnings (3) 
 Loan fees and other (4) 
 Total 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes the changes in fair value of newly originated loans held for investment in the period from origination through securitization date. 
 (2) Includes the cash realized gains upon securitization of tails. 
 (3) See breakdown between loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings in the table above. 
 (4) Loan fees and other are included in loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 - ) 
 - ) 
 Discount rate - 
 - 
 Conditional prepayment rate including voluntary and involuntary prepayments - 
 - 

NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 
 Intangible assets, net Goodwill and intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Acquisitions 
 Purchase accounting adjustments Balance at December 31, 2023 Acquisitions Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 WAREHOUSE LINES OF CREDIT, NET 
 million master repurchase facility agreement (1) 
 January 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (2) 
 August 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (3) 
 August 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (4) 
 May 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (5) 
 September 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (6) 
 September 2025 million master repurchase facility agreement (7) 
 N/A million master repurchase facility agreement (8) 
 N/A million master repurchase facility agreement (9) 
 N/A Prepaid commitment fees ) ) Warehouse lines of credit, net 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR. 
 (2) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR, plus the applicable interest rate margin. This line of credit requires a minimum deposit of million, included in restricted cash. 
 (3) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR, plus the applicable interest rate margin. This facility requires a minimum deposit of million, included in restricted cash. 
 (4) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate plus SOFR, with a floor of plus the applicable interest rate margin. This facility requires a minimum deposit of , included in restricted cash. 
 (5) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR with a floor of , plus the applicable interest rate margin. 
 (6) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR with a floor of , plus the applicable interest rate margin. 
 (7) The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR, plus the applicable interest rate margin. This facility s maturity date is days from written notice by either the financial institution or the Company. 
 (8) This facility agreement has a maturity of days on the first million committed amount and million is due on demand. The variable interest rate is calculated using a base rate tied to SOFR with a floor of . Subsequent to September 30, 2024, this facility was amended to mature in full in October 2025. 
 (9) The interest rate on this facility is . This facility is used for GNMA delinquent buyouts. Each buyout represents a separate transaction that can remain on the facility for up to . 
 
 The weighted average interest rate for warehouse lines of credit was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. All warehouse lines of credit are collateralized by underlying mortgages and related documents. Existing balances on warehouse lines are repaid through the sale proceeds from the collateralized loans held for sale. The Company had cash balances of million and million in its warehouse buy down accounts as offsets to certain lines of credit at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The agreements governing the Company s warehouse lines of credit contain covenants that include certain financial requirements, including maintenance of maximum adjusted leverage ratio, minimum net worth, minimum tangible net worth, minimum liquidity, adjusted pre-tax net income and limitations on additional indebtedness, dividends, sale of assets, and decline in the mortgage loan servicing portfolio s fair value. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 The Company has an optional short-term financing agreement between FNMA and the lender described as As Soon As Pooled ASAP ). The Company can elect to assign FNMA Mortgage-Backed Security MBS trades to FNMA in advance of settlement and enter into a financing transaction and revenue related to the assignment is deferred until the final pool settlement date. The Company determines utilization based on warehouse availability and cash needs. There were outstanding balances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 on the ASAP financing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 NOTES PAYABLE 
 . The revolving note also has an unused facility fee on the average unused balance, which is also paid quarterly. The unused facility fee is waived if the average outstanding balance exceeds of the available facility. The revolving note has a committed amount of million and the agreement allows for the Company to increase the committed amount up to a maximum of million. The Company has the option to convert the outstanding balance of the revolving note into a term note at its discretion. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings on this credit facility. 
 The Company has an agreement for a revolving note of up to million from one of its warehouse banks, which it can draw upon as needed. The agreement currently expires in September 2027. Borrowings on the revolving note are collateralized by the Company s FHLMC MSRs. Monthly interest on the outstanding balance is calculated using a base rate tied to the SOFR rate plus the applicable margin, with a floor of . The revolving note also had an unused facility fee on the average unused balance, which was also paid quarterly. The unused facility fee was waived if the average outstanding balance exceeded of the available combined warehouse and MSR facility. In September 2023, the revolving note was amended to remove the unused facility fee. In September 2024, the revolving note was amended to separate it from the warehouse facility. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings on this credit facility. 
 The Company has an agreement for a revolving note, which it can draw upon as needed. The agreement currently expires in September 2028. Borrowings on the revolving note are collateralized by the Company s FNMA MSRs. Monthly interest on the outstanding balance is calculated using a base rate tied to the SOFR rate plus the applicable margin, with a SOFR floor of . The revolving note has a committed amount of million and the agreement allows for the Company to increase the committed amount up to a maximum of million. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings on this credit facility. 
 Term Note 
 million and allowed for an increase of the committed amount up to a maximum of million. Principal payments of of the outstanding balance were due quarterly, with the remaining principal balance due upon the original maturity date of March 2024. In September 2023, the Company paid in full the million remaining balance due on the term note with funds borrowed under a new revolving note agreement with a different lender and the term note agreement was terminated concurrently with repayment. 
 
 NOTE 12 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 classes of common stock: Class A and Class B. The Company's Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GHLD. There is no public market for the Company s Class B common stock. However, under the terms of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the holder of Class B common stock may convert any portion or all of the holder s shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock at any time. 
 The holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors out of legally available funds. Any stock dividend must be paid in shares of Class A common stock with respect to Class A common stock and in shares of Class B common stock with respect to Class B common stock. 
 The voting powers, preferences and relative rights of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical in all respects, except that the holders of shares of Class A common stock have vote per share and the holders of shares of Class B common stock have votes per share. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company issues restricted stock units RSUs under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ), which represent the right to receive, upon vesting, share of the Company s Class A common stock. The number of potentially dilutive shares related to RSUs is based on the number of shares, if any, that 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million in dividends during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and paid million in dividends during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In conjunction with the payment of Guild's dividends, Guild issued and DEUs to holders of RSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. Since the DEUs are forfeitable, the value of the DEUs was recorded as a reduction to retained earnings and an increase to additional paid-in capital. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 5, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding Class A common stock over the following months from such date. On March 7, 2024, our Board of Directors extended the share repurchase program to May 5, 2025. The share repurchase program allows the Company to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company is not obligated to purchase any shares under the share repurchase program and the timing of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, stock price, trading volume, market conditions, and other general business considerations. The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at any time. The Company intends to fund any repurchases under the share repurchase program with cash on hand. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired and shares of its Class A common stock for million and million at an average price of per share and per share, excluding commissions, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company repurchased and subsequently retired and shares of its Class A common stock for million and million at an average price of per share and per share, excluding commissions, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, million remains available for repurchase. 
 
 NOTE 13 EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 
 27 

Table of Contents ) Weighted average shares outstanding Class A Common Stock 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Class B Common Stock 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 
 Add: dilutive effects of unvested shares of restricted stock 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted 
 (Loss) earnings per share attributable to Class A and Class B Common Stock: Basic 
 ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) 
 million and million potential shares of Class A common stock related to unvested RSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share as a result of being anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. shares of Class A common stock were excluded from the calculation of earnings per share as a result for being anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 14 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and are included in salaries, incentive compensation and benefits. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation costs related to these unvested RSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for investor reserves Realized losses, net ) ) ) ) Balance end of period 
 Commitments to Extend Credit 
 The Company enters into IRLCs with customers who have applied for residential forward mortgage loans and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. These commitments expose the Company to market risk if interest rates change and the loan is not economically hedged or committed to an investor. The Company is also exposed to credit loss if the loan is originated and not sold to an investor and the customer does not perform. The collateral upon extension of credit typically consists of a first deed of trust in the mortgagor s residential property. Commitments to originate loans do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements as some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon. Total commitments to originate forward mortgage loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were approximately billion and million, respectively. 
 The Company manages the interest rate price risk associated with its outstanding IRLCs and loans held for sale by entering into derivative loan instruments such as forward loan sales commitments, mandatory delivery commitments, options and futures contracts. Total commitments related to these derivatives at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were approximately billion and million, respectively. 
 The Company has originated reverse mortgage loans under which the borrowers have additional borrowing capacity of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This additional borrowing capacity is available on a scheduled or unscheduled payment basis. The Company also had short-term commitments to lend million and million in connection with our reverse mortgage loans, outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company finances origination of reverse mortgage loans with warehouse lines of credit. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate results of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not expect that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company. 
 
 NOTE 16 REGULATORY CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with this requirement. 
 
 NOTE 17 SEGMENTS 
 reportable segments Origination and Servicing. 
 Origination The Company operates its loan origination business throughout the United States. Its licensed sales professionals and support staff cultivate deep relationships with referral partners and clients and 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 loan in different states. The servicing segment provides a steady stream of cash flow to support the origination segment, and more importantly, it allows for the Company to build long-standing client relationships that drive repeat and referral business back to the origination segment to recapture the client s next mortgage transaction. The servicing segment is primarily responsible for the servicing activities of all loans in the Company s servicing portfolio, which includes, but is not limited to, collection and remittance of loan payments, managing borrower s impound accounts for taxes and insurance, loan payoffs, loss mitigation and foreclosure activities. 
 The Company does not allocate assets to its reportable segments as they are not included in the review performed by the CODM for purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources. The balance sheet is managed on a consolidated basis and is not used in the context of segment reporting. The Company also does not allocate certain corporate expenses, which are represented by All Other in the tables below. 
 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net Loan servicing and other fees Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net 
 ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) Net revenue ) ) Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits General and administrative Occupancy, equipment and communication Depreciation and amortization Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Total expenses 
 Income tax benefit 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net Loan servicing and other fees Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net 
 ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) Net revenue ) Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits General and administrative Occupancy, equipment and communication Depreciation and amortization Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Total expenses 
 Income tax benefit 
 ) ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) ) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ) Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net Loan servicing and other fees Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights Interest income (expense), net 
 ) Other income, net Net revenue ) Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits General and administrative Occupancy, equipment and communication Depreciation and amortization Provision for foreclosure losses 
 Total expenses 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net Loan servicing and other fees ) Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net 
 ) Other income, net 
 Net revenue ) Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits General and administrative Occupancy, equipment and communication Depreciation and amortization Provision for foreclosure losses Total expenses 
 Income tax expense 
 Net (loss) income 
 ) ) 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to highlight and supplement data and information presented elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, including the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1. Prior period information has been revised to conform to the current period presentation. The following discussion includes forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and assumptions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. See also Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Future results could differ significantly from the historical results presented in this section. 
 
 Business and Executive Overview 
 Guild is a growth-oriented mortgage company that employs a relationship-based loan sourcing strategy to execute our mission of delivering the promise of homeownership in neighborhoods and communities across the United States. Our business model is centered on providing a personalized mortgage-borrowing experience that is delivered by our knowledgeable loan officers and supported by our diverse product offerings. 
 Our operations consist of two distinct, but related, reportable segments that we refer to as our origination and servicing segments. In addition, one of our business strategies is to seek to recapture mortgage transactions when our borrowers prepay their loans. Purchase recapture rate is calculated as the ratio of (i) unpaid principal balance UPB of our clients that originated a new mortgage with us for the purchase of a home in a given period, to (ii) total UPB of our clients that paid off their existing mortgage as a result of selling their home in a given period. Refinance recapture rate is calculated as the ratio of (i) UPB of our clients that originated a new mortgage loan for the purpose of refinancing an existing mortgage with us in a given period, to (ii) total UPB of our clients that paid off their existing mortgage as a result of a refinance in the same period. Overall recapture rate for a given period is calculated as the ratio of (i) UPB of our clients from both purchase and refinance transactions in a given period, to (ii) the total UPB of our clients that paid off their existing mortgage and originated a new mortgage in a given period. This calculation excludes clients to whom we did not actively market due to contractual prohibitions or other business reasons. Our calculation of purchase recapture rate and overall recapture rate may be different than or otherwise not comparable to similarly named rates used by other companies. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 This executive summary highlights selected 2024 and 2023 financial information that should be considered in the context of the additional discussions below. 
 Guild originated 6.9 billion and 6.5 billion of mortgage loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and originated 17.3 billion and 11.6 billion of mortgage loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Investments in our origination segment through acquisitions and recruiting in the last year have contributed to the increase in origination volumes during periods of high home prices and low inventory which have caused mortgage demand to remain at low levels. 
 Purchase originations accounted for 88.1 , 92.3 , 90.3 and 93.6 of total originations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association s MBA October 2024 Mortgage Finance Forecast, purchase originations accounted for 74.5 , 78.3 , 76.6 and 84.9 of total one-to-four family originations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Guild s servicing portfolio as of September 30, 2024 was 91.5 billion of UPB compared to 89.1 billion as of June 30, 2024 and 83.7 billion as of September 30, 2023, with the average size of the portfolio increasing 2.9 and 8.6 , respectively, over that time. The UPB of our servicing portfolio excludes loans subserviced by third-parties and includes loans held for sale. 
 Guild generated 66.9 million of net loss and 37.6 million of net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and 0.8 million of net loss and 54.0 million of net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Guild generated diluted loss per share of 1.09 and diluted earnings per share of 0.60 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and diluted loss per share of 0.01 and diluted earnings per share of 0.87 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Guild generated 31.7 million and 30.7 million of adjusted net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and 70.4 million and 35.5 million of adjusted net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Guild generated adjusted diluted earnings per share of 0.51 and 0.49 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of 1.13 and 0.57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Guild generated 46.4 million and 41.6 million of adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and 103.9 million and 61.6 million of adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Guild s adjusted return on equity was 10.6 and 10.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and 8.0 and 3.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Guild had a tangible net book value per share of 15.14 and 15.90 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Guild had a 29 purchase recapture rate, a 41 refinance recapture rate and a 35 overall recapture rate, compared to 27 , 22 , and 25 , respectively, for the three months ended June 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Guild had a 28 purchase recapture rate, a 35 refinance recapture rate and a 31 overall recapture rate, compared to 28 , 26 , and 27 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In 2024 and 2023, Guild acquired certain assets of four mortgage lenders to support its growth strategy by expanding its business into new local communities and increasing its presence in the geographic areas it serves its clients. The acquisitions were funded with cash on hand and borrowings totaling approximately 25.0 million. 
 Adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted return on equity and tangible net book value per share are not measures calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income as an indicator of our operating performance. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further information regarding our non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the nearest comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Market and Economic Overview 
 Over the past year, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC had paused its series of rate hikes, keeping the Federal Funds Rate flat after aggressive increases in 2022 and early 2023, with its first rate drop of 50 bps in September 2024. The 10-year Treasury yield has shown some decline year to date, driven by economic indicators signaling slowing inflation, weaker job growth and potential softening of the Federal Reserve Policy. Decisions regarding changes in interest rates by the Federal Reserve could be assessed on a month-to-month basis and the Company will continue to monitor rate developments closely. While the Federal Reserve does not directly control mortgage interest rates, the Federal Funds Rate and inflation impact 10-year Treasury yield and mortgage interest rates, as higher Federal Funds Rate and inflation lead to increased yields and borrowing costs, while lower Federal Funds Rates and inflation result in decreased yields and mortgage rates. The average 10-year Treasury yield decreased 50 basis points and the average 30-year mortgage interest rate decreased 50 basis points during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which led to more refinancings and higher prepayment activity. These mortgage interest rate changes affect the fair value adjustments and assumptions used within the Mortgage Servicing Rights MSR valuation model. The fair value of MSRs is driven by changes in mortgage interest rates and prepayment speeds, which generally move inversely. Rising rates slow prepayments, increasing MSR value, while falling rates accelerate prepayments, reducing MSR value. We recorded a loss of 145.8 million and a gain of 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and recorded a loss of 122.9 million and a loss of 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for changes in the fair value of our MSRs. See discussion below under Results of Operations Revenue Valuation Adjustment of Mortgage Servicing Rights . 
 Home-buying affordability challenges remain as elevated home prices and mortgage rates cause many buyers to delay plans to purchase. Many homeowners with mortgage interest rates well below the current rates are choosing not to sell, limiting available inventory, but the existing home sales months supply has increased by 5 since last quarter, providing more opportunities for purchase mortgage originations. The MBA s October 2024 Mortgage Finance Forecast reported the industry s total originations up 16.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, while our originations increased by 48.5 , 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 which outpaced the market. The MBA is forecasting mortgage originations for purchases to increase by 4.0 in 2024 to 1.29 trillion from 1.24 trillion in 2023 and are predicting refinance originations to increase by 129.7 in 2024 to 503 billion from 219 billion in 2023. The MBA is forecasting total home sales to increase by 7.3 in 2025 after remaining relatively flat for 2024 while prices have stabilized. The elevated rates in 2023 and 2024, as well as the tight housing supply, have led to higher levels of competition and lower gain on sale margins and profitability. Margins may continue to remain at reduced rates due to interest rates remaining at high levels for longer than expected and increasing competition among mortgage providers, placing sustained pressure on pricing. However, future margins will depend on future market demand, capacity and other macroeconomic factors. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 Management reviews several key performance indicators to evaluate our business results, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate projections and inform our strategic business decisions. We use these key performance indicators to develop operational goals for managing our business. 
 Our origination metrics enable us to monitor our ability to generate revenue and expand our market share across different channels. In addition, they help us compare our performance against the nationwide originations market and our competitors. Our servicing metrics enable us to monitor the size of our customer base, the characteristics and related value of our MSRs, the health of the business as measured by the average MSR delinquency rate and help drive our customer retention efforts. We believe that the net additions to our portfolio are a leading indicator to our growth in servicing income. 
 We believe that these key performance indicators provide useful information to investors and others by allowing for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. These metrics may be used by investors in understanding and evaluating our operating results and enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects. Summary data for these key performance indicators is listed below. Please refer to Results of Operations for additional metrics that management reviews in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Three Months Ended Change Change and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Origination Data Total originations (1) 
 6,905,527 6,525,898 379,629 5.8 Total originations (units) (2) 
 20.1 19.2 0.9 4.7 Gain on sale margin (bps) (3) 
 333 326 7 2.1 Gain on sale margin on pull-through adjusted locked volume (bps) (4) 
 321 315 6 1.9 Servicing Data (5) 
 UPB (period end) (6) 
 91,485,163 89,092,933 2,392,230 2.7 Loans serviced (period end) (6) 
 365 358 7 2.0 Loans serviced (average) (6) 
 362 354 8 2.3 MSR multiple (period end) (7) 
 4.4 4.9 (0.5) (10.2) Weighted average coupon rate 4.4 4.3 0.1 2.3 Loan delinquency rate 60-plus days (period end) 1.7 1.5 0.2 13.3 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended Change Change and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Origination Data Total originations (1) 
 17,283,964 11,639,781 5,644,183 48.5 Total originations (units) (2) 
 51.2 35.7 15.5 43.4 Gain on sale margin (bps) (3) 
 337 343 (6) (1.7) Gain on sale margin on pull-through adjusted locked volume (bps) (4) 
 311 333 (22) (6.6) Servicing Data (5) 
 UPB (period end) (6) 
 91,485,163 83,705,731 7,779,432 9.3 Loans serviced (period end) (6) 
 365 340 25 7.4 Loans serviced (average) (6) 
 355 332 23 6.9 MSR multiple (period end) (7) 
 4.4 5.0 (0.6) (12.0) Weighted average coupon rate 4.4 4.0 0.4 10.0 Loan delinquency rate 60-plus days (period end) 1.7 1.6 0.1 6.3 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Total originations includes retail forward and reverse, brokered, wholesale and correspondent loans. 
 (2) Total origination units excludes second lien mortgages originated at the same time as the first mortgage or shortly thereafter. 
 (3) Represents loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net plus gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net divided by total originations, excluding brokered and wholesale loans, to derive basis points. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 include a 17.4 million increase in the valuation of our interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale due to model enhancements. 
 (4) Represents loan origination fees and gain on sales of loans, net divided by pull-through adjusted locked volume. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 include a 17.4 million increase in the valuation of our interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale due to model enhancements. Pull-through adjusted locked volume is equal to total locked volume multiplied by pull-through rates of 88.2 , 88.0 and 84.3 as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. We estimate the pull-through rate based on changes in pricing and actual borrower behavior using a historical analysis of loan closing data and fallout data with respect to the number of commitments that have historically remained unexercised. 
 (5) Excludes subserviced forward and reverse mortgage loans, which had ending UPB of 2.0 billion, 2.0 billion and 73.7 million as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (6) Includes loans held for sale, which had ending UPB of 1.6 billion, 1.6 billion and 831.6 million as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and period end number of loans serviced of approximately 6 thousand, 6 thousand and 3 thousand, for the same periods, respectively. 
 (7) Represents a metric used to determine the relative value of our MSRs in relation to our annualized retained servicing fee. It is calculated by dividing (a) the fair market value of our MSRs as of a specified date by (b) the weighted average annualized retained servicing fee for our servicing portfolio as of such date. We exclude purchased MSRs from this calculation because our servicing portfolio consists primarily of originated MSRs and, consequently, purchased MSRs do not have a material impact on our weighted average service fee. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP and to provide investors with additional information regarding our GAAP financial results, we have presented in this Quarterly Report adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted return on equity and tangible net book value per share which are non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures (other than tangible net book value per share) to evaluate our operating performance, to establish budgets and to develop operational goals for managing our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are designed to evaluate operating results exclusive of fair value and other adjustments that are not indicative of our business s operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that these 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results, enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects. In addition, management uses the non-GAAP financial measure of tangible net book value per share to evaluate the adequacy of our stockholders equity and assess our capital position and believes tangible net book value provides useful information to investors in assessing the strength of our financial position. 
 Adjusted net income . Net income (loss) is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP for adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure. We define adjusted net income as earnings or loss attributable to Guild excluding (i) the change in the fair value measurements related to our MSRs due to changes in model inputs and assumptions, (ii) change in the fair value of contingent liabilities related to completed acquisitions, net of change in the fair value of notes receivable related to acquisitions, (iii) amortization of acquired intangible assets and (iv) stock-based compensation. We exclude these items because we believe they are non-cash expenses that are not reflective of our core operations or indicative of our ongoing operations. Adjusted net income is also adjusted by applying an estimated effective tax rate to these adjustments. We exclude the change in the fair value of MSRs, a non-cash, non-realized adjustment to net revenues, from adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA below because it is not indicative of our operating performance or results of operations. The change in fair value of MSRs is due to changes in model inputs and assumptions such as prepayment speed, discount rate, cost to service assumptions and other factors that impact the carrying value of our MSRs from period to period. 
 Adjusted earnings per share Basic and Diluted . Earnings per share is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP for adjusted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure. We define adjusted earnings per share as our adjusted net income divided by the basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of our Class A and Class B common stock. Diluted weighted average shares outstanding is adjusted to include potential shares of Class A common stock related to unvested RSUs that were excluded from the calculation of GAAP diluted loss per share because they were anti-dilutive due to the net loss, when applicable. 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Net income (loss) is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP for adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure. We define adjusted EBITDA as earnings before (i) interest expense on non-funding debt (without adjustment for net warehouse interest related to loan fundings and payoff interest related to loan prepayments), (ii) taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization and (iv) net income attributable to the non-controlling interests, and excluding (v) any change in the fair value measurements of our MSRs due to valuation assumptions, (vi) change in the fair value of contingent liabilities related to completed acquisitions, net of change in the fair value of notes receivable related to acquisitions and (vii) stock-based compensation. We exclude these items because we believe they are not reflective of our core operations or indicative of our ongoing operations. 
 Adjusted return on equity . Return on equity is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP for adjusted return on equity, a non-GAAP measure. We define adjusted return on equity as annualized adjusted net income as a percentage of average beginning and ending stockholders equity during the period. 
 Tangible net book value per share. Book value per share is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP for tangible net book value per share, a non-GAAP measure. We define tangible net book value per share as total stockholders equity attributable to Guild, less goodwill and intangible assets, net divided by the total shares of our Class A and Class B common stock outstanding. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables reconcile the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP to our non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted Net Income and (Loss) Earnings Per Share to Adjusted Earnings Per Share 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net (loss) income attributable to Guild 
 (66,892) 37,583 (811) 53,995 Add adjustments: Change in fair value of MSRs due to model inputs and assumptions 123,961 (20,645) 70,419 (38,283) Change in fair value of contingent liabilities and notes receivable due to acquisitions, net 3,166 6,263 10,563 865 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 2,229 2,429 6,826 5,963 Stock-based compensation 2,857 2,687 7,681 6,417 Tax impact of adjustments (1) 
 (33,655) 2,399 (24,254) 6,585 Adjusted net income 
 31,666 30,716 70,424 35,542 Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and Class B Common Stock: Basic 61,390 61,337 61,279 60,940 Diluted 61,390 62,393 61,279 61,976 Adjusted diluted (2) 
 62,544 62,393 62,365 61,976 (Loss) earnings per share Basic 
 (1.09) 0.61 (0.01) 0.89 (Loss) earnings per share Diluted 
 (1.09) 0.60 (0.01) 0.87 Adjusted earnings per share Basic 
 0.52 0.50 1.15 0.58 Adjusted earnings per share Diluted 
 0.51 0.49 1.13 0.57 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Calculated using the estimated effective tax rates of 25.5 , 25.9 , 25.4 and 26.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Adjusted diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and Class B common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes 1.2 million and 1.1 million, respectively, potential shares of Class A common stock related to unvested RSUs that were excluded from the calculation of GAAP diluted loss per share because they were anti-dilutive. There were no adjustments for the three months ended June 30, 2024 or for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net (loss) income 
 (66,951) 37,591 (960) 53,984 Add adjustments: Interest expense on non-funding debt 5,496 4,749 13,526 8,381 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (25,882) 6,936 (8,803) 19,184 Depreciation and amortization 3,753 3,970 11,477 11,063 Change in fair value of MSRs due to model inputs and assumptions 123,961 (20,645) 70,419 (38,283) Change in fair value of contingent liabilities and notes receivable due to acquisitions, net 3,166 6,263 10,563 865 Stock-based compensation 2,857 2,687 7,681 6,417 Adjusted EBITDA 46,400 41,551 103,903 61,611 
 Reconciliation of Return on Equity to Adjusted Return on Equity 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income Statement Data: Net (loss) income attributable to Guild 
 (66,892) 37,583 (811) 53,995 Adjusted net income 
 31,666 30,716 70,424 35,542 Denominator: Average stockholders' equity 1,190,166 1,218,293 1,170,695 1,263,132 Return on equity 
 (22.5) 12.3 (0.1) 5.7 Adjusted return on equity 
 10.6 10.1 8.0 3.8 
 Reconciliation of Book Value Per Share to Tangible Net Book Value Per Share (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total stockholders' equity 1,157,896 1,183,493 Less: non-controlling interests 540 337 Total stockholders' equity attributable to Guild 1,157,356 1,183,156 Adjustments: Goodwill (198,724) (186,181) Intangible assets, net (29,499) (25,125) Tangible common equity 929,133 971,850 Ending shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding 61,385 61,120 Book value per share 18.85 19.36 Tangible net book value per share (1) 
 15.14 15.90 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Tangible net book value per share uses the same denominator as book value per share. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables summarize our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to June 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Revenue Loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net 220,611 205,848 14,763 7.2 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net 2,367 2,134 233 10.9 Loan servicing and other fees 70,951 67,709 3,242 4.8 Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights (145,776) 2,134 (147,910) NM Interest income 43,808 36,219 7,589 21.0 Interest expense (33,339) (28,647) (4,692) (16.4) Other income, net 
 635 288 347 120.5 Net revenue 159,257 285,685 (126,428) (44.3) Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 199,005 188,938 10,067 5.3 General and administrative 26,718 28,398 (1,680) (5.9) Occupancy, equipment and communication 22,001 20,348 1,653 8.1 Depreciation and amortization 3,753 3,970 (217) (5.5) Provision for (reversal of) foreclosure losses 
 613 (496) 1,109 223.6 Total expenses 252,090 241,158 10,932 4.5 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (92,833) 44,527 (137,360) (308.5) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (25,882) 6,936 (32,818) (473.2) Net (loss) income 
 (66,951) 37,591 (104,542) (278.1) Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (59) 8 (67) (837.5) Net (loss) income attributable to Guild 
 (66,892) 37,583 (104,475) (278.0) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Revenue Loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net 560,519 387,702 172,817 44.6 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net 7,731 5,061 2,670 52.8 Loan servicing and other fees 204,448 182,239 22,209 12.2 Valuation adjustment of mortgage servicing rights (122,864) (4,904) (117,960) NM Interest income 104,755 76,177 28,578 37.5 Interest expense (78,527) (48,985) (29,542) (60.3) Other income, net 
 662 663 (1) (0.2) Net revenue 676,724 597,953 78,771 13.2 Expenses Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 528,010 398,660 129,350 32.4 General and administrative 84,327 60,140 24,187 40.2 Occupancy, equipment and communication 62,164 54,368 7,796 14.3 Depreciation and amortization 11,477 11,063 414 3.7 Provision for foreclosure losses 
 509 554 (45) (8.1) Total expenses 686,487 524,785 161,702 30.8 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (9,763) 73,168 (82,931) (113.3) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (8,803) 19,184 (27,987) (145.9) Net (loss) income 
 (960) 53,984 (54,944) (101.8) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (149) (11) (138) NM Net (loss) income attributable to Guild 
 (811) 53,995 (54,806) (101.5) __________________________ 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 
 Revenue 
 Loan Origination Fees and Gain on Sale of Loans, Net 
 The tables below provide additional detail regarding the loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Gain on sale of loans 153,450 131,319 22,131 16.9 Loan origination fees 21,636 20,093 1,543 7.7 Fair value of originated MSRs 51,482 55,397 (3,915) (7.1) Changes in fair value of mortgage loans held for sale MLHS and interest rate lock commitments IRLCs 
 4,535 5,227 (692) (13.2) Changes in fair value of forward commitments (4,074) (2,152) (1,922) (89.3) Provision for investor reserves (6,418) (4,036) (2,382) (59.0) Total loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net 220,611 205,848 14,763 7.2 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in gain on sale of loans for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 was driven by an increase in loan sales of 879.7 million, or 15.2 , as well as the increase in gain on sale margin offset by decreased gains on settled commitments. 
 The increase in loan origination fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 was driven by the increase in loan origination volume. 
 The decrease in the fair value of originated MSRs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 was due to overall declines in MSR value throughout the quarter as interest rates declined. 
 The decrease in fair value of forward commitments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by unfavorable market pricing as compared to the previous quarter. 
 The increase in provision for investor reserves for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 is due to an increase in loan origination activity as well as updates to forecast loss estimates based on recent repurchase and loan sale activity. 
 Nine Months Ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Gain on sale of loans 354,146 220,792 133,354 60.4 Loan origination fees 51,205 38,416 12,789 33.3 Fair value of originated MSRs 141,113 111,925 29,188 26.1 Changes in fair value of MLHS and IRLCs 14,867 8,863 6,004 67.7 Changes in fair value of forward commitments 10,162 15,753 (5,591) (35.5) Provision for investor reserves (10,974) (8,047) (2,927) (36.4) Total loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net 560,519 387,702 172,817 44.6 
 The increase in gain on sale of loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was driven by an increase in loan sales as well as the increase in service released sales. 
 Loan origination fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 12.8 million, or 33.3 . The increase in loan origination fees is primarily driven by our loan origination volume increase. 
 The increase in the fair value of originated MSRs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to an increase in loan sales volume for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 offset by the decrease in service retained sales from 83.1 to 68.2 . 
 The change in fair value of MLHS and IRLC for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by an increase in pull-through adjusted locked volume and loans held for sale as of period end. 
 The change in fair value of forward commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 10.2 million was driven by an increase in the volume of forward commitments consistent with the increase in volume of the interest rate lock commitments and loans held for sale. 
 The increase in provision for investor reserves for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is due to an increase in loan origination activity as well as updates to forecast loss estimates based on recent repurchase and loan sale activity. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below provide additional detail regarding the composition of our origination volume and other key performance indicators for the periods presented. Three Months Ended Change in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Loan origination volume by type: Conventional conforming 
 3,931,036 3,787,056 143,980 3.8 Government (1) 
 1,710,082 1,639,793 70,289 4.3 Other (2) 
 1,264,409 1,099,049 165,360 15.0 Total originations 6,905,527 6,525,898 379,629 5.8 Total loans sold (3) 
 6,667,061 5,787,327 879,734 15.2 Service retained (4) 
 66.5 67.8 (1.3) (1.9) Gain on sale margin (bps) (5) 
 333 326 7 2.1 Weighted average note rate 6.6 6.9 (0.3) (4.3) Excludes reverse and brokered loans: Purchase 88.1 92.3 (4.2) (4.6) Refinance 11.9 7.7 4.2 54.5 Total locked volume (6) 
 7,786,862 7,419,119 367,743 5.0 Pull-through adjusted locked volume (7) 
 6,868,012 6,528,825 339,187 5.2 Gain on sale margin on pull-through adjusted locked volume (bps) (8) 
 321 315 6 1.9 Purchase recapture rate 29.3 27.1 2.2 8.1 Refinance recapture rate 40.9 21.9 19.0 86.8 Overall recapture rate 
 35.3 25.3 10.0 39.5 
 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Loan origination volume by type: Conventional conforming 
 9,929,869 6,775,921 3,153,948 46.5 Government (1) 
 4,479,524 3,357,900 1,121,624 33.4 Other (2) 
 2,874,571 1,505,960 1,368,611 90.9 Total originations 17,283,964 11,639,781 5,644,183 48.5 Total loans sold (3) 
 16,012,707 11,368,653 4,644,054 40.8 Service retained (4) 
 68.2 83.1 (14.9) (17.9) Gain on sale margin (bps) (5) 
 337 343 (6) (1.7) Weighted average note rate 6.8 6.6 0.2 3.0 Excludes reverse and brokered loans: Purchase 90.3 93.6 (3.3) (3.5) Refinance 9.7 6.4 3.3 51.6 Total locked volume (6) 
 20,453,939 13,812,502 6,641,437 48.1 Pull-through adjusted locked volume (7) 
 18,040,374 11,643,939 6,396,435 54.9 Gain on sale margin on pull-through adjusted locked volume (bps) (8) 
 311 333 (22) (6.6) Purchase recapture rate 28.4 27.9 0.5 1.8 Refinance recapture rate 34.7 25.9 8.8 34.0 Overall recapture rate 
 31.0 27.4 3.6 13.1 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Government includes forward and reverse loans. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Other includes state housing, non-agency and brokered loans. 
 (3) Represents the UPB of forward loans sold and reverse loans securitized. 
 (4) Represents loans sold for which we continue to act as the servicer. 
 (5) Represents loan origination fees and gain on sale of loans, net plus gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net divided by total originations, excluding brokered and wholesale loans, to derive basis points. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 include a 17.4 million increase in the valuation of our interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale due to model enhancements. 
 (6) Total locked volume represents the aggregate dollar value of the potential loans for which we have agreed to extend credit to consumers at specified rates for a specified period of time, subject to certain contingencies that are described in the IRLCs between us and each of those consumers. The total locked volume for a given period is representative of the IRLCs that we have initially entered into during that period. 
 (7) Pull-through adjusted locked volume is equal to total locked volume multiplied by pull-through rates of 88.2 , 88.0 and 84.3 as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. We estimate the pull-through rate based on changes in pricing and actual borrower behavior using a historical analysis of loan closing data and fallout data with respect to the number of commitments that have historically remained unexercised. 
 (8) Represents loan origination fees and gain on sales of loans, net divided by pull-through adjusted locked volume. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 include a 17.4 million increase in the valuation of our interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale due to model enhancements. 
 Gain on Reverse Mortgage Loans Held for Investment and HMBS-related Borrowings, Net 
 The gain on origination and securitization related to our reverse mortgage portfolio was 2.4 million and 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and 7.7 million and 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Loan Servicing and Other Fees 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our loan servicing and other fees for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Servicing fees from servicing portfolio 69,140 66,065 3,075 4.7 Late fees 2,200 2,042 158 7.7 Other ancillary servicing revenue and fees (389) (398) 9 2.3 Total loan servicing and other fees 70,951 67,709 3,242 4.8 
 Loan servicing and other fees increased 4.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, from 67.7 million to 71.0 million. The increase was mostly due to the 2.9 increase in the average UPB of our servicing portfolio and the increase in the number of loans serviced. 
 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Servicing fees from servicing portfolio 199,239 179,382 19,857 11.1 Late fees 6,298 5,016 1,282 25.6 Other ancillary servicing revenue and fees (1,089) (2,159) 1,070 49.6 Total loan servicing and other fees 204,448 182,239 22,209 12.2 
 Loan servicing and other fees increased 12.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, from 182.2 million to 204.4 million. The increase was mostly due to the 8.6 increase in the average UPB of our servicing portfolio and the increase in the number of loans serviced as well as an increase in late fees and loan modification fees. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below provide additional details regarding our servicing portfolio composition and key performance indicators, excluding loans subserviced by third-parties and reverse mortgages, for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended 
 Change and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Ending UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 91,485,163 89,092,933 2,392,230 2.7 Average UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 90,289,048 87,706,004 2,583,044 2.9 Weighted average servicing fee 0.32 0.32 Weighted average coupon rate 4.4 4.3 0.1 2.3 Weighted average prepayment speed (2) 
 9.4 7.9 1.5 19.0 MSR multiple (period end) (3) 
 4.4 4.9 (0.5) (10.2) Loans serviced (period end) (4) 
 365 358 7 2.0 Loan delinquency rate 60-plus days (period end) 1.7 1.5 0.2 13.3 
 Nine Months Ended Change and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Ending UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 91,485,163 83,705,731 7,779,432 9.3 Average UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 88,259,531 81,299,359 6,960,172 8.6 Weighted average servicing fee 0.32 0.30 0.02 6.7 Weighted average coupon rate 4.4 4.0 0.4 10.0 Weighted average prepayment speed (2) 
 9.4 7.5 1.9 25.3 MSR multiple (period end) (3) 
 4.4 5.0 (0.6) (12.0) Loans serviced (period end) (4) 
 365 340 25 7.4 Loan delinquency rate 60-plus days (period end) 1.7 1.6 0.1 6.3 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Excludes subserviced forward and reverse mortgage loans, which had ending UPB of 2.0 billion, 2.0 billion and 73.7 million as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and includes loans held for sale of 1.6 billion, 1.6 billion and 831.6 million, respectively. 
 (2) Represents the percentage of UPB that is projected to pay off before maturity in each period, calculated as an annual rate. This estimate is calculated by our third-party valuation provider. 
 (3) Represents a metric used to determine the relative value of our MSRs in relation to our annualized retained servicing fee. It is calculated by dividing (a) the fair market value of our MSRs as of a specified date by (b) the weighted average annualized retained servicing fee for our servicing portfolio as of such date. We exclude purchased MSRs from this calculation because our servicing portfolio consists primarily of originated MSRs and, consequently, purchased MSRs do not have a material impact on our weighted average service fee. 
 (4) Loans serviced includes approximately 6 thousand, 6 thousand and 3 thousand of loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Valuation Adjustment of Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 The tables below provide the components of our MSR valuation adjustment for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Change in fair value of MSRs due to collection/realization of cash flows (21,815) (18,511) (3,304) (17.8) Change in fair value of MSRs due to model inputs and assumptions (123,961) 20,645 (144,606) (700.4) Total MSR valuation adjustment (145,776) 2,134 (147,910) NM 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Change in fair value of MSRs due to collection/realization of cash flows (52,445) (43,187) (9,258) (21.4) Change in fair value of MSRs due to model inputs and assumptions (70,419) 38,283 (108,702) (283.9) Total MSR valuation adjustment (122,864) (4,904) (117,960) NM __________________________ 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 The fair value of MSRs is driven by changes in mortgage interest rates and prepayment speeds, which generally move inversely. Rising rates slow prepayments, increasing MSR value, while falling rates accelerate prepayments, reducing MSR value. Other factors, such as discount rates and servicing cost, also affect fair value. The weighted average estimated prepayment speed of loans in our servicing portfolio increased to 9.4 at September 30, 2024 compared to 7.9 at June 30, 2024, and 7.5 at September 30, 2023. Average interest rates decreased during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in an increase in estimated prepayment speed and a decrease in estimated float earnings on escrow balances, leading to a 124.0 million decrease in fair value of MSRs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a 70.4 million decrease during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Actual prepayments increased 22.3 from 1.2 billion during the three months ended June 30, 2024 to 1.4 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024, leading to a 21.8 million change in fair value due to the collection/realization of cash flows. Prepayments increased 19.3 from 2.8 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, leading to a 52.4 million change in fair value due to the collection/realization of cash flows. Although prepayments have increased, we also had increases in refinance recapture rates by 19.0 from the prior quarter and 8.8 year to date. 
 Interest Income 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our interest income for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Interest income, funding 26,513 21,934 4,579 20.9 Interest income earnings credit 15,799 12,873 2,926 22.7 Other 1,496 1,412 84 5.9 Total interest income 43,808 36,219 7,589 21.0 
 Interest income, funding increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to an increase in origination volume of 5.8 and an increase in the daily average balance of our loans held for sale, partially offset by lower weighted average note rate on originated loans. 
 Interest income earnings credit increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to higher cash balances with our banking partners. 
 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Interest income, funding 61,142 40,671 20,471 50.3 Interest income earnings credit 39,820 33,882 5,938 17.5 Other 3,793 1,624 2,169 133.6 Total interest income 104,755 76,177 28,578 37.5 
 Interest income, funding increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to an increase in origination volume and higher weighted average note rates on originated loans. 
 Interest income earnings credit increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to higher cash balances and a higher earnings credit rate, 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 which is set by our banking partners on non-interest bearing deposits and applied against other banking fees as an offset. 
 Interest Expense 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our interest expense for the periods presented. Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Interest expense, funding facilities 24,883 21,371 3,512 16.4 Interest expense, other financing 5,842 5,164 678 13.1 Bank servicing charges 1,847 1,565 282 18.0 Payoff interest expense 767 547 220 40.2 Total interest expense 33,339 28,647 4,692 16.4 
 Interest expense, funding facilities increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to higher average daily balances held with our warehouse lenders as origination volumes have increased, and a slight increase in time from close to purchase due to the increase in loans sold serviced released. 
 Interest expense, other financing increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 primarily due to an increase in the average balances on our notes payable. 
 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Interest expense, funding facilities 57,442 33,829 23,613 69.8 Interest expense, other financing 14,596 9,510 5,086 53.5 Bank servicing charges 4,791 4,415 376 8.5 Payoff interest expense 1,698 1,231 467 37.9 Total interest expense 78,527 48,985 29,542 60.3 
 Interest expense funding facilities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the increase in average daily balances held with our warehouse lenders due to the increase in origination volume, and an increase in time from close to purchase due to the increase in loans sold serviced released. 
 Interest expense, other financing increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the average balances on our notes payable and other borrowings. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Salaries, Incentive Compensation and Benefits 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our salaries, incentives compensation and benefits expense for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Salaries 90,861 88,658 2,203 2.5 Incentive compensation 78,673 72,803 5,870 8.1 Benefits 29,471 27,477 1,994 7.3 Total salaries, incentive compensation and benefits expense 199,005 188,938 10,067 5.3 
 Salaries expense increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to annual merit increases. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Incentive compensation expense increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to the increase in origination volume. 
 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Salaries 253,509 211,086 42,423 20.1 Incentive compensation 193,557 127,115 66,442 52.3 Benefits 80,944 60,459 20,485 33.9 Total salaries, incentive compensation and benefits expense 528,010 398,660 129,350 32.4 
 Salaries expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to increased headcount related to acquisitions. Our average number of full-time employees increased by approximately 18.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Incentive compensation expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the increase in origination volume of 48.5 . 
 Benefits expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased headcount and overall compensation increases. 
 General and Administrative 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our general and administrative expense for the periods presented. Three Months Ended 
 Change Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Professional fees 12,817 12,075 742 6.1 Advertising and promotions 3,946 4,613 (667) (14.5) Office supplies, travel and entertainment 4,260 4,101 159 3.9 Contingent liability and notes receivable fair value adjustment, net 
 3,166 6,263 (3,097) (49.4) Other 
 2,529 1,346 1,183 87.9 Total general and administrative expense 26,718 28,398 (1,680) (5.9) 
 Professional fees increased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in legal expenses, partially offset by a decrease in accounting fees. 
 Advertising and promotions expense decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the cost of our sales incentive trip. 
 Contingent liability and notes receivable fair value adjustment decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to revisions made to the estimated fair value of earn-out obligations related to our acquisitions based on revised forecasted amounts. 
 Other expenses increased for three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in subservicing fee expense. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended Change Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Professional fees 39,947 33,578 6,369 19.0 Advertising and promotions 16,220 13,178 3,042 23.1 Office supplies, travel and entertainment 12,159 8,828 3,331 37.7 Contingent liability and notes receivable fair value adjustment, net 
 10,563 865 9,698 NM Other 
 5,438 3,691 1,747 47.3 Total general and administrative expense 84,327 60,140 24,187 40.2 
 __________________________ 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 Professional fees increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to per-loan verification fees increasing as a result of third-party pricing increases and increases in origination volume, as well as an increase in accounting fees. 
 Advertising and promotions expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in the cost of our annual sales meeting and sales incentive trip driven by the increase in the number of sales professionals from acquisitions and recruiting. We also had an increase in marketing costs to support the increase in the number of our sales professionals and origination volumes. 
 Office supplies, travel and entertainment expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to an increase in postage costs as a result of postage rate increases as well as increases in origination units and the number of loans serviced. Additionally, travel and meetings expense increased related to acquisition-related trainings and subscription costs increased due to increased headcount and origination volumes. 
 The increase to the contingent liability fair value adjustment, net during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to new acquisitions in the current year and revisions made to the estimated fair value of earn-out obligations based on revised forecasted amounts. 
 Occupancy, Equipment and Communication 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our occupancy, equipment and communication expense for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Occupancy 12,014 12,231 (217) (1.8) Equipment 2,563 2,031 532 26.2 Communication 7,424 6,086 1,338 22.0 Total occupancy, equipment and communication expense 22,001 20,348 1,653 8.1 
 Occupancy costs generally consist of fixed costs and remain consistent except any increases associated with new acquisitions, expansion into new territories and entry into new material building leases or any decreases associated with downsizing office space. 
 Total occupancy, equipment and communication expense increased from 20.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to 22.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in communication expenses related to software renewals. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Occupancy 35,378 31,227 4,151 13.3 Equipment 6,637 6,087 550 9.0 Communication 20,149 17,054 3,095 18.1 Total occupancy, equipment and communication expense 62,164 54,368 7,796 14.3 
 Total occupancy, equipment and communication expense increased from 54.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 62.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in occupancy expense as we acquired new operating leases in connection with recent acquisitions and an increase in software costs and document storage to support our origination segment. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to remain consistent as most furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis and intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased slightly from 4.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to 3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to certain intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions being fully amortized as of June 30, 2024. Depreciation and amortization expense increased from 11.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 11.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to amortization of intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions and internally-developed software, partially offset by lower depreciation expense on fixed assets. 
 Provision for Foreclosure Losses 
 Our provision for foreclosure losses increased from a reversal of 0.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to a provision of 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in expected losses based on number of loans and loan types in foreclosure. Our provision for foreclosure losses decreased from a provision of 0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to a provision of 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a decrease in the average loss rate experienced on loans in foreclosure, partially offset by an increase in the number of these loans in foreclosure. 
 Our 60-plus days delinquency rate was 1.7 , 1.5 and 1.6 at September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The delinquency rate increased compared to the prior quarter primarily due to seasonality. We continue to monitor foreclosure reserves and potential losses regularly to assess if further changes are needed. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax decreased from an expense of 6.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to a benefit of 25.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 were 27.9 and 15.6 , respectively . Income tax decreased from an expense of 19.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to a benefit of 8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 90.2 and 26.2 , respectively. The decrease in income tax expense and the increase in effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by the change in fair value of the MSRs and the recognition of discrete items related to certain state tax refunds. 
 
 Segment Results 
 Our operations are comprised of two distinct, but related reportable segments that we refer to as our origination and servicing segments. We operate our origination segment from office locations throughout the United States. Our licensed sales professionals and support staff cultivate deep relationships with our referral partners and clients and provide a customized approach to the loan transaction, whether it is a purchase or a refinance. Although our origination and servicing segments are separated for this presentation, management sees the two segments as intricately related and interdependent. We believe that our servicing segment provides a steady stream of revenue to support our origination segment and that, more importantly, our servicing segment positions us to build longstanding client relationships that drive repeat and referral business back to the origination segment to recapture our clients future mortgage transactions. In particular, the growth 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 of our servicing segment is dependent on the continued growth of our origination volume because our servicing portfolio consists primarily of originated MSRs. 
 Financial results from our acquisitions are integrated into their respective segments after the close of the transactions. Revenues and expenses from our acquisitions are allocated primarily to our origination segment. See below for an overview and discussion of each of our segments results for three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These results do not include unallocated corporate costs. See Note 17 Segments of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for additional information about our segments. 
 Origination 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our origination segment results for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended and units in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change 
 Change Total originations (1) 
 6,905,527 6,525,898 379,629 5.8 Total originations (units) (2) 
 20.1 19.2 0.9 4.7 Loan origination fees and gain on sale, net 220,365 206,218 14,147 6.9 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net 2,367 2,134 233 10.9 Interest income (expense), net 
 708 (119) 827 695.0 Other income, net 657 535 122 22.8 Net revenue 224,097 208,768 15,329 7.3 Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 175,922 169,037 6,885 4.1 General and administrative 19,742 21,798 (2,056) (9.4) Occupancy, equipment and communication 18,708 17,876 832 4.7 Depreciation and amortization 3,290 3,162 128 4.0 Total expenses 217,662 211,873 5,789 2.7 Net income (loss) allocated to origination 
 6,435 (3,105) 9,540 307.2 __________________________ 
 (1) Total originations includes retail forward and reverse, brokered, wholesale and correspondent loans. 
 (2) Total origination units excludes second lien mortgages originated at the same time as the first mortgage or shortly thereafter. 
 The net income allocated to our origination segment improved significantly by 9.5 million, or 307.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in net revenue of 15.3 million, or 7.3 , which offset our 2.7 increase in volume related expenses, showing our ability to scale as we grow originations. 
 Total originations increased 0.4 billion, or 5.8 , and total origination units increased by 4.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 driven by decreases in mortgage interest rates, as well as expansion from acquisitions and organic recruiting. 
 Our gain on sale margins increased to 333 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 326 basis points for the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to interest rate and market movement. 
 Our purchase volume percentage decreased from 92.3 to 88.1 of total originations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to interest rate decreases during the quarter which led to increased refinance activity. 
 The percentage of service retained originations decreased to 66.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 67.8 for the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to receiving higher execution on service released sales. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended and units in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change 
 Change Total originations (1) 
 17,283,964 11,639,781 5,644,183 48.5 Total originations (units) (2) 
 51.2 35.7 15.5 43.4 Loan origination fees and gain on sale, net 560,247 387,587 172,660 44.5 Gain on reverse mortgage loans held for investment and HMBS-related borrowings, net 7,731 5,061 2,670 52.8 Interest income, net 1,253 4,019 (2,766) (68.8) Other income, net 
 1,556 507 1,049 206.9 Net revenue 570,787 397,174 173,613 43.7 Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 466,064 344,259 121,805 35.4 General and administrative 62,088 42,251 19,837 47.0 Occupancy, equipment and communication 53,519 47,356 6,163 13.0 Depreciation and amortization 9,943 10,198 (255) (2.5) Total expenses 591,614 444,064 147,550 33.2 Net loss allocated to origination 
 (20,827) (46,890) 26,063 55.6 __________________________ 
 (1) Total originations includes retail forward and reverse, brokered, wholesale and correspondent loans. 
 (2) Total origination units excludes second lien mortgages originated at the same time as the first mortgage or shortly thereafter. 
 The net loss allocated to our origination segment improved significantly by 26.1 million, or 55.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net revenue of 173.6 million, or 43.7 , which was partially offset by our 33.2 increase in volume related expenses, showing our ability to scale as we grow originations. 
 Total originations increased 5.6 billion, or 48.5 , and total origination units increased by 43.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 driven by expansion from recent acquisitions and organic recruiting. 
 Our gain on sale margins decreased to 337 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 343 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to interest rate and market volatility. 
 Our purchase volume percentage decreased slightly from 93.6 to 90.3 of total originations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 driven by increased refinance activity led by a drop in interest rates during 2024. 
 The percentage of service retained originations decreased to 68.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 83.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to receiving higher execution on service released sales. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Servicing 
 The tables below provide additional details regarding our servicing segment results for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change 
 Change Average UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 90,289,048 87,706,004 2,583,044 2.9 Average loans serviced (2) 
 362 354 8 2.3 Loan servicing and other fees 70,951 67,709 3,242 4.8 Loan origination fees and gain on sale, net 246 (370) 616 166.5 Other income, net 70 45 25 55.6 Total revenue 71,267 67,384 3,883 5.8 Valuation adjustment of MSRs (145,776) 2,134 (147,910) NM Interest income, net 14,686 11,910 2,776 23.3 Net revenue (59,823) 81,428 (141,251) (173.5) Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 9,219 8,518 701 8.2 General and administrative 3,788 2,855 933 32.7 Occupancy, equipment and communication 1,004 735 269 36.6 Depreciation and amortization 161 270 (109) (40.4) Provision for (reversal of) foreclosure losses 
 613 (496) 1,109 223.6 Total expenses 14,785 11,882 2,903 24.4 Net (loss) income allocated to servicing 
 (74,608) 69,546 (144,154) (207.3) 
 ___________________________ 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 (1) Excludes subserviced and reverse mortgage loans, which had ending UPB of 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 and includes loans held for sale of 1.6 billion, as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 (2) Includes loans held for sale, which had period end number of loans serviced of approximately 6 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 Net loss allocated to servicing decreased 144.2 million, or 207.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 primarily due a decrease in the valuation adjustment of MSRs during the quarter. See discussion above under Results of Operations Revenue Valuation Adjustment of Mortgage Servicing Rights . 
 Total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.8 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024, in line with the increase in average UPB of the servicing portfolio of 2.9 and the increase in average loans serviced by 2.3 for the same period. 
 The provision for foreclosure losses increased 1.1 million, or 223.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous quarter ended June 30, 2024 due to an increase in expected losses. See discussion above under Results of Operations Expenses Provision for Foreclosure Losses . 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended and units in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change 
 Change Average UPB of servicing portfolio (1) 
 88,259,531 81,299,359 6,960,172 8.6 Average loans serviced (2) 
 355 332 23 6.9 Loan servicing and other fees 204,448 182,277 22,171 12.2 Loan origination fees and gain on sale, net 272 115 157 136.5 Other income, net 137 150 (13) (8.7) Total revenue 204,857 182,542 22,315 12.2 Valuation adjustment of MSRs (122,864) (4,904) (117,960) NM Interest income, net 37,052 30,884 6,168 20.0 Net revenue 119,045 208,522 (89,477) (42.9) Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits 25,882 23,173 2,709 11.7 General and administrative 10,505 8,073 2,432 30.1 Occupancy, equipment and communication 2,705 3,887 (1,182) (30.4) Depreciation and amortization 572 377 195 51.7 Provision for foreclosure losses 
 509 554 (45) (8.1) Total expenses 40,173 36,064 4,109 11.4 Net income allocated to servicing 
 78,872 172,458 (93,586) (54.3) ___________________________ 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 (1) Excludes subserviced and reverse mortgage loans, which had UPB of 2.0 billion and 73.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and includes loans held for sale of 1.6 billion and 831.6 million, respectively. 
 (2) Includes loans held for sale, which had period end number of loans serviced of approximately 6 thousand and 3 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Net income allocated to servicing decreased significantly by 93.6 million, or 54.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 primarily due to a 118.0 million decrease in the valuation adjustment of MSRs during the period. 
 Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12.2 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in line with the increase in average UPB of the servicing portfolio of 8.6 and the increase in average loans serviced by 6.9 for the same period. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Cash Flows 
 Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have included: 
 cash flows from our operations, including: 
 sale of whole loans into the secondary market; 
 loan origination fees; 
 servicing fee income; and 
 interest income on MLHS; 
 borrowings on warehouse lines of credit to originate mortgage loans; and 
 borrowings on our notes payable. 
 Historically, our primary uses of funds have included: 
 cash flows used in our operations, including but not limited to: 
 origination of MLHS; 
 payment of interest expense; and 
 payment of operating expenses, including personnel costs and IT infrastructure; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 repayments on warehouse lines of credit; 
 repayments on our notes payable; 
 acquisitions of other mortgage businesses; 
 share repurchases; and 
 payment of dividends. 
 We are also subject to contingencies that may have a significant effect on the use of our cash. We believe that our cash flows from operations and other available sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our material cash requirements for the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flow from operations, and amounts available for borrowing under our loan funding facilities. 
 Debt Obligations 
 In order to originate and aggregate loans for sale into the secondary market, we use our own working capital and borrow or obtain money on a short-term basis, primarily through committed and uncommitted loan funding facilities that we have established with large national and global banks. We fund substantially all of the mortgage loans we close through borrowings under our loan funding facilities. 
 Our loan funding facilities are primarily in the form of master repurchase agreements, which we refer to as warehouse lines of credit. Loans financed under these facilities are generally financed at approximately 97 to 98 of the principal balance of the loan (although certain types of loans are financed at lower percentages of the principal balance of the loan), which requires us to fund the balance from cash generated from our operations. Once closed, the underlying mortgage loan that is held for sale is pledged as collateral for the borrowing or advance that was made under these loan funding facilities. In most cases, the loans will remain in one of the loan funding facilities for only a short time, generally less than one month, until the loans are pooled and sold. During 2024, our loans remained on warehouse lines of credit for an average of 20 days. During the time the loans are held for sale, we earn interest income from the borrower on the underlying mortgage loan. This income is partially offset by the interest and fees we must pay under the loan funding facilities. 
 When we sell a pool of loans in the secondary market, the proceeds received from the sale of the loans are used to pay back the amounts we owe on the loan funding facilities. We rely on the cash generated from the sale of loans to fund future loans and repay borrowings under our loan funding facilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had nine different loan funding facilities in different amounts and with various maturities, including an early buyout facility. The early buyout facility allows us to purchase certain delinquent GNMA loans that we service and finance them on the facility until the loan is cured or subsequently sold. As of September 30, 2024, the total facility size under our loan facilities was approximately 2.1 billion, with combined outstanding balances of approximately 1.6 billion. We are continually assessing our financing arrangements to ensure they are aligned with our business needs and make adjustments as necessary. We intend to renew our warehouse lines of credit maturing in the next 12 months. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had three different notes payable, collateralized by MSRs, in different amounts with different maturities. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate facility size of our notes payable facilities totaled 750.0 million, with combined outstanding balances of 240.0 million. Subject to certain commitment amounts and borrowing base limitations, we had 295.0 million of borrowing capacity available under our notes payable. The borrowing capacity under our notes payable is restricted by the valuation of our servicing portfolio. 
 The amount of financing advanced on each individual loan under our loan funding facilities is determined by agreed upon advance rates, but may be less than the stated rate due to fluctuations in the market value of the mortgage loans securing the financings. If the lenders providing the funds under our loan funding facilities determine that the value of the loans serving as collateral for our borrowings under those facilities has decreased, they can initiate a margin call to require us to provide additional collateral or reduce the amount outstanding with respect to those loans. Our inability or unwillingness to satisfy such a request could result in the termination of the related facilities and a potential default under our other loan funding facilities. In addition, a large unanticipated margin call could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 The amount owed and outstanding under our loan funding facilities fluctuates significantly based on our origination volume, the amount of time it takes us to sell the loans we originate and the amount of loans we self-fund with cash. We may from time to time post surplus cash as additional collateral to buy down the effective interest rates of certain loan funding facilities or to self-fund a portion of our loan originations. As of September 30, 2024, we had posted 7.9 million in cash as additional collateral. We have the ability to draw 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 back this additional collateral at any time unless a margin call has been made or a default has occurred under the relevant facilities. 
 Our loan funding facilities and notes payable generally require us to comply with certain operating and financial covenants and the availability of funds under these facilities are subject to, among other conditions, our continued compliance with these covenants. These financial covenants include, but are not limited to, maintaining a certain (i) minimum tangible net worth, (ii) minimum liquidity and (iii) a maximum ratio of total liabilities or total debt to tangible net worth and (iv) satisfying certain adjusted pre-tax net income requirements. We may need to seek waivers or amendments of covenants depending on future operating performance. A breach of these covenants could result in an event of default under our funding facilities, which would allow the related lenders to pursue certain remedies. In addition, each of these facilities includes cross default or cross acceleration provisions that could result in all of our funding facilities terminating if an event of default or acceleration of maturity occurs under any one of them. We were in compliance with each of these covenants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Our debt obligations are summarized below by facility as of September 30, 2024: 
 Facility in thousands) Outstanding Indebtedness Total Facility Size Maturity Date Warehouse lines of credit 95,961 165,000 January 2025 209,026 250,000 August 2025 354,888 400,000 
 August 2025 133,272 200,000 May 2025 144,864 200,000 September 2025 302,442 350,000 September 2025 248,147 300,000 (1) 
 N/A 140,924 200,000 (2) 
 N/A 22,635 75,000 (3) 
 N/A Total warehouse lines of credit 
 1,652,159 2,140,000 Notes payable 
 114,000 400,000 (4) 
 September 2028 46,000 200,000 (5) 
 August 2027 80,000 150,000 September 2027 Total notes payable 
 240,000 750,000 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) This facility's maturity date is 30 days from written notice from either the financial institution or the Company. 
 (2) This facility agreement has a maturity of 364 days on the first 150.0 million committed amount and 50.0 million is due on demand. 
 (3) Each buyout transaction carries a maximum term of five years from the date of repurchase. 
 (4) Facility provides for committed amount of 250.0 million, which can be increased up to 400.0 million. 
 (5) Facility provides for committed amount of 135.0 million, which can be increased up to 200.0 million. 
 Secondary Market Investors 
 The investors to whom we sell mortgage loans we originate in the secondary market require us to abide by certain operating and financial covenants. These covenants include maintaining (i) a certain minimum net worth, (ii) a certain minimum liquidity, (iii) a certain minimum of total liquid assets, (iv) a certain maximum ratio of adjusted net worth to total assets and (v) fidelity bond and mortgage servicing errors and omissions coverage. A breach of these covenants could result in an event of default and could disallow us to continue selling mortgage loans to one or all of these investors in the secondary market, which in turn could have a significant impact on our liquidity and results of operations. We were in compliance with each of these covenants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows are summarized below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (861,717) (110,671) Net cash used in investing activities (115,601) (105,844) Net cash provided by financing activities 961,708 187,645 Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (15,610) (28,870) 
 Operating activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by changes in the levels of inventory of loans held for sale, as shown below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Loans held for sale (861,894) (86,996) Other operating sources 177 (23,675) Net cash used in operating activities (861,717) (110,671) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 our loan sales were less than our loan originations by 1.3 billion with loan sales at 16.0 billion and loan originations at 17.3 billion. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 our loan sales were less than our originations by 271.1 million with loan sales at 11.4 billion and loan originations at 11.6 billion. When loan sales are higher than loan originations we typically experience a net cash inflow and when loan originations are higher than loan sales we typically experience a net cash outflow. Therefore, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we experienced a greater net cash outflow from our loans held for sale compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Investing activities 
 Our investing activities primarily consist of originations and payment activity on loans held for investment, strategic acquisitions and purchases of property and equipment. Cash used in investing activities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period, primarily due to the origination of 102.3 million in reverse mortgage loans and advances held for investment, offset by payments received of 32.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to originations of 77.3 million offset by payments received of 0.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We also used 17.7 million to fund acquisitions in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.0 million in the prior period. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased 17.8 million of MSRs and in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 we issued a note receivable for 11.3 million in connection with the acquisition of CCM and had 5.0 million in advances under a revolving note. 
 Financing activities 
 Our cash flows from financing activities are primarily influenced by changes in the levels of warehouse lines of credit used to fund loan originations, which were consistent with the changes in loan origination volume. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Warehouse lines of credit 815,824 127,349 Notes payable 
 91,234 22,516 Other financing sources 54,650 37,780 Net cash provided by financing activities 961,708 187,645 
 Borrowings under warehouse lines of credit move directionally with our MLHS. When our loan originations are higher than our loan sales, borrowings on our warehouse lines of credit would typically exceed our repayments on those lines and when our loan sales exceed our loan originations, our repayments on those lines would typically be higher than our borrowings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 our loan originations exceeded our loan sales by 1.3 billion, causing a greater net cash inflow by warehouse lines of 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 credit compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 when our loan originations exceeded loan sales by 271.1 million. 
 The increase in cash provided by other financing activities was primarily driven by net borrowings of 91.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net borrowings of 22.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 on our notes payable. In addition, we borrowed 103.9 million in connection with our reverse mortgage securitizations in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was offset by payments of 30.3 million on our HMBS-related obligations compared to 71.4 million of borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash inflows from borrowings were offset by 30.7 million and 30.5 million of dividend payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 5, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 20.0 million of our outstanding Class A common shares over the next 24 months. On March 7, 2024, our Board of Directors extended the share repurchase program to May 5, 2025. The share repurchase program allows us to repurchase our Class A common shares from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. We are not obligated to purchase any shares under the share repurchase program and the timing of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, stock price, trading volume, market conditions, and other general business considerations. The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated by our Board of Directors at any time. We intend to fund any repurchases under the share repurchase program with cash on hand. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and subsequently retired 55,714 shares of our Class A common stock at an average purchase price of 14.20 per share, excluding commissions. As of September 30, 2024, 10.3 million remains available for repurchase. 
 Interest Rate Lock Commitments 
 We enter into IRLCs with borrowers who have applied for residential forward mortgage loans and who meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. These commitments expose us to market risk if interest rates change during the period of time in which the loan is not economically hedged or committed to be sold to an investor. We are also exposed to credit loss if a loan for which we entered into an IRLC is originated and is not sold to an investor and the related client does not perform. The collateral upon extension of credit typically consists of a first deed of trust in the mortgagor s residential property. Commitments to originate loans do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements as some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon. Total commitments to originate forward mortgage loans, adjusted for pull-through, were approximately 1.7 billion and 710.9 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide information for this item. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are, and from time to time may become, involved in legal and regulatory proceedings or subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We operate within highly regulated industries on a federal, state and local level and are routinely subject to various examinations and legal and regulatory proceedings in the normal and ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party to any legal or regulatory proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 14, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information with respect to Guild s repurchases of shares of its Class A common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 (in thousands) (1) 
 July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 
 20,981 14.32 20,981 10,379 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 
 2,765 14.00 2,765 10,340 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 
 10,340 Total 23,746 14.29 23,746 _____________________________ 
 (1) On May 5, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 20.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock over a period of 24 months from such date. On March 7, 2024, our Board of Directors extended the share repurchase program to May 5, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, 10.3 million remains available for repurchase. The share repurchase program allows us to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. We are not obligated to purchase any shares under the share repurchase program and the timing of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, stock price, trading volume, market conditions, and other general business considerations. The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated by our Board of Directors at any time. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Plans 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Act) informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, except that a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement on . McGarry Strategic Enterprises, LLC is controlled by , one of our . The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) and covers the potential sale of up to shares of Class A common stock through , subject to earlier termination in the event that all securities are sold or certain other events. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Guild Holdings Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2020) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Guild Holdings Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2020) 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 21, 2020, by and among Guild Holdings Company and the holders listed on Schedule I thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2020) 
 10.2 Guild Holdings Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.3 Compensation Deferral Plan for Executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 1, 2020) 
 10.5 Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 1, 2020) 
 10.6 Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan Adoption Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 1, 2020) 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for IPO Grants to Employees under the Guild Holdings Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 1, 2020) 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for IPO Grants to Non-Employee Directors under the Guild Holdings Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249225) filed on October 1, 2020) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Agreement between Guild Mortgage Company LLC and Terry Schmidt, effective as of July 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2023) 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Agreement between Guild Mortgage Company LLC and David Neylan, effective as of July 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2023) 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Agreement between Guild Mortgage Company LLC and Amber Kramer, effective as of January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2022) 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to Employees under the Guild Holdings Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2022) 
 10.13 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to Non-Employee Directors under the Guild Holdings Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Guild Holdings Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2022) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from Guild's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications attached hereto are not considered filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the limitations of that section. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GUILD HOLDINGS COMPANY Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Terry L. Schmidt Name: Terry L. Schmidt Title: Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Desiree A. Kramer Name: Desiree A. Kramer Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ghld-20240930x10qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Terry L. Schmidt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guild Holdings Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Terry L. Schmidt Terry L. Schmidt Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ghld-20240930x10qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Desiree A. Kramer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guild Holdings Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Desiree A. Kramer Desiree A. Kramer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ghld-20240930x10qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guild Holdings Company (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Terry L. Schmidt Terry L. Schmidt Chief Executive Officer Date November 7, 2024 By s Desiree A. Kramer Desiree A. Kramer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ghld-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ghld-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ghld-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ghld-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ghld-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

