<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241223_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1393612_0001393612-24-000074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15954391</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>201029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1948571</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7434795</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2941465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2992761</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393612-24-000074.hdr.sgml : 20241223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241223071659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393612-24-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Discover Financial Services
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				362517428
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33378
		FILM NUMBER:		241569816

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			RIVERWOODS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		224-405-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			RIVERWOODS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393612-24-000074.txt : 20241223

10-Q/A
 1
 dfs-20240331.htm
 10-Q/A

dfs-20240331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Amendment No.1) 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of December 13, 2024, there were shares of the registrant's Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 Discover Financial Services (the Company is filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A (this Form 10-Q/A to amend and restate its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements previously included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on May 1, 2024 (the Original Report ). This Form 10-Q/A also amends certain other Items in the Original Report, as listed in Items Amended in this Form 10-Q/A below. 
 Restatement Background 
 As described in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 25, 2024, on July 19, 2023, the Company disclosed that beginning in 2007, the Company incorrectly classified certain credit card accounts into its highest merchant and merchant acquirer pricing tier (the card product misclassification ). The card product classification impacts the pricing and charging of discount and interchange revenue, and the incorrect classification of certain credit card accounts resulted in overcharges to merchants and merchant acquirers, but it did not impact cardholders. Based on information available as of June 30, 2023, the Company recognized a liability of 365 million for counterparty restitution that was accounted for as the correction of an error. The Company determined that the revenue impact was not material to the consolidated financial statements of the Company for any of the impacted periods. While it was therefore determined that it was not necessary for the Company to restate any previously issued interim or annual financial statements, the cumulative misstatement was deemed material to the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 consolidated financial statements, and therefore, the Company determined that adjustment of the 365 million only through 2023 earnings was not appropriate. Accordingly, the 365 million liability (the Initial Liability was recorded as of June 30, 2023 with offsetting adjustments to merchant discount and interchange revenue and retained earnings, along with consequential impacts to deferred tax accruals. Comparable corrections were made for all prior periods presented in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, and subsequently in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As originally reported, the balance of the counterparty restitution liability as of December 31, 2023 was 375 million. 
 On February 19, 2024, the Company and Capital One Financial Corporation Capital One jointly announced that they entered into an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to which the companies will combine in an all-stock transaction (the Merger ). 
 In the Company s Original Report, the Company disclosed that it had determined to increase its counterparty restitution liability to 1.2 billion (the Liability Increase through a charge to other expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024, to reflect the total amount the Company then expected was probable to be disbursed in relation to the card product misclassification. The Company determined the Liability Increase was appropriate based on its experience through that date with remediation efforts, discussions through the first quarter of 2024 with its regulators, Board of Directors and other stakeholders, the pending Merger, which was approved by the Company s Board of Directors during the quarter, and a desire to advance resolution of the matter more quickly to mitigate risk. 
 As part of the review of the Company s historical financial statements by the Staff of the Division of Corporation Finance and the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC (the Staff undertaken in connection with the Staff s review of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by Capital One in connection with the Merger (and the preliminary joint proxy statement/prospectus contained therein) (the Registration Statement ), the Staff provided comments to the Company relating to the Company s accounting approach for the card product misclassification. The Staff disagreed with the Company's application of revenue recognition guidance under Accounting Standards Codifications ("ASC") Topics 605, Revenue Recognition , and 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , in connection with the Company's measurement of the revenue error and recording of the Initial Liability as of June 30, 2023. 
 Following discussions with the Staff, management concluded that it was appropriate to correct the revenue error related to the card product misclassification using the maximum amount agreed to be paid by the Company in restitution in respect of the card product misclassification (excluding interest, legal fees and other concessions) (the "Alternative Approach"). Upon recognizing the revenue error correction under the Alternative Approach, the Company will have restated cumulative discount and interchange revenue by a total of approximately 992 million as of June 30, 2023, and 1,047 million as of December 31, 2023. The cumulative revenue error resulting from the card product misclassification will be corrected by reclassifying these amounts from revenue (including through adjustments to retained earnings) to a refund liability consistent with ASC 606-10-32-10. 

On November 25, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Audit Committee ), acting on the recommendation of management, and after discussion with Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, concluded that (i) the Company s audited financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and (ii) the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q previously filed with the SEC for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023, and March 31, 2024, should no longer be relied upon and should be restated to reflect the Alternative Approach. Certain of these periods are presented in this Form 10-Q/A to reflect the Alternative Approach as described above. Accordingly, any previously issued or filed reports, press releases, earnings releases and investor presentations or other communications describing the Company s consolidated or condensed consolidated financials statements and other related financial information covering the periods described herein should no longer be relied upon. The Audit Committee also concluded that Deloitte s report on the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, previously included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024, should no longer be relied upon. 
 In connection with the restatement, the Company has identified three material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee concluded that management s report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 and Deloitte s report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, should no longer be relied upon. Management has also concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2024, because of these material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. For a discussion of management s evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures and the material weaknesses identified, see Part I, Item 4 Controls and Procedures of this Form 10-Q/A. 
 Items Amended in this Form 10-Q/A 
 This Form 10-Q/A presents the Original Report, amended and restated in its entirety, with modifications as necessary to reflect the aforementioned restatement. The following items have been amended to reflect the restatement: 
 Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 In addition, in accordance with applicable SEC rules, this Form 10-Q/A includes new certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 from our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer dated as of the filing date of this Form 10-Q/A. 
 Except as described above, this Form 10-Q/A does not amend, update or change any other items or disclosures in the Original Report and does not purport to reflect any information or events subsequent to the filing of the Original Report. As such, this Form 10-Q/A speaks only as of the date the Original Report was filed, and we have not undertaken herein to amend, supplement or update any information contained in the Original Report to give effect to any subsequent events. Among other things, forward-looking statements made in the Original Report have not been revised to reflect events, results or developments that occurred or facts that became known to us after the date of the filing of the Original Report. Accordingly, this Form 10-Q/A should be read in conjunction with our filings made with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Original Report, including any amendments to those filings. 
 The restatement is more fully described in Note 1: Background and Basis of Presentation and Note 18: Restatement of Financial Statements of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included herein. 

DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Part II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 70 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 70 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 70 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 70 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 70 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 71 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, "Discover Financial Services," "Discover," "DFS," "we," "us," "our," and "the Company" refer to Discover Financial Services and its subsidiaries. See Glossary of Acronyms, located after Part I Item 4, for terms and abbreviations used throughout the quarterly report. 
 We own or have rights to use the trademarks, trade names and service marks that we use in conjunction with the operation of our business, including, but not limited to Discover , PULSE , Cashback Bonus , Discover Cashback Checking , Discover it , Freeze it , College Covered and Diners Club International . All other trademarks, trade names and service marks included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A are the property of their respective owners. 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions, except for share amounts) 
 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investment securities (includes available-for-sale securities of and reported at fair value with associated amortized cost of and at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Loan receivables Loan receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loan receivables Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing deposit accounts Non-interest bearing deposit accounts Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (Notes 9, 12 and 13) 
 Stockholders' Equity Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions, except for share amounts) 
 
 The table below presents the carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities of Discover Financial Services' consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs"), which are included in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition above. The assets in the table below include those assets that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIEs. The liabilities in the table below include third-party liabilities of consolidated VIEs only and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. The liabilities also exclude amounts for which creditors have recourse to the general credit of Discover Financial Services. 
 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Restricted cash Loan receivables Allowance for credit losses allocated to securitized loan receivables ) ) Other assets Liabilities Short- and long-term borrowings Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions, except for share amounts) 
 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Interest income Credit card loans Other loans Investment securities Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Other income Discount and interchange revenue, net Protection products revenue Loan fee income Transaction processing revenue Gains (losses) on equity investments ) Other income Total other income Other expense Employee compensation and benefits Marketing and business development Information processing and communications Professional fees Premises and equipment Other expense Total other expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions) 
 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investment securities, net of tax ) Unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions, shares in thousands) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 (As Restated) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of ASU No. 2022-02 adoption Net income (As Restated) 
 Other comprehensive income Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Common stock issued under employee benefit plans Common stock issued and stock-based compensation expense Dividends common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends Series C preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends Series D preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 (As Restated) 
 ) ) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of ASU No. 2023-02 adoption ) ) Net income (As Restated) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Common stock issued under employee benefit plans Common stock issued and stock-based compensation expense Dividends common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends Series C preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends Series D preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 (As Restated) 
 ) ) 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (dollars in millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred revenues ) ) Net losses on investments and other assets Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows provided by (used for) investing activities Maturities of available-for-sale investment securities Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) Maturities of held-to-maturity investment securities Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities ) ) Net change in principal on loans originated for investment ) Proceeds from the sale of other investments Purchases of other investments ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) Cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities Net change in short-term borrowings ) Net change in deposits Maturities and repayment of securitized debt ) ) Maturities and repayments of other long-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Dividends paid on common and preferred stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end of the period 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 segments, Digital Banking and Payment Services, based on the products and services provided. See Note 16: Segment Disclosures for a detailed description of each segment's operations and the allocation conventions used in business segment reporting. 
 In November 2023, the Company announced its Board of Directors had authorized management to explore the sale of its private student loan portfolio. The Company stopped accepting new applications for private student loans February 1, 2024. See "Business Operating Model Digital Banking Private Student Loans" in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Pending Merger with Capital One Financial Corporation 
 On February 19, 2024, Discover and Capital One Financial Corporation ("Capital One") jointly announced that they entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "Merger Agreement"), under which the companies will combine in an all-stock merger, which valued Discover at billion based on the price of Capital One common stock on the last trading day before the public announcement of the merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, holders of Discover common stock will receive shares of Capital One common stock for each share of Discover common stock they own. Capital One shareholders will own approximately of the combined company and Discover shareholders will own approximately of the combined company. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and closing conditions. The Board of Directors of the combined company will have directors, consisting of Capital One Board members and Discover Board members to be named at a later date. For more information, see Discover s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 22, 2024. 
 Completion of the proposed merger remains subject to approval by the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and other customary closing conditions, including the approval of both companies shareholders. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's 2023 audited consolidated financial statements filed with the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million charge to the opening balance of retained earnings to reflect the cumulative effect of adopting the proportional amortization method on a modified-retrospective basis for the Company's existing tax credit investments. The 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million to the book value of the investments and a million decrease to the related deferred tax asset position. Recognition of proportional amortization as a component of income tax expense rather than pre-tax income will result in an increase in the Company's effective tax rate. 
 
 2. 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (3) 
 Total investment securities 
 (1) million and million of U.S. Treasury securities pledged as swap collateral as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Primarily c 
 
 ) Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency ) Total available-for-sale investment securities ) Held-to-Maturity Investment Securities (2) 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (3) 
 ) Total held-to-maturity investment securities ) At December 31, 2023 Available-for-Sale Investment Securities (1) 
 U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSE securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency ) Total available-for-sale investment securities ) Held-to-Maturity Investment Securities (2) 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (3) 
 ) Total held-to-maturity investment securities ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The Company primarily invests in U.S. Treasury obligations and securities issued by a U.S. government agency ("Agency") or government-sponsored enterprise ("U.S. GSE"), which have long histories with no credit losses and are explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. federal government. Therefore, management has concluded that there is no expectation of non-payment on its investment securities and does not record an allowance for credit losses on these investments. In addition, the Company does not have the intent to sell any available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position and does not believe it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell any such security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency ) At December 31, 2023 Available-for-Sale Investment Securities U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSE securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency ) 
 There were proceeds from sales or recognized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. See Note 8: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income for unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (1) 
 Total available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-Maturity Investment Securities Amortized Cost Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (1) 
 Total held-to-maturity investment securities Available-for-Sale Investment Securities Fair Values U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSE securities Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (1) 
 Total available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-Maturity Investment Securities Fair Values Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency (1) 
 Total held-to-maturity investment securities 
 (1) 
 Other Investments 
 As a part of the Company s community reinvestment initiatives, the Company has made equity investments in certain limited partnerships and limited liability companies that finance the construction and rehabilitation of affordable rental housing and stimulate economic development in low- to moderate-income communities. These investments are recorded within other assets on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company has elected to account for its qualifying investments in Low Income Housing Tax Credit and New Markets Tax Credit programs under the proportional amortization method beginning January 1, 2024 on a modified retrospective basis. As of March 31, 2024, all of the Company's tax credit investments qualified for this election. Prior to 2024, these investments were accounted for using the equity method. Under the proportional amortization method, the cost of the investment is amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received, the net effect of which is recognized as a component of income tax expense on the condensed consolidated statements of income and within cash flows provided by operating activities on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company earns a return primarily through tax credits allocated to the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and related liabilities for delayed equity contributions of million and million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognized million of amortization and million of income tax credits and other income tax benefits. Non-income tax benefits comprised only immaterial cash distributions from these investments during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 The Company holds non-controlling equity positions in several payment services entities and third-party venture capital funds which invest in such entities. Most of the direct investments in such entities are not subject to equity method accounting because the Company does not have significant influence over the investee. The Company's investments in third-party venture capital funds represent limited partnership interests and are accounted for under the equity method. The common or preferred equity securities that the Company holds typically do not have readily determinable fair values. As a result, these investments are carried at cost minus impairment, if any. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of these investments, which are recorded within other assets on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, was million. 
 
 3. 
 loan portfolio segments: credit card loans and other loans. 
 portfolio segments are depicted in the following table (dollars in millions): March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Credit card loans (1)(2) 
 Other loans (3) 
 Private student loans (4) 
 Personal loans Other loans Total other loans Total loan receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loan receivables 
 (1) billion and billion underlying investors' interest in trust debt at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and billion and billion in seller's interest at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 4: Credit Card and Private Student Loan Securitization Activities for additional information. 
 (2) million and million at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) million, million and million, respectively, at March 31, 2024 and million, million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 (4) At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the private student loan portfolio continued to be classified as held for investment and there were billion of private student loans in repayment 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 As part of credit risk management activities, on an ongoing basis, the Company reviews information related to the performance of a customer's account with the Company and information from credit bureaus, such as FICO or other credit scores, relating to the customer's broader credit performance. The Company actively monitors key credit quality indicators, including FICO scores and delinquency status, for credit card, private student and personal loans. These indicators are important to understand the overall credit performance of the Company's customers and their ability to repay. 
 FICO scores are generally obtained at the origination of the account and are refreshed monthly or quarterly thereafter to assist in predicting customer behavior. Historically, the Company has noted that accounts with FICO scores below 660 have larger delinquencies and credit losses than those with higher credit scores. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Private student loans by origination year (1)(2) 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total private student loans Personal loans by origination year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total personal loans 
 (1) FICO score represents the higher credit score of the cosigner or borrower 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 days past due. 
 Private student loans by origination year (1) 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total private student loans Personal loans by origination year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total personal loans 
 (1) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Additions Provision for credit losses (1) 
 Deductions Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Credit Card Loans Private Student Loans Personal Loans Other Loans Total Loans Balance at December 31, 2022 Cumulative effect of ASU No. 2022-02 adoption (2) 
 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2023 Additions Provision for credit losses (1) 
 Deductions Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 (1) Excludes a million and million adjustment of the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 (2) Represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of ASU No. 2022-02 on January 1, 2023, which eliminated the requirement to apply discounted cash flow measurements for certain troubled debt restructurings. 
 The allowance for credit losses was approximately billion at March 31, 2024, which reflects a million release from December 31, 2023. The release in the allowance for credit losses for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was driven by lower receivables and a modestly more favorable economic outlook, offset in part by higher expected delinquencies and losses. 
 The allowance estimation process begins with a loss forecast that uses certain macroeconomic variables and multiple macroeconomic scenarios among its inputs. In estimating the allowance at March 31, 2024, the Company used a macroeconomic forecast that projected the following weighted average amounts: (i) unemployment rate ending 2024 at and, within the Company's reasonable and supportable period, peaking at in the third quarter of 2025 and (ii) growth rate in real gross domestic product in 2024. 
 In estimating expected credit losses, the Company considered the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior and payment trends, as well as recent and expected macroeconomic conditions, including those relating to consumer price inflation and the fiscal and monetary policy responses to that inflation. The Federal Reserve raised its federal funds rate target range substantially during 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023 in an effort to slow economic growth and reduce inflation. Real GDP growth and labor market conditions have exceeded most economists expectations, despite an inflation level that has moderated but remains above the target rate. Federal Reserve officials have suggested that the policy rate is likely at its peak for the current tightening cycle, however, the timing and magnitude of rate decreases will be dependent on trends in economic data, particularly inflation. Restrictive monetary policy typically precedes weaker consumer credit conditions caused by rising unemployment as economic growth slows. While credit performance in the Company's lending portfolios has evolved in line with its expectations, the Company assessed the prospects for various macroeconomic outcomes in setting its allowance for credit losses. 
 The forecast period the Company deemed to be reasonable and supportable was months for all periods presented. The months reasonable and supportable forecast period was deemed appropriate given the current economic conditions. For all periods presented, the Company determined that a reversion period of months was appropriate for the same reason. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Fees accrued subsequently charged-off, net of recoveries (recorded as a reduction to other income) 
 
 Private student loans by origination year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total private student loans Personal loans by origination year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total personal loans 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Other loans Private student loans Personal loans Other loans Total other loans Total loan receivables At December 31, 2023 Credit card loans Other loans Private student loans Personal loans Other loans Total other loans Total loan receivables 
 (1) The payment status of both modified and unmodified loans is included in this table. 
 (2) million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company does not separately track the amount of gross interest income that would have been recorded under the original terms of loans. Instead, the Company estimated this amount based on customers' current balances and most recent interest rates. 
 Loan Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 The Company has internal loan modification programs that provide relief to credit card, private student and personal loan borrowers who are experiencing financial hardship. The internal loan modification programs include both temporary and permanent programs, which vary by product. External loan modification programs, through third party consumer credit counseling agencies, are also available for credit card and personal loans. Those programs feature interest rate reductions, payment delays, term extensions, or a combination thereof. 
 For credit card customers, the Company offers both temporary and permanent hardship programs. The temporary hardship programs consist of an interest rate reduction lasting for a period no longer than months. Charging privileges on these accounts are generally suspended while in the program. However, if the customer meets certain criteria, charging privileges may be reinstated following completion of the program. 
 The permanent modification program involves closing the account, changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. The permanent modification program does not typically provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. The Company also makes permanent loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. These loans typically receive a reduced interest rate, typically continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. 
 To assist private student loan borrowers who are experiencing temporary financial difficulties but are willing to resume making payments, the Company has offered a payment delay (in the form of hardship forbearance or temporary payment reduction), or a payment delay (in the form of a temporary payment reduction) combined with a temporary interest rate reduction. These programs are offered up to six consecutive months at one time. Hardship forbearance is limited to a lifetime usage cap of 12 months. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, the lifetime usage cap of certain other programs was increased from 12 to 36 months. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 months and, in certain circumstances, the interest rate on the loan is reduced. The permanent programs involve extending the loan term and, in certain circumstances, reducing the interest rate on the loan. The total term of the loan, including modification, may not exceed . The Company also allows permanent loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, similar to the credit card customers discussed above. Payments are modified based on the new terms agreed upon with the credit counseling agency. 
 In addition to the programs described above, the Company will in certain cases accept partial payment in full satisfaction of the outstanding receivable. This is a form of principal forgiveness also known as a settlement. The difference between the loan balance and the amount received at settlement is recorded as a charge-off. 
 The Company monitors borrower performance after using payment programs or forbearance. The Company believes the programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and allowing them to make timely payments. In addition to helping customers with their credit needs, these programs are designed to maximize collections and ultimately the Company s profitability. The Company plans to continue to use payment programs to provide relief to customers experiencing financial difficulties. 
 Total credit card loans (3) 
 of total class of financing receivables Private student loans (1) 
 Payment delay (4) 
 Interest rate reduction and payment delay (4) 
 Total private student loans (3) 
 of total class of financing receivables Personal loans (1) 
 Payment delay (4) 
 Term extension (5) 
 Interest rate reduction and payment delay (4) 
 Interest rate reduction and term extension (5) 
 Total personal loans (3) 
 of total class of financing receivables 
 (1) Accrued interest receivable (including unbilled accrued interest receivable for credit card loans) on modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, which is presented as part of other assets in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, was immaterial at March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) million and million that were converted from revolving line-of-credit arrangements to term loans during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) For settlements, the amortized cost basis is zero at period-end and therefore there is no amount reported for principal forgiveness in the table above. See financial effects table below for principal forgiveness to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 (4) The Company defines a payment delay as a temporary reduction in payments below the original contractually required payment amounts (e.g., interest only payments). The Company's credit card loan modification programs do not result in an other than insignificant delay in payment. 

The only non-cancellable commitments the Company has to lend additional funds to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty relate to certain private student loans. As of March 31, 2024, the amount of such commitments associated with loans modified during the periods presented was immaterial. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Principal forgiven NM Interest and fees forgiven (1) 
 Private student loans Weighted-average interest rate reduction Payment delay duration (in months) (2) 
 to 
 to 
 Personal loans Weighted-average interest rate reduction Weighted-average term extension (in months) Payment delay duration (in months) (2) 
 to 
 to 
 
 (1) Represents the amount of interest and fees forgiven resulting from accounts entering into a credit card loan modification program and pre-charge off settlements. Interest and fees forgiven are reversed against the respective line items in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 (2) For private student loan payment delays, the Company offers up to six consecutive months of delay and limits assistance to a life of loan maximum of 36 months. For personal loan payment delays, the Company limits this assistance to a life of loan maximum of 12 months. 
 
 Loan receivables that have been modified are subject to the same requirements for the accrual of expected credit loss over their expected remaining lives as for unmodified loans. The allowance for credit losses incorporates modeling of historical loss data and thereby captures the higher risk associated with modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty based on their account attributes. 
 
 Private student loans Personal loans Total At December 31, 2023 Credit card loans Private student loans Personal loans Total 
 (1) This table includes any loan that entered a modification program during the preceding 12 months without regard to whether it remained in a modification program as of the reporting date. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Total credit card loans Private student loans Payment delay Interest rate reduction and payment delay Total private student loans Personal loans Payment delay Term extension Interest rate reduction and payment delay Interest rate reduction and term extension Total personal loans 
 (1) For purposes of this disclosure, a loan is considered to be defaulted when it is 60 days or more delinquent at month end and has advanced two stages of delinquency subsequent to modification. Loans that entered a modification program in any stage of delinquency but did not experience a further payment default are included in the payment status table above but are not counted as defaulted for purposes of this disclosure. 
 The defaulted amount and period-end amortized cost basis of loans modified on or after January 1, 2023 to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty which subsequently defaulted was immaterial for the three months ended March 31, 2023, for all classes of loan receivables. 
 
 4. 
 classes of securities (DiscoverSeries Class A, B, C and D notes), with the most senior class generally receiving a triple-A rating. To issue senior, higher-rated classes of notes, it is necessary to obtain the appropriate amount of credit enhancement, generally through the issuance of junior, lower-rated or more highly subordinated classes of notes. Wholly-owned subsidiaries of Discover Bank hold the subordinated classes of notes. The Company is exposed to credit risk associated with trust receivables as of the balance sheet date through the retention of these subordinated interests. The estimate of expected credit losses on trust receivables is included in the allowance for credit losses estimate. 
 The Company's retained interests in the trust's assets, consisting of investments in DCENT notes held by subsidiaries of Discover Bank, constitute intercompany positions that are eliminated in the preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Investors' interests held by third-party investors Investors' interests held by wholly-owned subsidiaries of Discover Bank Seller's interest Loan receivables (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses allocated to securitized loan receivables (1) 
 ) ) Net loan receivables Other assets Carrying value of assets of consolidated variable interest entities 
 (1) 
 The debt securities issued by the consolidated trusts are subject to credit, payment and interest rate risks on the transferred credit card loan receivables. To protect investors in the securities, there are certain features or triggering events that will cause an early amortization of the debt securities, including triggers related to the impact of the performance of the trust receivables on the availability and adequacy of cash flows to meet contractual requirements. As of March 31, 2024, no economic or other early amortization events have occurred. 
 The Company continues to own and service the accounts that generate the loan receivables held by the trusts. Discover Bank receives servicing fees from the trusts based on a percentage of the monthly investor principal balance outstanding. Although the fee income to Discover Bank offsets the fee expense to the trusts and thus is eliminated in consolidation, failure to service the transferred loan receivables in accordance with contractual requirements could lead to a termination of the servicing rights and the loss of future servicing income, net of related expenses. 
 Private Student Loan Securitization Activities 
 The Company's private student loan trust receivables reported in loan receivables and the related debt issued by the trust reported in long-term borrowings were immaterial as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The amounts are included, together with amounts related to the Company's credit card securitizations, in the supplemental information about assets and liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities, which is presented with the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 5. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 6. 
 - 
 Floating-rate asset-backed securities (2) 
 2024 
 Total Discover Card Master Trust I and Discover Card Execution Note Trust Floating-rate asset-backed security (3)(4) 
 2031 
 Total private student loan securitization trust Total long-term borrowings - owed to securitization investors Discover Financial Services (Parent Company) Fixed-rate senior notes 2024-2032 - 
 Fixed-rate retail notes 2025-2031 - 
 Fixed to floating-rate senior notes (5) 
 2034 Discover Bank Fixed-rate senior bank notes (1) 
 2024-2030 - 
 Fixed-rate subordinated bank notes 2028 
 Fixed-rate Federal Home Loan Bank advances 2030 - 
 Floating-rate Federal Home Loan Bank advances (6) 
 2024 - 
 Total long-term borrowings 
 (1) 
 (2) as of March 31, 2024. 
 (3) as of March 31, 2024. 
 (4) 
 . 
 (6) The floating-rate FHLB advances include interest rate terms based on as of March 31, 2024. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 As a member of the FHLB of Chicago, the Company has access to both short- and long-term advance structures with maturities ranging from overnight to 30 years. As of March 31, 2024, the Company had total committed borrowing capacity of billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which the outstanding balance was comprised of billion in long-term advances. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had total committed borrowing capacity of billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which the outstanding balance was comprised of billion in long-term advances. These advances are presented as short- or long-term borrowings on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition based on the contractual maturity at origination. 
 Additionally, the Company has access to committed borrowing capacity through private securitizations to support the funding of its credit card loan receivables. As of March 31, 2024, the total commitment of secured credit facilities through private providers was billion, of which was drawn. As of December 31, 2023, the total commitment of secured credit facilities through private providers was billion, million of which was outstanding as a short-term advance. This advance is presented as short-term borrowings on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Access to the unused portions of the secured credit facilities is subject to the terms of the agreements with each of the providers. The secured credit facilities have various expirations in 2025. Borrowings outstanding under each facility bear interest at a margin above the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or the asset-backed commercial paper costs of each provider. The terms of each agreement provide for a commitment fee to be paid on the unused capacity and include various affirmative and negative covenants, including performance metrics and legal requirements similar to those required to issue any term securitization transaction. 
 
 7. 
 D (2)(5)(6) 
 Fixed-Rate Reset Total Preferred Stock 
 (1) 
 (2) th interest in a share of the corresponding series of preferred stock. Each preferred share has a par value of . 
 (3) , or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series C preferred stock). 
 (4) per annum until . Thereafter, dividends declared will be payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate equal to -month Term SOFR plus a spread of per annum. 
 (5) days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series D Preferred Stock). 
 (6) per annum until September 23, 2025, after which the dividend rate will reset every years to a fixed annual rate equal to the -year Treasury plus a spread of . 

22 

Table of Contents 

 8.) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net change Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) )) ) Net change ) ) Cash Flow Hedges Net unrealized losses arising during the period ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net change ) ) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Available-for-Sale Investment Securities Net unrealized holding gains arising during the period ) Net change ) Cash Flow Hedges Net unrealized gains arising during the period ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net change ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Income tax expense Effective income tax rate 
 The effective tax rate increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, due to the adoption of the proportional amortization method for qualifying tax credit investments effective January 1, 2024, offset by the decrease in pretax income. 
 The Company is subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and tax authorities in various state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions. The Company's federal income tax filings are open to examinations for the tax years ended December 31, 2020 and forward. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of additional assessments or settlements in each of the taxing jurisdictions. At this time, the potential change in unrecognized tax benefits is expected to be immaterial over the next 12 months. The Company believes that its reserves are sufficient to cover any tax, penalties and interest that would result from such examinations. 
 
 10. 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Income allocated to participating securities ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Denominator Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding and common stock equivalents Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 Anti-dilutive securities were not material and had no impact on the computation of diluted EPS for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Discover Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Discover Financial Services 
 
 Discover Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Discover Financial Services 
 N/A N/A Discover Bank 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) Discover Financial Services 
 N/A N/A Discover Bank 
 
 December 31, 2023 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Discover Financial Services 
 
 Discover Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Discover Financial Services 
 
 Discover Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Discover Financial Services 
 N/A N/A Discover Bank 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) Discover Financial Services 
 N/A N/A Discover Bank 

(1) 
 (2) 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 billion. Such arrangements arise primarily from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions in the related agreements. These arrangements, substantially all of which the Company can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness, loan qualification and the cost of capital. As the Company s credit card loans are unconditionally cancellable, liability for expected credit losses is required for unused lines of credit. For all other loans, the Company records a liability for expected credit losses for unfunded commitments, which is presented as part of accrued expenses and other liabilities in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 Contingencies 
 See Note 13: Litigation and Regulatory Matters for a description of potential liability arising from pending litigation or regulatory proceedings involving the Company. 
 Guarantees 
 The Company has obligations under certain guarantee arrangements, including contracts, indemnification agreements and representations and warranties, which contingently require the Company to make payments to the guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. Also included as guarantees are contracts that contingently require the Company to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. The Company's use of guarantees is disclosed below by type of guarantee. 
 Securitizations Representations and Warranties 
 As part of the Company's financing activities, the Company provides representations and warranties that certain assets pledged as collateral in secured borrowing arrangements conform to specified guidelines. Due diligence is performed by the Company, which is intended to ensure that asset guideline qualifications are met. If the assets pledged as collateral do not meet certain conforming guidelines, the Company may be required to replace, repurchase or sell such assets. In its credit card securitization activities, the Company would replace nonconforming receivables through the allocation of excess seller's interest or from additional transfers from the unrestricted pool of receivables. If the Company could not add enough receivables to satisfy the requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered. In its student loan securitizations, the Company would generally repurchase the loans from the trust at the outstanding principal amount plus interest. 
 The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make would be equal to the current outstanding balances of third-party investor interests in credit card asset-backed securities and the principal amount of any private student loan secured borrowings, plus any unpaid interest for the corresponding secured borrowings. The Company has recorded substantially all of the maximum potential amount of future payments in long-term borrowings on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company has not recorded any incremental contingent liability associated with its secured borrowing representations and warranties. Management believes that the probability of having to replace, repurchase or sell assets pledged as collateral under secured borrowing arrangements, including an early amortization event, is low. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million as of March 31, 2024. 
 The Company believes that the estimated amounts of maximum potential future payments are not representative of the Company's actual potential loss exposure given Diners Club's and PULSE's insignificant historical losses from these counterparty exposures. As of March 31, 2024, the Company had t recorded any contingent liability in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition for these counterparty exposures and management believes that the probability of any payments under these arrangements is low. 
 Discover Network Merchant Chargeback Guarantees 
 The Company operates the Discover Network, issues payment cards and permits third parties to issue payment cards. The Company is contingently liable for certain transactions processed on the Discover Network in the event of a dispute between the payment card customer and a merchant. The contingent liability arises if the disputed transaction involves a merchant or merchant acquirer with whom the Discover Network has a direct relationship. If a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, the Discover Network will credit or refund the disputed amount to the Discover Network card issuer, who in turn credits its customer's account. The Discover Network will then charge back the disputed amount of the payment card transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer, where permitted by the applicable agreement, to seek recovery of amounts already paid to the merchant for payment card transactions. If the Discover Network is unable to collect the amount subject to dispute from the merchant or merchant acquirer (e.g., in the event of merchant default or dissolution or after expiration of the time period for chargebacks in the applicable agreement), the Discover Network will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. In most instances, a loss by the Discover Network is unlikely to arise in connection with payments on card transactions because most products or services are delivered when purchased and credits are issued by merchants on returned items in a timely fashion, thus minimizing the likelihood of cardholder disputes with respect to amounts paid by the Discover Network. However, where the product or service is not scheduled to be provided to the customer until a later date following the purchase, the likelihood of a contingent payment obligation by the Discover Network increases. Losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 The Company did t record any contingent liability in the condensed consolidated financial statements for merchant chargeback guarantees as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company mitigates the risk of potential loss exposure by withholding settlement from merchants, obtaining third-party guarantees, or obtaining escrow deposits or letters of credit from certain merchant acquirers or merchants that are considered a higher risk due to various factors such as time delays in the delivery of products or services. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had escrow deposits and settlement withholdings of million and million, respectively, which are recorded in interest-bearing deposit accounts and accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 13. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million as of March 31, 2024. This estimated range of reasonably possible losses is based on currently available information for those proceedings in which the Company is involved and considers the Company's best estimate of such losses for those matters for which an estimate can be made. It does not represent the Company's maximum potential loss exposure. Various aspects of the legal proceedings underlying the estimated range will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the estimate. 
 The Company's estimated range noted above involves significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings, the existence of numerous yet to be resolved issues, the breadth of the claims (often spanning multiple years and, in some cases, a wide range of business activities), unspecified damages and/or the novelty of the legal issues presented. The outcome of pending matters could adversely affect the Company's reputation and be material to the Company's condensed consolidated financial condition, operating results and cash flows for a particular future period, depending on, among other things, the level of the Company's income for such period. 
 In July 2015, the Company announced that its subsidiaries, Discover Bank, The Student Loan Corporation and Discover Products Inc. (the "Discover Subsidiaries"), agreed to a consent order with the CFPB with respect to certain private student loan servicing practices (the "2015 Order"). The 2015 Order expired in July 2020. In December 2020, the Discover Subsidiaries agreed to a consent order (the "2020 Order") with the CFPB resolving the agency s investigation into Discover Bank s compliance with the 2015 Order. In connection with the 2020 Order, Discover is required to implement a redress and compliance plan and must pay at least million in consumer redress to consumers who may have been harmed and has paid a million civil money penalty to the CFPB. 
 On September 25, 2023, following the consent of the Board of Directors of Discover Bank, the FDIC issued a consent order (the "2023 Order") to Discover Bank. The 2023 Order addresses shortcomings in Discover Bank s compliance management system for consumer protection laws and related matters. It does not contain any monetary penalties or fines. As part of the 2023 Order, Discover Bank agreed to improve its consumer compliance management system and enhance related corporate governance and enterprise risk management practices, and increase the level of Board oversight of such matters. Discover Bank has been taking significant steps to strengthen the organization s compliance management system and address the other issues identified in the 2023 Order. In addition, Discover added two new independent directors with significant banking experience to the Boards of Discover and Discover Bank in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Management and the Board are committed to meeting all the requirements of the 2023 Order. Discover Bank is working diligently to complete items required by the 2023 Order. This includes having retained third party consultants to conduct independent reviews and the submission of action plans to the FDIC by the required deadlines for review and feedback. The actions completed to date, taken together with actions previously undertaken to improve and enhance its compliance management system and enhance related corporate governance, address multiple consent order objectives, however, many provisions require longer term implementation. Depending on regulatory feedback, the timing of approvals and sustainability periods, necessary work is not likely to be completed until at least 2025. 
 On March 8, 2016, a class-action lawsuit was filed against the Company, other credit card networks, other issuing banks and EMVCo in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (B R Supermarket, Inc., d/b/a Milam's Market, et al. v. Visa, Inc., et al.) alleging a conspiracy by defendants to shift fraud liability to merchants with the migration to the EMV security standard and chip technology. The plaintiffs assert joint and several liability among the defendants and seek unspecified damages, including treble damages, attorneys' fees, costs and injunctive relief. The Company filed its motion to compel arbitration, motion for summary judgment, and Daubert challenges on November 30, 2022, and awaits rulings. The Company is not in a position at this time to assess the likely outcome or its exposure, if any, with respect to this matter. However, the Company will seek to defend itself vigorously against all claims asserted by the plaintiffs. 
 Card Product Misclassification 
 As of March 31, 2024, the balance of the Company's counterparty restitution liability was 1.2 billion, reflecting additional accruals for interest on the overcharges committed to as part of the counterparty restitution plan approved by the Board of Directors in the third quarter of 2023, additional concessions agreed to as part of the class action settlement negotiations in the first quarter of 2024 and settlement disbursements made during the quarter. Throughout the first quarter of 2024, the Company continued settlement discussions with large direct merchants both directly and indirectly as plaintiffs in putative class actions filed on behalf of all merchants, and the Company continued to discuss these efforts with its regulators. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for refund of overcharges ) Provision for interest on overcharges ) Provision for other settlement concessions Disbursements ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 The Company remains in discussions with its regulators regarding this matter. The Company expects these discussions will likely result in enforcement actions, which may include, among other remedies, monetary penalties, the amount of which cannot be estimated at this time and could be material. 
 In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in various lawsuits, including a putative class action on behalf of shareholders and shareholder derivative actions. The Company also is cooperating with a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into the card product misclassification matter. The Company believes that additional losses are probable as a result of these actions and such losses could be material but it is not able to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or range of such losses as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 14. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency Available-for-sale investment securities Derivative financial instruments - cash flow hedges (1) 
 Liabilities Fair value - OCI Derivative financial instruments - cash flow hedges (1) 
 Fair value - Net income Derivative financial instruments - fair value hedges (1) 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Assets Fair value - OCI U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSE securities Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency Available-for-sale investment securities Derivative financial instruments - cash flow hedges (1) 
 Fair value - Net income Marketable equity securities Derivative financial instruments - fair value hedges (1) 
 . 
 (1) 
 Available-for-Sale Investment Securities 
 Investment securities classified as available-for-sale consist of U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSE securities and RMBS. The fair value estimates of investment securities classified as Level 1, consisting of U.S. Treasury securities, are determined based on quoted market prices for the same securities. The fair value estimates of U.S. GSE securities and RMBS are classified as Level 2 and are valued by maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs, including quoted prices for similar securities, benchmark yield curves and market-corroborated inputs. 
 The Company validates the fair value estimates provided by pricing services primarily by comparing to valuations obtained through other pricing sources. The Company evaluates pricing variances among different pricing sources to ensure that the valuations utilized are reasonable. The Company also corroborates the reasonableness of the fair value estimates with analysis of trends of significant inputs, such as market interest rate curves. The Company further performs due diligence in understanding the procedures and techniques performed by the pricing services to derive fair value estimates. 
 At March 31, 2024, amounts reported in RMBS reflect U.S. government agency and U.S. GSE obligations issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with an aggregate par value of million, a weighted-average coupon of and a weighted-average remaining maturity of . 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 impairments were recognized related to these assets during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Held-to-maturity investment securities Net loan receivables Carrying value approximates fair value (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accrued interest receivables (2) 
 Liabilities Amortized cost Time deposits (3) 
 Long-term borrowings - owed to securitization investors Other long-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Carrying value approximates fair value (1) 
 Accrued interest payables (2) 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Assets Amortized cost Residential mortgage-backed securities - Agency Held-to-maturity investment securities Net loan receivables Carrying value approximates fair value (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accrued interest receivables (2) 
 Liabilities Amortized cost Time deposits (3) 
 Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings - owed to securitization investors Other long-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Carrying value approximates fair value (1) 
 Accrued interest payables (2) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 . 
 The change in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in OCI and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted cash flows affect earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives at March 31, 2024, will be reclassified to interest income and interest expense as interest receipts and payments are accrued on the Company's then outstanding credit card receivables and certain floating-rate debt, respectively. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates it will reclassify million into pretax earnings related to its cash flow hedges. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of its fixed-rate debt obligations due to changes in interest rates. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of certain fixed-rate long-term borrowings, including securitized debt and bank notes, and deposits attributable to changes in the respective benchmark rates. These interest rate swaps qualify as fair value hedges in accordance with ASC 815. Changes in the fair values of both (i) the derivatives and (ii) the hedged long-term borrowings and deposits attributable to the interest-rate risk being hedged are recorded in interest expense and generally provide substantial offset to one another. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swaps fair value hedge Derivatives not designated as hedges Foreign exchange forward contracts (1) 
 Total gross derivative assets/liabilities (2) 
 Less: collateral held/posted (3) 
 ) Total net derivative assets/liabilities 
 (1) million, GBP million, SGD million and INR billion as of March 31, 2024, and notional amounts of EUR million, GBP million, SGD million, INR billion and AUD million as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) outstanding contract with a total notional amount of million and an immaterial fair value. At December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding contract with a total notional amount of million and an immaterial fair value. 
 (3) 
 ) 
 (1) million and million of cumulative hedging adjustments related to discontinued hedging relationships as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents ) The effects of cash flow and fair value hedging Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships Amounts reclassified from OCI into earnings ) Gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships Gains on hedged items Losses on interest rate swaps ) ) Total losses on fair value hedging relationships ) ) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the condensed consolidated statements of income, where the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) The effects of cash flow and fair value hedging Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships Amounts reclassified from OCI into earnings ) Gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships Losses on hedged items ) Gains on interest rate swaps Total losses on fair value hedging relationships ) 
 For the impact of the derivative instruments on OCI, see Note 8: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. 
 Collateral Requirements and Credit-Risk Related Contingency Features 
 The Company has master netting arrangements and minimum collateral posting thresholds with its counterparties for its fair value and cash flow hedge interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts. The Company has not sought a legal opinion in relation to the enforceability of its master netting arrangements and, as such, does not report any of these positions on a net basis. Collateral is required by either the Company or its subsidiaries or the counterparty depending on the net fair value position of the derivatives held with that counterparty. These collateral receivable or payable amounts are generally not offset against the fair value of these derivatives but are recorded separately in other assets or deposits. Most of the Company's cash collateral amounts relate to positions cleared through an exchange and are reflected as offsets to the associated derivatives balances recorded in other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 The Company also has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision under which the Company could be declared in default on any of its derivative obligations if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where the lender has not accelerated repayment of the indebtedness. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 segments: Digital Banking and Payment Services. 
 Digital Banking: The Digital Banking segment includes Discover-branded credit cards issued to individuals on the Discover Network and other consumer products and services, including private student loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. The majority of Digital Banking revenues relate to interest income earned on the segment's loan products. Additionally, the Company's credit card products generate substantially all revenues related to discount and interchange, protection products and loan fee income. 
 Payment Services: The Payment Services segment includes PULSE, an ATM, debit and electronic funds transfer network; Diners Club, a global payments network; and the Company's Network Partners business, which provides payment transaction processing and settlement services on the Discover Network. The majority of Payment Services revenues relate to transaction processing revenue from PULSE and royalty and licensee revenue from Diners Club. 
 The business segment reporting provided to and used by the Company's CODM is prepared using the following principles and allocation conventions: 
 The Company aggregates operating segments when determining reportable segments. 
 Corporate overhead is not allocated between segments; all corporate overhead is included in the Digital Banking segment. 
 Through its operation of the Discover Network, the Digital Banking segment incurs fixed marketing, servicing and infrastructure costs that are not specifically allocated among the segments, except for an allocation of direct and incremental costs driven by the Company's Payment Services segment. 
 The Company's assets are not allocated among the operating segments in the information reviewed by the Company's CODM. 
 The revenues of each segment are derived from external sources. The segments do not earn revenue from intercompany sources. 
 Income taxes are not specifically allocated between the operating segments in the information reviewed by the Company's CODM. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Private student loans Personal loans Other loans Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Other income Other expense Income before income taxes For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Interest income Credit card loans Private student loans Personal loans Other loans Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Other income Other expense Income before income taxes 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 Protection products revenue Transaction processing revenue Other income Total other income subject to ASC 606 (2) 
 Other income not subject to ASC 606 Loan fee income Total other income not subject to ASC 606 Total other income by operating segment For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Other income subject to ASC 606 Discount and interchange revenue, net (1) 
 Protection products revenue Transaction processing revenue Other income Total other income subject to ASC 606 (2) 
 Other income not subject to ASC 606 Loan fee income Gains (losses) on equity investments ) ) Total other income (loss) not subject to ASC 606 ) Total other income by operating segment 
 (1) million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) million and million of deposit product fees that are reported within net interest income for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For a detailed description of the Company's significant revenue recognition accounting policies, see Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 18. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' Equity Retained earnings ) Total stockholders' equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The restatement impacts to the Company's condensed consolidated statement of income were as shown below (dollars in millions, except for share amounts): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 As Previously Reported Restatement Impacts As Restated Other income Discount and interchange revenue, net ) Total other income ) Other expense Other expense ) Total other expense ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Comprehensive income 
 The restatement impacts to the Company's condensed consolidated statement of changes in stockholders' equity were as shown below (dollars in millions): Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity As Previously Reported For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 Restatement Impacts For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) As Restated For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 
 The restatement impacts to the Company's condensed consolidated statement of cash flows were as shown below (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 As Previously Reported Restatement Impacts As Restated Cash flows provided by operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in accrued expenses and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 19. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which speak to our expected business and financial performance, among other matters, contain words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "aim," "will," "may," "should," "could," "would," "likely," "forecast," and similar expressions. Such statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this quarterly report and there is no undertaking to update or revise them as more information becomes available. 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements: changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt and investor sentiment; the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity; risks related to the proposed merger with Capital One including, among others, (i) failure to complete the merger with Capital One or unexpected delays related to the merger or the inability of the parties to obtain regulatory approvals or satisfy other closing conditions required to complete the merger, (ii) regulatory approvals resulting in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction, (iii) diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities, (iv) cost and revenue synergies from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized, (v) the integration of each party s management, personnel and operations will not be successfully achieved or may be materially delayed or will be more costly or difficult than expected, (vi) deposit attrition, customer or employee loss and/or revenue loss as a result of the announcement of the proposed merger, (vii) expenses related to the proposed merger being greater than expected, and (viii) shareholder litigation that could prevent or delay the closing of the proposed merger or otherwise negatively impact our business and operations; the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors; our ability to manage our expenses; our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants; our ability to sustain our card and personal loan growth; our ability to complete the proposed sale of the Discover Student Loan portfolio; our ability to increase or sustain Discover card usage or attract new customers; difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for, financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies; our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk; the availability and cost of funding and capital; access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets; the impact of rating agency actions; the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices; losses in our investment portfolio; limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock; limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries; fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems; our ability to remain organizationally effective; our ability to maintain relationships with merchants; the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events, climate change, pandemics and unforeseen or catastrophic events; our ability to introduce new products and services; our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors, as well as those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers; our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology; our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers; our ability to attract and retain employees; our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property; our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; our ability to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that led to the restatement of our financial statements, and the risk that we may experience additional material weaknesses; and new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters. We routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of, investments in or divestitures from businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities. 
 Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described below can be found in this section of this quarterly report and in "Risk Factors," "Business," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and available at the SEC's internet site (https://www.sec.gov). 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Introduction and Overview 
 Discover Financial Services ("DFS") is a digital banking and payment services company. We provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. We offer our customers credit card loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. We also operate the Discover Network, the PULSE network ("PULSE") and Diners Club International ("Diners Club"), collectively known as the Discover Global Network. The Discover Network processes transactions for Discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. PULSE operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the PULSE network with access to automated teller machines domestically and internationally and merchant acceptance throughout the United States of America ("U.S.") for debit card transactions. Diners Club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue Diners Club branded credit and charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services. 
 Our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. The primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), credit loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt. 
 
 Quarter Highlights 
 The highlights below compare results as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024, against results for the same period in the prior year. 
 As restated, net income was 851 million, or 3.25 per diluted share, compared to net income of 1.0 billion, or 3.50 per diluted share, in the prior year. 
 Total loans grew 13.9 billion, or 12 , to 126.6 billion. 
 Credit card loans grew 9.7 billion, or 11 , to 99.5 billion. 
 The net charge-off rate for credit card loans increased 256 basis points to 5.66 and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 107 basis points to 3.83 . 
 Direct-to-consumer deposits grew 12.0 billion, or 16 , to 87.3 billion. 
 Payment Services transaction volume for the segment was 100.3 billion, up 18 . 
 
 Outlook 
 The outlook below provides our current expectations for our financial results based on market conditions, the regulatory and legal environment and our business strategies. The outlook below does not incorporate the impacts of a potential sale of our student loan portfolio. 
 We expect a slight increase in total loans. 
 Based on the current interest rate environment, net interest margin is expected to decline modestly in comparison to 2023. 
 We expect the total net charge-off rate to increase, in comparison to the prior year, driven primarily by the seasoning of recent vintages with higher delinquencies. 
 Excluding card misclassification and merger related costs, total expenses are expected to increase, driven by continued investments in compliance and risk management capabilities and wage growth. We remain committed to managing expenses while continuing to make investments in profitable long-term growth. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Environment and Developments 
 Banking 
 Capital Standards and Stress Testing 
 As a bank holding company, DFS is subject to mandatory supervisory stress tests every other year and is required to submit annual capital plans to the Federal Reserve based on forward-looking internal analysis of income and capital levels under baseline and stressful conditions. DFS is also subject to capital buffer requirements, including the Stress Capital Buffer ("SCB"), which requires maintaining regulatory capital levels above a threshold based on the results of supervisory stress tests after accounting for planned dividend payments. 
 In January 2021, the Federal Reserve finalized regulatory amendments that made targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting and SCB requirements for firms subject to Category IV standards, including DFS, to be consistent with the Federal Reserve s regulatory tailoring framework. The final rules generally align to instructions the Federal Reserve previously provided to Category IV firms regarding their respective capital plan submissions. The amended rules also provide Category IV firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish for the Federal Reserve to reset the stress test portion of their SCB requirement. The Federal Reserve also revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align with the tailoring framework. However, the timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance or new guidance are uncertain. Moreover, following the failure of three domestic banks during March and April 2023, members of Congress, the President of the United States and various bank regulatory authorities have made public statements indicating a desire for additional prudential regulation for Category IV firms like DFS. 
 In July 2023, the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") issued a proposal to amend the risk-based capital framework (the "Basel III rules"), which includes replacing the current "advanced approach" with a new expanded risk-based approach. In addition, the proposal introduces new standardized approaches for credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment risk, and would significantly revise risk-based capital requirements for all banking institutions with assets of 100 billion or more, including DFS. If adopted, the new requirements would be effective July 1, 2025 with a three-year transition period. 
 
 In August 2023, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC (the "Agencies") issued a proposal that would require banking institutions in Categories II through IV of the tailoring framework, including DFS, and their insured depository institution subsidiaries with 100 billion or more in assets such as Discover Bank, to have minimum levels of outstanding long-term debt. Under the proposed rule, a covered banking institution would be required to have a minimum outstanding amount of eligible long-term debt that is at least 6 of the institution s total risk-weighted assets, 2.5 of its total leverage exposure (if it is required to maintain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio) and 3.5 of its average total consolidated assets, whichever is greater. If adopted, banking institutions would have three years to comply with the new requirements, though the Agencies would retain the authority to accelerate or extend the transition period. 
 While we cannot currently predict the timing or substance of the finalization of these proposals or other regulatory changes, if any such change were adopted, it would likely revise the regulatory tailoring currently applicable to DFS, otherwise tighten the prudential regulatory requirements that would apply to DFS and increase our expenses. 
 In June 2022, the Federal Reserve released results of the 2022 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ("CCAR") exercise. Our capital levels demonstrated resiliency under stress, staying well above regulatory minimums. Based on these results, in August 2022, our new SCB was set at 2.5 , the lowest possible requirement. This new SCB was effective October 1, 2022, through September 30, 2023. In accordance with the capital plan rule amendments, we elected not to participate in the 2023 supervisory stress tests. Nevertheless, on April 5, 2023, we submitted to the Federal Reserve a capital plan based on a forward-looking internal assessment of income and capital under baseline and stressful conditions. On July 27, 2023, the Federal Reserve disclosed that our SCB was unchanged at 2.5 , effective beginning October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. On April 5, 2024, we submitted our 2024 capital plan to the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve is expected to announce the results of the 2024 supervisory stress test by June 30, 2024 and our SCB by August 31, 2024. The new SCB would be effective from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. Under the Basel III rules, a firm must update and resubmit its capital plan under certain circumstances, including a material change in the firm's risk profile, financial condition or corporate structure since its last capital plan submission. On February 19, 2024, Discover and Capital One Financial Corporation ("Capital One") jointly announced that they entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "Merger Agreement"), under which the companies will combine in an all-stock merger, which we determined required us to resubmit 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 our capital plan. We will submit our updated capital plan by May 6, 2024. Under the capital plan rule and as a consequence of the resubmission requirement, we must receive prior approval for any dividend or other capital distribution, other than a capital distribution on a newly issued capital instrument. The capital plan rule provides that, unless the Federal Reserve determines to extend the timeline, the Federal Reserve must provide us notice of whether our SCB will be recalculated within 75 days of the submission of our updated capital plan and, if applicable, must provide our updated SCB within 90 days of notifying us that the SCB will be recalculated. 
 Consumer Financial Services 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") regulates consumer financial products and services and examines certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including Discover. The CFPB's authority includes rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers with respect to federal consumer protection laws; preventing "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" ("UDAAP") and ensuring that consumers have access to fair and transparent financial products and services. Historically, the CFPB's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g., credit cards and other consumer lending products). In addition, the CFPB is required by statute to undertake certain actions including its biennial review of the consumer credit card market. 
 The CFPB s priorities have continued to focus on, among other things, increased enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, with a particular focus on fees charged to consumers, UDAAP, fair lending, student lending and servicing, debt collection and credit reporting. Additionally, detection of repeat offenders, such as companies that violate a formal court or agency order, has also become a priority for the CFPB. Director Chopra, in March 2022, identified, as repeat offenders, several companies that have had multiple enforcement actions, including Discover. The CFPB has recently taken action against financial institutions for violating prior enforcement actions. In December 2020, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a consent order with the CFPB regarding identified private student loan servicing practices. See Note 13: Litigation and Regulatory Matters to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 On March 5, 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule that reduces Regulation Z s safe harbor amount for late fees to 8 and eliminates automatic annual inflation adjustments to that safe harbor amount. While the final rule is effective May 14, 2024, and could result in increased cardholder delinquencies and credit losses, we continue to monitor legal developments that could impact the timing and outcome of the final rule. 
 Enhanced regulatory requirements, potential supervisory findings, or enforcement actions and ratings could negatively impact our ability to implement certain consumer-focused enhancements to product features and functionality and business strategies, limit or change our business practices, limit our consumer product offerings, cause us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts or limit our ability to obtain related required regulatory approvals. The additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the cost of and access to credit for consumers and results of business operations. 
 Data Security and Privacy 
 Policymakers at the federal and state levels remain focused on enhancing data security and data breach incident response requirements. Furthermore, regulations and legislation at various levels of government continue to be proposed and enacted to augment consumer data privacy standards and require companies to assess and/or disclose cybersecurity metrics, risks, opportunities, policies and practices. At the federal level, Discover is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") and its implementing regulations and guidance, which regulate Discover's use and disclosure of our consumers' nonpublic personal information ("NPI"). In July 2023, the SEC adopted rules on Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance and Incident Disclosure. For more information on Discover's cybersecurity program in connection with these rules, see "Item 1C. Cybersecurity" in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. In April 2024, the Department of Homeland Security proposed regulations to implement the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022 and will promulgate new cyber incident and ransom payment reporting requirements for covered entities such as financial services companies. 
 At the state level, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), which became effective in 2020, created a broad set of privacy rights and remedies. The California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023, amends the CCPA, enhancing consumer privacy protections and creating a new California Privacy Protection Agency ("CPPA"). The CPPA has proposed additional regulations around cybersecurity, risk assessments and automated decision-making technology that may impact Discover as the proposed regulations move forward in the formal rulemaking process. Other states continue to pass privacy legislation. So far, these laws exempt either NPI or financial institutions subject to the GLBA or state banking 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 laws from their scope, so the impact of these state privacy laws on several Discover businesses is limited. We continue to evaluate the impact of the CCPA, as well as other federal and state laws, on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services, including laws regulating the capture and use of consumer biometrics. For more information on the impact to Discover of data security and privacy laws on regulation, see "Business Supervision and Regulation" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" to our consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Matters 
 Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") issues, including climate change, human capital and governance practices, are a significant area of focus by U.S. federal, state and international lawmakers and regulatory agencies, as well as shareholders and other stakeholders. In recent months, there have been substantial legislative and regulatory developments on such issues, including proposed, issued or implemented legislation and rulemakings concerning how companies assess and/or disclose climate and other ESG information, risks, opportunities, policies and practices. For example, in March 2024, the SEC issued a final rule on climate-related disclosures and in October 2023, three climate-related disclosure bills were signed in California. The potential impacts to us of these legislative and regulatory requirements are still being evaluated at this time (including as a result of ongoing litigation challenging such requirements), although we expect that these and other emerging and evolving legal and regulatory requirements on ESG issues will result in additional compliance and reporting costs to us. 
 We continue to evaluate and assess the potential impact of these legal and regulatory developments. 
 
 Segments 
 We manage our business activities in two segments, Digital Banking and Payment Services, based on the products and services provided. For a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see Note 16: Segment Disclosures to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The following table presents segment data (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 
 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Digital Banking Interest income Credit card loans 3,938 3,321 Private student loans 264 252 Personal loans 333 248 Other loans 115 64 Other interest income 298 192 Total interest income 4,948 4,077 Interest expense 1,461 945 Net interest income 3,487 3,132 Provision for credit losses 1,497 1,102 Other income 541 506 Other expense 1,494 1,342 Income before income taxes 1,037 1,194 Payment Services Other income 132 88 Other expense 50 41 Income before income taxes 82 47 Total income before income taxes 1,119 1,241 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents information on transaction volume (in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 Network Transaction Volume PULSE Network 79,073 65,268 Network Partners 11,070 10,628 Diners Club (1) 
 10,181 9,211 Total Payment Services 100,324 85,107 Discover Network Proprietary (2) 
 51,764 51,826 Total Network Transaction Volume 152,088 136,933 Transactions Processed on Networks Discover Network 883 850 PULSE Network 2,312 1,625 Total Transaction Processed on Networks 3,195 2,475 Credit Card Volume Discover Card Volume (3) 
 53,239 54,129 Discover Card Sales Volume (4) 
 50,137 50,588 
 (1) Diners Club volume is derived from data provided by licensees for Diners Club branded cards issued outside North America and is subject to subsequent revision or amendment. 
 (2) Represents gross Discover card sales volume on the Discover Network. 
 (3) Represents Discover card activity related to sales net of returns, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity. 
 (4) Represents Discover card activity related to sales net of returns. 
 Digital Banking 
 As restated, our Digital Banking segment reported pretax income of 1.0 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 1.2 billion for the same period in 2023. 
 Net interest income increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by a higher average level of loan receivables and a higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. Interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher average level of loan receivables and higher market rates. Interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a larger funding base and higher funding costs driven by lower coupon maturities and higher market rates. 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the provision for credit losses increased as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in delinquencies. For a detailed discussion on provision for credit losses, see " Loan Quality Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses." 
 Total other income increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in loan fee income, which was driven by a higher volume of late payments. 
 Total other expense increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in professional fees and employee compensation and benefits. Professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting compliance and risk management initiatives. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher average salaries. 
 Discover card sales volume was 50.1 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024, which was a decrease of 0.9 as compared to the same period in 2023. This volume decrease was primarily driven by lower new account growth. 
 Payment Services 
 Pretax income for the Payment Services segment increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in transaction processing revenue from higher debit transaction volume. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. For estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. For estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. Management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. However, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. Management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses was 9.3 billion at March 31, 2024, which reflects a 25 million release from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost. Changes in the allowance for credit losses, and in the related provision for credit losses, can materially affect net income. 
 In estimating the expected credit losses, we use a combination of statistical models and qualitative analysis. There is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to estimate the allowance for credit losses. For more information on these judgments and our accounting policies and methodologies used to determine the allowance for credit losses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Loan Quality," Note 4: Loan Receivables and Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 One of the key assumptions requiring significant judgment in estimating the current expected credit losses ("CECL") on a quarterly basis is the determination of the macroeconomic forecasts used in the loss forecast models. For the reasonable and supportable loss forecast period, we consider forecasts of multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with one or more optimistic (upside) or pessimistic (downside) scenarios. These scenarios comprise a variety of macroeconomic variables, including annualized gross domestic product growth and unemployment rate. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the amount of weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends. Assumptions about the macroeconomic environment are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual changes in the allowance for credit losses may be different from the simulated scenario presented below. 
 To demonstrate the sensitivity of the estimated credit losses to the macroeconomic scenarios, we measured the impact of altering the weighting of macroeconomic scenarios used in our loss forecast. Our allowance for credit losses would increase by approximately 625 million at March 31, 2024 if we applied 100 weight to the most adverse scenario in our sensitivity analysis to reflect continued inflationary pressures, including a decline in consumer confidence and the influence of geopolitical events, as well as high interest rates. 
 The sensitivity disclosed above is hypothetical. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input, such as the weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because we consider a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. The macroeconomic scenarios used are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses. The inputs in the macroeconomic scenarios may not change at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. As a result, the sensitivity analysis above does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for credit losses. It is intended to provide insights into the impact of different judgments about the economy on our modeled loss estimates for the loan portfolio and does not imply any expectation of future losses. Furthermore, the hypothetical increase in our allowance for credit losses for loans does not incorporate the impact of management judgment for qualitative factors applied in the current allowance for credit losses, which may have a positive or negative effect on our actual financial condition and results of operations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. If management used different assumptions about the economic environment in estimating expected credit losses, the impact to the allowance for credit losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we experience significant instability in the economic environment, the uncertainty around the credit loss forecasts may increase, both due to the uncertainty of the economic forecasts and the challenges our models may have in incorporating them. 
 
 Earnings Summary 
 The following table outlines changes in our condensed consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Interest income 4,948 4,077 871 21 Interest expense 1,461 945 516 55 Net interest income 3,487 3,132 355 11 Provision for credit losses 1,497 1,102 395 36 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 1,990 2,030 (40) (2) Other income 673 594 79 13 Other expense 1,544 1,383 161 12 Income before income taxes 1,119 1,241 (122) (10) Income tax expense 268 286 (18) (6) Net income 851 955 (104) (11) Net income allocated to common stockholders 813 918 (105) (11) 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 The tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. Net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. We analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). We also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income. 
 Our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents primarily related to amounts on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. Our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. The following factors influence net interest income: 
 The level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates; 
 The credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income; 
 The terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate; 
 The interest rates necessary to attract and maintain direct-to-consumer deposits; 
 The level and composition of other interest-earning assets, including our liquidity portfolio, and interest-bearing liabilities; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the interest rate environment, including the levels of interest rates and the relationships among interest rate indices, such as the prime rate, the federal funds rate, the interest rate on reserve balances, and Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"); and 
 The effectiveness of interest rate swaps in our interest rate risk management program. 
 Net interest income increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by a higher average level of loan receivables and a higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. Interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher average level of loan receivables and higher market rates. Interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a larger funding base and higher funding costs driven by lower coupon maturities and higher market rates. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balance Sheet Analysis 
 (dollars in millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 Average Balance Yield/Rate Interest Average Balance Yield/Rate Interest Assets Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents 11,980 5.51 164 7,344 4.71 85 Restricted cash 558 7.03 10 588 4.05 6 Investment securities 13,682 3.64 124 12,235 3.36 101 Loan receivables (1) 
 Credit card loans (2)(3) 
 100,310 15.79 3,938 89,460 15.06 3,321 Private student loans 10,577 10.04 264 10,546 9.68 252 Personal loans 10,004 13.40 333 8,155 12.35 248 Other 6,235 7.39 115 3,888 6.64 64 Total loan receivables 127,126 14.71 4,650 112,049 14.06 3,885 Total interest-earning assets 153,346 12.98 4,948 132,216 12.51 4,077 Allowance for credit losses (9,279) (7,307) Other assets (4) 
 7,709 6,494 Total assets (5) 
 151,776 131,403 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits Time deposits (6) 
 45,990 4.63 529 33,194 3.17 259 Money market deposits 7,260 4.32 78 8,769 3.77 82 Other interest-bearing savings deposits 55,379 4.38 603 49,255 3.42 415 Total interest-bearing deposits 108,629 4.48 1,210 91,218 3.36 756 Borrowings Securitized borrowings (7)(8)(9) 
 11,340 4.71 133 9,667 3.67 87 Other long-term borrowings (8)(9)(10) 
 9,572 4.94 118 9,372 4.40 102 Total borrowings 20,912 4.82 251 19,039 4.03 189 Total interest-bearing liabilities 129,541 4.54 1,461 110,257 3.48 945 Other liabilities and stockholders' equity (4)(11) 
 22,235 21,146 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 151,776 131,403 Net interest income 3,487 3,132 Net interest margin (12) 
 11.03 11.34 Net yield on interest-earning assets (13) 
 9.15 9.61 Interest rate spread (14) 
 8.44 9.03 
 (1) Average balances of loan receivables and yield calculations include non-accruing loans. If the non-accruing loan balances were excluded, there would not be a material impact on the amounts reported above. 
 (2) Interest income on credit card loans includes 123 million and 105 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate assets to fixed-rate assets for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (4) The restatement impacts pertaining to the card product misclassification were immaterial to the average balance sheet for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. Therefore, the average balance sheets for these periods have not been adjusted for those immaterial impacts. 
 (5) The return on average assets, based on net income, was 0.56 and 0.73 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (6) Includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 (7) Includes the impact of one terminated derivative formerly designated as a cash flow hedge for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (8) Includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (9) Includes the impact of terminated derivatives formerly designated as fair value hedges for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (10) Includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (11) The return on average stockholders' equity, based on net income, was 24 and 28 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (12) Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables. 
 (13) Net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets. 
 (14) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Quality 
 Loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions): March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Credit card loans 99,475 102,259 Other loans Private student loans 10,480 10,352 Personal loans 10,107 9,852 Other loans 6,493 5,946 Total other loans 27,080 26,150 Total loan receivables 126,555 128,409 Allowance for credit losses (9,258) (9,283) Net loan receivables 117,297 119,126 
 
 Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Provision for credit losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimate of credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables at each period end date. In deriving the estimate of expected credit losses, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. We also consider expected recoveries of amounts that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. Establishing the estimate for expected credit losses requires significant management judgment. The factors that influence the provision for credit losses include: 
 Increases or decreases in outstanding loan balances, including: 
 Changes in consumer spending, payment and credit utilization behaviors; 
 The level of new account and loan originations and loan maturities; and 
 Changes in the overall mix of accounts and products within the portfolio; 
 The credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects our credit granting practices and the effectiveness of collection efforts, among other factors; 
 The impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements; 
 The level and direction of historical losses; and 
 Regulatory changes or new regulatory guidance. 
 Refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Allowance for Credit Losses" and Note 3: Loan Receivables to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more details on how we estimate the allowance for credit losses. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables provide changes in our allowance for credit losses (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Credit Card Loans Private Student Loans Personal Loans Other Loans Total Loans Balance at December 31, 2023 
 7,619 858 722 84 9,283 Additions Provision for credit losses (1) 
 1,333 53 134 11 1,531 Deductions Charge-offs (1,649) (47) (113) (3) (1,812) Recoveries 238 5 13 256 Net charge-offs (1,411) (42) (100) (3) (1,556) Balance at March 31, 2024 7,541 869 756 92 9,258 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Credit Card Loans Private Student Loans Personal Loans Other Loans Total Loans Balance at December 31, 2022 
 5,883 839 595 57 7,374 Cumulative effect of ASU No. 2022-02 adoption (2) 
 (66) (2) (68) Balance at January 1, 2023 5,817 839 593 57 7,306 Additions Provision for credit losses (1) 
 1,002 60 68 5 1,135 Deductions Charge-offs (879) (33) (54) (966) Recoveries 195 6 15 216 Net charge-offs (684) (27) (39) (750) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 6,135 872 622 62 7,691 
 (1) Excludes a 34 million and 33 million adjustment of the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 (2) Represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2022-02 on January 1, 2023. 
 The allowance for credit losses was approximately 9.3 billion at March 31, 2024, which reflects a 25 million release from December 31, 2023. The release in the allowance for credit losses for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was driven by lower receivables and a modestly more favorable economic outlook, offset in part by higher expected delinquencies and losses. 
 The allowance estimation process begins with a loss forecast that uses certain macroeconomic variables and multiple macroeconomic scenarios among its inputs. In estimating the allowance at March 31, 2024, we used a macroeconomic forecast that projected the following weighted average amounts: (i) unemployment rate ending 2024 at 4.03 and, within our reasonable and supportable period, peaking at 4.17 in the third quarter of 2025 and (ii) 2.48 growth rate in real gross domestic product in 2024. 
 In estimating expected credit losses, we considered the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior and payment trends, as well as recent and expected macroeconomic conditions, including those relating to consumer price inflation and the fiscal and monetary policy responses to that inflation. The Federal Reserve raised its federal funds rate target range substantially during 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023 in an effort to slow economic growth and reduce inflation. Real GDP growth and labor market conditions have exceeded most economists expectations, despite an inflation level that has moderated but remains above the target rate. Federal Reserve officials have suggested that the policy rate is likely at its peak for the current tightening cycle, however, the timing and magnitude of rate decreases will be dependent on trends in economic data, particularly inflation. Restrictive monetary policy typically precedes weaker consumer credit conditions caused by rising unemployment as economic growth slows. While credit performance in our lending portfolios has evolved in line with our expectations, we assessed the prospects for various macroeconomic outcomes in setting our allowance for credit losses. 
 The forecast period we deemed to be reasonable and supportable was 18 months for all periods presented. The 18 months reasonable and supportable forecast period was deemed appropriate given the current economic conditions. For all periods presented, we determined that a reversion period of 12 months was appropriate for the same reason. We applied a weighted reversion method to provide a more reasonable transition to historical losses for all loan products for all periods presented. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The provision for credit losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for credit losses at the balance sheet date. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the provision for credit losses increased by 396 million compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in delinquencies. 
 
 Net Charge-offs 
 Our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. Charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for credit losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense. 
 The following table presents amounts and rates of net charge-offs of key loan products (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 Credit card loans 1,411 5.66 684 3.10 Private student loans 42 1.58 27 1.04 Personal loans 100 4.02 39 1.94 
 The net charge-offs and net charge-off rate for credit card loans, private student loans and personal loans increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, when compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by portfolio seasoning. 
 
 Delinquencies 
 Delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. A loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due. 
 The following table presents the amounts and delinquency rates of key loan products that are 30 and 90 days or more delinquent, and loan receivables that are not accruing interest regardless of delinquency (dollars in millions): March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans 30 or more days delinquent Credit card loans 3,810 3.83 3,955 3.87 Private student loans 271 2.59 271 2.62 Personal loans 147 1.46 143 1.45 Total loan receivables 4,282 3.38 4,427 3.45 Loans 90 or more days delinquent Credit card loans 1,941 1.95 1,917 1.87 Private student loans 78 0.75 70 0.67 Personal loans 39 0.38 39 0.40 Total loan receivables 2,079 1.64 2,045 1.59 Loans not accruing interest 278 0.22 269 0.21 
 
 The 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates remained relatively stable for credit card loans, private student loans and personal loans at March 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Modified and Restructured Loans 
 For information regarding modified and restructured loans, see Note 3: Loan Receivables to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other Income 
 The following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Discount and interchange revenue, net (1) 
 321 314 7 2 Protection products revenue 42 43 (1) (2) Loan fee income 200 166 34 20 Transaction processing revenue 87 67 20 30 Gains (losses) on equity investments (18) 18 (100) Other income 23 22 1 5 Total other income 673 594 79 13 
 (1) Net of rewards, including Cashback Bonus rewards, of 703 million and 716 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Total other income increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in loan fee income and transaction processing revenue. Loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. The increase in transaction processing revenue was driven primarily by higher debit transaction volume. 
 
 Other Expense 
 The following table represents the components of other expense (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 Employee compensation and benefits 671 625 46 7 Marketing and business development 250 241 9 4 Information processing and communications 163 139 24 17 Professional fees 292 232 60 26 Premises and equipment 20 22 (2) (9) Other expense 148 124 24 19 Total other expense 1,544 1,383 161 12 
 Total other expense increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in professional fees and employee compensation and benefits. Professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting compliance and risk management initiatives. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher average salaries. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 The following table presents the calculation of the effective income tax rate (dollars in millions): For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Income before income taxes 1,119 1,241 Income tax expense 268 286 Effective income tax rate 23.9 23.0 
 The effective tax rate increased for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, due to the adoption of the proportional amortization method for qualifying tax credit investments effective January 1, 2024, offset by the decrease in pretax income. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Funding and Liquidity 
 We seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingency liquidity sources. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. Our primary liquidity sources include a portfolio composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, as well as secured borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations and Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") advances. In addition, we have unused borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingency liquidity. 
 
 Funding Sources 
 Deposits 
 We obtain deposits from consumers directly or through affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"). Additionally, we obtain deposits through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers ("brokered deposits"). Direct-to-consumer deposit products include savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, IRA savings accounts, IRA certificates of deposit and checking accounts. We gather these deposits from retail customers of our bank, many of whom have more than one Discover product. These deposits originate from a large and diverse customer base, and therefore, the majority of these deposit account balances are insured according to the FDIC's insurance limits. Brokered deposit products include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. In accordance with FDIC guidance, we do not categorize certain retail deposit products such as affinity deposits and deposits generated through certain sweep deposit relationships as brokered for regulatory reporting purposes. At March 31, 2024, we had 87.3 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and 23.1 billion of brokered deposits, of which there are 93.0 billion of deposit balances due in less than one year and 17.4 billion of deposit balances due in one year or thereafter. 
 Credit Card Securitization Financing 
 We securitize credit card receivables as a source of funding. We access the asset-backed securitization market using the Discover Card Master Trust I ("DCMT") and the Discover Card Execution Note Trust ("DCENT"). In connection with our securitization transactions, credit card receivables are transferred to DCMT. DCMT has issued a certificate representing the beneficial interest in its credit card receivables to DCENT. We issue DCENT DiscoverSeries notes in public and private transactions, which are collateralized by the beneficial interest certificate held by DCENT. From time to time, we may add credit card receivables to DCMT to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. As of March 31, 2024, there were 29.0 billion of credit card receivables in the trust and no accounts were added to those restricted for securitization investors for the three months ended March 31, 2024. We retain significant exposure to the performance of the securitized credit card receivables through holding the seller's interest and subordinated classes of 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 DCENT DiscoverSeries notes. At March 31, 2024, we had 11.0 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and 2.9 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 The securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. The primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. We refer to this as "economic early amortization," which is based on excess spread levels. Excess spread is the amount by which income received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables during a collection period including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of DCENT during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. In the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0 on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay all outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the DiscoverSeries three-month rolling average excess spread was 14.14 . The period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received. 
 Through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, Discover Funding LLC, we are required to maintain an interest in a contractual minimum level of receivables in DCMT in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. This minimum interest is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. The required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables is approximately 7 in excess of the total investors' interests, which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us. If the level of receivables in DCMT were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card receivables restricted for securitization investors. A decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge-offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. Seller's interest exhibits seasonality as higher receivable balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. If we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered. 
 An early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization-related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. We have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event. For instance, we could add receivables to DCMT, which would reduce our available borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve discount window. Alternatively, we could employ structured discounting, which was used effectively in 2009 to bolster excess spread and mitigate early amortization risk. 
 The following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions): At March 31, 2024 Total Less Than One Year One Year and Thereafter Scheduled maturities of borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors 10,872 3,722 7,150 
 The "AAA(sf)" and "Aaa(sf)" ratings of the DCENT DiscoverSeries Class A Notes issued to date have been based, in part, on an FDIC rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the FDIC, as conservator or receiver, will not use its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize assets transferred in connection with a securitization as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous GAAP. Although the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing , no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the FDIC approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including DCMT, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original FDIC safe harbor if evaluated under GAAP pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to December 2009. However, other legislative and regulatory developments may impact our ability or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 Discover Bank is a member bank of the FHLB of Chicago, one of 11 FHLBs that, along with the Office of Finance, compose the FHLB System. The FHLBs are government-sponsored enterprises of the U.S. ("U.S. GSEs") chartered to 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 improve the availability of funds to support home ownership. As such, senior debt obligations of the FHLBs feature the same credit ratings as U.S. Treasury securities and are considered high-quality liquid assets for bank regulatory purposes. Consequently, the FHLBs benefit from consistent capital market access during nearly all macroeconomic and financial market conditions and low funding costs, which they pass on to their member banks when they borrow advances. Thus, we consider FHLB advances a stable and reliable funding source for Discover Bank for short-term contingency liquidity and long-term asset-liability management. 
 As a member of the FHLB of Chicago, Discover Bank has access to short- and long-term advance structures with maturities ranging from overnight to 30 years. At March 31, 2024, we had total committed borrowing capacity of 4.1 billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which 1.0 billion of long-term advances were outstanding with the FHLB of Chicago. Under certain stressed conditions, we could pledge our liquidity portfolio securities and borrow against them at a modest reduction to their value. 
 Other Long-Term Borrowings Corporate and Bank Debt 
 The following table provides a summary of Discover Financial Services (Parent Company) and Discover Bank outstanding fixed-rate debt (dollars in millions): At March 31, 2024 Principal Amount Outstanding Discover Financial Services (Parent Company) fixed-rate senior notes, maturing 2024-2032 3,350 Discover Financial Services (Parent Company) fixed-rate retail notes, maturing 2025-2031 140 Discover Financial Services (Parent Company) fixed to floating-rate senior notes, maturing 2034 1,000 Discover Bank fixed-rate senior bank notes, maturing 2024-2030 3,550 Discover Bank fixed-rate subordinated bank notes, maturing 2028 500 
 At March 31, 2024, 717 million of interest on our fixed-rate debt is due in less than one year and 2.0 billion of interest is due in one year and thereafter. See Note 6: Long-Term Borrowings to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information on the maturities of our long-term borrowings. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 As part of our regular funding strategy, we may, from time to time, borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. Federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a Federal Reserve account. Funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans, usually secured with highly rated investment securities such as U.S. Treasury bills or notes, or mortgage bonds or debentures issued by government agencies or U.S. GSEs. At March 31, 2024, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or under repurchase agreements. Additionally, we have access to short-term advance structures through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. At March 31, 2024, there were no short-term advances outstanding from private asset-backed securitizations. 
 
 Additional Funding Sources 
 Private Asset-Backed Securitizations 
 We have access to committed borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. While we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. Therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress test results, for any contingency funding needs. At March 31, 2024, we had a total committed capacity of 3.5 billion, none of which was drawn. We seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them well ahead of their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them for operational tests and seasonal funding needs. 
 Federal Reserve 
 Discover Bank has access to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia's discount window. As of March 31, 2024, Discover Bank had 41.7 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. As of March 31, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the discount window and reserve this capacity as a source of contingency liquidity. 
 
 Funding Uses 
 Our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit to customers, primarily through Discover Bank; the maintenance of sufficient working capital for routine operations; the service of our debt and capital obligations, including interest, principal and dividend payments; and the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio. 
 In addition to originating consumer loans to new customers, we also extend credit to existing customers, which primarily arises from agreements for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. At March 31, 2024, our unused credit arrangements were approximately 233.0 billion. These arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness, loan qualification and the cost of capital. 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various contracts for goods and services, such as consulting, outsourcing, data, sponsorships, software licenses, telecommunications and global merchant acceptance, among other things. These contracts are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including any applicable fixed future cash payments. 
 As of March 31, 2024, we have debt obligations, common stock and preferred stock outstanding, for which we incur servicing costs. Refer to " Funding Sources" and " Capital" for more information related to our debt obligations and capital service, respectively, and the timing of expected payments. 
 We assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingency uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. To anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid (i.e., idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. If we determine we have excess cash and cash equivalents above what is required for daily operations, we may invest in highly liquid, unencumbered assets that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using the repo market or other secured borrowing or outright sales. 
 
 Guarantees 
 Guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that may require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. Also included in guarantees are contracts that may require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity s failure to perform under an agreement. Our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the Discover Network and certain transactions processed by PULSE and Diners Club. In the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. The activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 12: Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 Our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of DFS, Discover Bank and the securitization trusts. Downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher credit enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. In addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in our credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The table below reflects our current credit ratings and outlooks: Moody s Investors Service (1) 
 Standard Poor's Fitch Ratings Discover Financial Services Senior unsecured debt Baa2 BBB- BBB+ Outlook for Discover Financial Services senior unsecured debt Under Review Positive Positive Discover Bank Senior unsecured debt Baa1 BBB BBB+ Outlook for Discover Bank senior unsecured debt Under Review Positive Positive Subordinated debt Baa1 BBB- BBB Discover Card Execution Note Trust (DCENT) Class A (2) 
 Aaa(sf) AAA(sf) AAA(sf) 
 (1) On February 20, 2024, following the announcement of the pending merger between Discover and Capital One, Moody's Investors Service placed all long-term ratings and assessments for DFS and Discover Bank under review with direction uncertain. 
 (2) An "sf" in the rating denotes rating agency identification for structured finance product ratings. 
 
 A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. A credit rating outlook reflects an agency's opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term, often a period of about a year, and indicates the agency's belief that the issuer's credit profile is consistent with its current rating level at that point in time. 
 
 Liquidity 
 We seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. In addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or other secured borrowing or outright sales. 
 We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The Board of Directors approves the policy and the Asset and Liability Management Committee (the "ALCO") is responsible for its implementation. We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. The ALCO, chaired by our Treasurer, has cross-functional membership and manages liquidity risk centrally. The ALCO monitors the liquidity risk profiles of DFS and Discover Bank and oversees any actions Corporate Treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. In addition, the ALCO and our Board of Directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at DFS and Discover Bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our Board of Directors. 
 We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We utilize early warning indicators ("EWIs") to detect emerging liquidity stress events. The EWIs include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures and are monitored daily and reported to the ALCO regularly. A warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team and, in certain instances, may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan. 
 In addition, we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed to follow regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. These scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at DFS and Discover Bank across a range of periods by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingency liquidity. 
 Our primary contingency liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. In addition, we could borrow FHLB advances by pledging securities to the FHLB of Chicago. Moreover, we have unused borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve discount window, which provides an additional source of contingency liquidity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. In such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity. 
 At March 31, 2024, our liquidity portfolio was composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. Cash and cash equivalents were primarily deposits with the Federal Reserve. Investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the U.S. Treasury and U.S. GSEs and residential mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. GSEs. These investments, nearly all of which are classified as available-for-sale, are considered highly liquid and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. The size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based on the size of our balance sheet as well as operational requirements, market conditions and interest rate risk management objectives. 
 At March 31, 2024, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were 74.0 billion, which was 4.3 billion higher than the balance at December 31, 2023. Our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities grew primarily as a result of an increase in cash and cash equivalents. During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was 25.2 billion and 22.1 billion, respectively. Our liquidity portfolio and undrawn facilities consist of the following (dollars in millions): 
 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Liquidity portfolio Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 12,502 9,815 Investment securities (2) 
 13,237 13,439 Total liquidity portfolio 25,739 23,254 Private asset-backed securitizations (3) 
 3,500 2,750 Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago 3,087 2,551 Primary liquidity sources 32,326 28,555 Federal Reserve discount window (3) 
 41,710 41,199 Total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities 74,036 69,754 
 (1) Cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes. 
 (2) Excludes 377 million and 320 million of U.S. Treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) See " Additional Funding Sources" for additional information. 
 Bank Holding Company Liquidity 
 The primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated DFS level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, including dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. Our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, notably Discover Bank. Under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. In addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from Discover Bank to the bank holding company. 
 We utilize a measure referred to as Number of Months of Pre-Funding to determine the length of time DFS can meet upcoming funding obligations, including common and preferred stock dividend payments and debt service obligations using existing cash resources. In managing this metric, we structure our debt maturity schedule to manage prudently the amount of debt maturing within a short period. See Note 6: Long-Term Borrowings to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Capital 
 Our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. We seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support our businesses' growth, account for their risks, and meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. Within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. The level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments. 
 Under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, DFS, along with Discover Bank, must maintain minimum capital levels. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial condition and operating results. We must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. Current or future legislative or regulatory reforms, such as those related to the adoption of the CECL accounting model or those related to the proposed revisions to the Basel Committee's December 2010 framework ("Basel III rules"), may require us to hold more capital and/or adversely impact our capital level. We consider the potential impacts of these reforms in managing our capital position. 
 DFS and Discover Bank are subject to regulatory capital rules issued by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, respectively, under the Basel III rules. Under these rules, DFS and Discover Bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities as they are U.S. banking organizations with consolidated total assets over 50 billion but not exceeding 250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than 10 billion. The Basel III rules require DFS and Discover Bank to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. 
 In accordance with the final rule on the impact of CECL on regulatory capital, we have elected to phase in the impact over three years, beginning in 2022. By electing this option, our Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratios are higher than they otherwise would have been. The phase-in of the CECL accounting model decreased CET1 by 1.6 billion as of January 1, 2024. For additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see Note 11: Capital Adequacy to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Federal Reserve rules impose limitations on DFS' capital distributions if we do not maintain our risk-based capital ratios above stated regulatory minimum ratios based on the results of supervisory stress tests. We are required to assess whether DFS' planned capital actions are consistent with the effective capital distribution limitations that will apply on a pro-forma basis throughout the planning horizon. 
 The SCB requirement is institution-specific and is calculated as the greater of (i) 2.5 and (ii) the sum of (a) the difference between DFS' actual CET1 ratio at the beginning of the forecast and the projected minimum CET1 ratio based on the Federal Reserve's models in its nine-quarter Severely Adverse stress scenario, plus (b) the sum of the dollar amount of DFS' planned common stock dividend distributions for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of its nine-quarter capital planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. For Category IV firms, including DFS, the Federal Reserve calculates each firm's SCB biennially in even-numbered calendar years, and did so in 2022. Based on the results of the 2022 CCAR exercise released by the Federal Reserve, our new SCB was set at 2.5 , the lowest possible requirement, effective October 1, 2022, through September 30, 2023. In odd-numbered years, each firm subject to Category IV standards that did not opt-in to such year's supervisory stress tests as part of the Federal Reserve's CCAR process receives an adjusted SCB requirement that is updated to reflect its planned common stock dividends per the firm's annual capital plan. In July 2023, the Federal Reserve disclosed SCB requirements to firms subject to Category IV standards that did not opt-in to this year's stress test. Our SCB remains unchanged at 2.5 , effective beginning October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. On April 5, 2024, we submitted our 2024 capital plan to the Federal Reserve and expect results of the 2024 supervisory stress test by June 30, 2024, and our final SCB by August 31, 2024. Under the Basel III rules, a firm must update and resubmit its capital plan under certain circumstances, including a material change in the firm's risk profile, financial condition or corporate structure since its last capital plan submission. On February 19, 2024, Discover and Capital One jointly announced that they entered into a Merger Agreement, under which the companies will combine in an all-stock merger, which we determined required us to resubmit our capital plan. We will submit our updated capital plan by May 6, 2024. The capital plan rule provides that, unless the Federal Reserve determines to extend the timeline, the Federal Reserve must provide us notice of whether our SCB will be recalculated within 75 days of the submission of our updated capital plan and, if 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 applicable, must provide our updated SCB within 90 days of notifying us that the SCB will be recalculated. See " Regulatory Environment and Developments Banking Capital Standards and Stress Testing" for additional information. 
 At March 31, 2024, DFS and Discover Bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under the Federal Reserve's Regulation Y and the prompt corrective action rules and corresponding FDIC requirements, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules. 
 Basel III rules also require disclosures relating to market discipline. This series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "Pillar 3." The objective is to increase the transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. We are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures quarterly regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. We make the Pillar 3 disclosures publicly available on our website in a report called "Basel III Regulatory Capital Disclosures." 
 We disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. Management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is meaningful to investors as a measure of our true net asset value. At March 31, 2024, tangible common equity is considered to be a non-GAAP financial measure as it is not formally defined by GAAP or codified in the federal banking regulations. Other financial services companies may also disclose this measure and definitions may vary. We advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this measure among different companies. 
 The following table reconciles total common stockholders' equity (a GAAP financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions): March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 Total common stockholders' equity (1) 
 13,614 13,179 Less: goodwill (255) (255) Tangible common equity 13,359 12,924 
 (1) Total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock. 
 Our Board of Directors declared the following common stock dividends during 2024 and 2023: Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share 2024 April 17, 2024 May 23, 2024 June 06, 2024 0.70 January 16, 2024 February 22, 2024 March 07, 2024 0.70 Total common stock dividends 1.40 2023 October 16, 2023 November 22, 2023 December 07, 2023 0.70 July 17, 2023 August 24, 2023 September 07, 2023 0.70 April 17, 2023 May 25, 2023 June 08, 2023 0.70 January 17, 2023 February 23, 2023 March 09, 2023 0.60 Total common stock dividends 2.70 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Our Board of Directors declared the following Series C preferred stock dividends during 2024 and 2023: Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Depositary Share 2024 January 16, 2024 April 15, 2024 April 30, 2024 27.50 Total Series C preferred stock dividends 27.50 2023 July 17, 2023 October 13, 2023 October 30, 2023 27.50 January 17, 2023 April 14, 2023 May 01, 2023 27.50 Total Series C preferred stock dividends 55.00 
 Our Board of Directors declared the following Series D preferred stock dividends during 2024 and 2023: Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Depositary Share 2024 January 16, 2024 March 08, 2024 March 25, 2024 30.625 Total Series D preferred stock dividends 30.625 2023 July 17, 2023 September 08, 2023 September 25, 2023 30.625 January 17, 2023 March 08, 2023 March 23, 2023 30.625 Total Series D preferred stock dividends 61.250 
 The amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors. Under the Merger Agreement, quarterly cash dividends on our common stock may not exceed 0.70 per share without the prior written consent of Capital One. For additional information on the merger, see Note 1: Background and Basis of Presentation Pending Merger with Capital One Financial Corporation to our condensed consolidated financial statements. The declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof are otherwise subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. Holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. No dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period. In addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent our banking subsidiary (Discover Bank) can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. Further, current or future regulatory reforms, such as those that propose to alter the Basel III standards, may require us to hold more capital or could adversely impact our capital level. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. 
 Our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program in April 2023. The new program authorized up to 2.7 billion of share repurchases through June 30, 2024, and replaced the prior 4.2 billion share repurchase program. If and when we repurchase our shares under the program, we may use various methods, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. There were no share repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2024. In accordance with the Merger Agreement with Capital One, we have paused share repurchases through the completion of the merger. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, correlations or other market factors will result in losses for an investment position or portfolio. We are exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We borrow money from various depositors and institutions to provide loans to our customers and invest in other assets and our business. These loans to customers and other assets earn interest, which we use to pay interest on the money borrowed. Our net interest income and, therefore, earnings will be reduced if the interest rate earned on assets increases at a slower pace than the interest rate paid on our borrowings. Changes in interest rates and our competitors' responses to those changes may influence customer payment rates, loan balances or deposit account activity. As a result, we may incur higher funding costs that could decrease our earnings. 
 Our interest rate risk management policies are designed to measure and manage the potential volatility of earnings that may arise from changes in interest rates by having a portfolio that reflects our mix of variable- and fixed-rate assets and liabilities. To the extent that the repricing characteristics of the assets and liabilities in a particular portfolio are not sufficiently matched, we may utilize interest rate derivative contracts, such as swap agreements, to achieve our objectives. Interest rate swap agreements effectively convert the underlying asset or liability from fixed- to floating-rate or from floating- to fixed-rate. See Note 15: Derivatives and Hedging Activities to our condensed consolidated financial statements for information on our derivatives activity. 
 We use an interest rate sensitivity simulation to assess our interest rate risk exposure. For purposes of presenting the possible earnings effect of a hypothetical, adverse change in interest rates over the 12 months from our reporting date, we assume that all interest-rate-sensitive assets and liabilities are subject to a hypothetical, immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates relative to market consensus expectations as of the beginning of the period. The sensitivity simulation includes the hypothetical assumption that all relevant types of interest rates would change instantaneously, simultaneously and to the same degree. 
 Our interest-rate-sensitive assets include our variable-rate loan receivables and certain assets in our liquidity portfolio. We have limitations on our ability to mitigate interest rate risk by adjusting rates on existing balances. Further, competitive actions may limit our ability to increase the rates that we charge to customers for new loans. At March 31, 2024, the majority of our credit card and private student loans charge variable rates. Fixed-rate assets that will mature or otherwise contractually reset to a market-based indexed rate or other fixed-rate prior to the end of the 12-month measurement period are considered to be rate sensitive. The latter category includes certain revolving credit card loans that may be offered at below-market rates for an introductory period, such as balance transfers and special promotional programs, after which the loans will contractually reprice in accordance with our normal market-based pricing structure. For assets with a fixed interest rate that contractually will, or is assumed to, reset to a market-based indexed rate or other fixed rate during the next 12 months, earnings sensitivity is measured from the expected repricing date. In addition, for all interest rate sensitive assets, earnings sensitivity is calculated net of expected credit losses. For purposes of this analysis, expected credit losses are assumed to remain unchanged relative to our baseline expectations over the analysis horizon. 
 Interest-rate-sensitive liabilities are assumed to be those for which the stated interest rate is not contractually fixed for the next 12 months. Thus, liabilities that vary with changes in a market-based index, such as the federal funds rate or SOFR, which will reset before the end of the next 12 months, or liabilities that have fixed rates at the fiscal period end but will mature and are assumed to be replaced with a market-based indexed rate prior to the end of the next 12 months, are also considered to be rate sensitive. For these fixed-rate liabilities, earnings sensitivity is measured from the expected maturity date. 
 Net interest income sensitivity simulations require assumptions regarding market conditions, consumer behavior and the growth and composition of our balance sheet. Our view of market conditions utilizes the implied forward interest rate projection at the beginning of our analysis horizon. This view serves as the base for interest rate risk simulations. We apply rate shocks to the base implied forward curve to measure our overall interest rate sensitivity position. Our view of balance sheet composition and growth utilizes our corporate forecast. On at least a quarterly basis, we create a corporate forecast that incorporates receivable growth and seasonality. The appropriate level of funding is projected and utilizes a diverse mix of instruments with issuance based on expected market conditions. At the same time, optimal levels of liquidity are maintained in accordance with internal guidelines. The degree by which our deposit rates change when benchmark interest rates change, 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 our deposit "beta," is one of the most significant of these assumptions. Assumptions about deposit beta and other matters are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual earnings may differ from the simulated earnings presented below. Our actual earnings depend on multiple factors including, but not limited to, the direction and timing of changes in interest rates, the movement of short-term interest rates relative to long-term rates, balance sheet composition, competitor actions affecting pricing decisions in our loans and deposits, the mix of promotional balances in our card portfolio, the level of interest charge-offs and recoveries, the influence of loan repayment rates on revolving balances and strategic actions undertaken by our management. 
 We have taken actions to bring our net interest income sensitivity closer to neutral as the Federal Reserve has slowed its pace of monetary policy tightening and the outlook for near-term U.S. economic growth may be weakening. The following table shows the impacts to net interest income over the following 12-month period that we estimate would result from an immediate and parallel change in interest rates affecting all interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. These numbers do not include a sale of the private student loan portfolio (dollars in millions): At March 31, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Basis point change +100 92 0.67 161 1.17 -100 (83) (0.61) (153) (1.11) 
 Given the nature of our loan portfolio, the impact to our net interest income is far more linear across various rate increase or decrease scenarios that would be true for a financial institution with significant rate-sensitive prepayment risk from the exposure to mortgages. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our interim CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 At the time our original Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 was filed on May 1, 2024, our interim CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2024. Subsequent to the original evaluation, our interim CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2024 due to the material weaknesses disclosed within Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, that led to the restatement of the Company s condensed consolidated historical financial statements. For additional information see the Explanatory Note in this Form 10-Q/A and under Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on December 23, 2024. 
 Notwithstanding the conclusion by our interim CEO and CFO that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2024, and notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described in Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures of the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, our interim CEO and CFO have concluded that the condensed consolidated financial statements as issued in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP"). 
 Remediation Plan and Status 
 As of March 31, 2024, we have made progress against the remediation plan that we previously disclosed under Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. While we believe that our remediation plan is sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses, such a conclusion cannot be reached until applicable controls have been designed, implemented and have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. As of March 31, 2024, this evaluation remains ongoing and we have not yet concluded on remediation. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than as outlined above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Acronyms 
 ALCO : Asset and Liability Management Committee 
 AOCI : Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 ASC : Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU : Accounting Standards Update 
 ATM : Automated Teller Machine 
 CCAR : Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CCPA : California Consumer Privacy Act 
 CECL : Current Expected Credit Loss 
 CET1 : Common Equity Tier 1 
 CFPB : Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 CODM : Chief Operating Decision Maker 
 CPPA : California Privacy Protection Agency 
 DCENT : Discover Card Execution Note Trust 
 DCMT : Discover Card Master Trust I 
 DFS : Discover Financial Services 
 EPS : Earnings Per Share 
 ESG : Environmental, Social and Governance 
 EWI : Early Warning Indicator 
 FASB : Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIC : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FHLB : Federal Home Loan Bank 
 GAAP : Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States 
 GLBA : Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 NPI : Nonpublic Personal Information 
 OCC : Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 OCI : Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 RMBS : Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 SCB : Stress Capital Buffer 
 SEC : Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SOFR : Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 UDAAP : Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices 
 U.S. : United States of America 
 U.S. GSE : Government-sponsored Enterprise of the U.S. 
 VIE : Variable Interest Entity 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 13: Litigation and Regulatory Matters to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information regarding purchases of our common stock related to our share repurchase program and employee transactions made by us or on our behalf during the most recent quarter. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (3) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program (1)(4) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be purchased under the Plans or Programs (1)(4) 
 January 1 - 31, 2024 Repurchase program (1)(4) 
 2,225,091,655 Employee transactions (2) 
 3,476 107.51 N/A N/A February 1 - 29, 2024 Repurchase program (1)(4) 
 2,225,091,655 Employee transactions (2) 
 252,279 106.89 N/A N/A March 1 - 31, 2024 Repurchase program (1)(4) 
 2,225,091,655 Employee transactions (2) 
 5,510 130.54 N/A N/A Total Repurchase program (1)(4) 
 2,225,091,655 Employee transactions (2) 
 261,265 107.39 N/A N/A 
 (1) In April 2023, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to 2.7 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock through June 30, 2024. This share repurchase authorization replaced our prior 4.2 billion share repurchase program. 
 (2) Reflects shares withheld (under the terms of grants under employee stock compensation plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon the delivery of outstanding shares underlying restricted stock units or upon the exercise of stock options. 
 (3) Average price paid per share excludes any excise tax. 
 (4) In accordance with the Merger Agreement with Capital One, share repurchases have been paused through the completion of the merger. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital" for additional information. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the period covered by this report, none of the Company s directors or executive officers has adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 See "Exhibit Index" for documents filed herewith and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Description 10.1 
 Special Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units under the Discover Financial Services 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan for John B. Owen granted on January 31, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Discover Financial Services Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 
 10.2 
 Special Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units under the Discover Financial Services 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Michael G. Rhodes granted on February 1, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Discover Financial Services Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 
 10.3 
 Special Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units under the Discover Financial Services 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan for John T. Greene granted on February 22, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Discover Financial Services Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 
 10.4 
 Letter Agreement with Michael G. Rhodes, dated as of March 27, 2024 between Discover Financial Services and Michael G. Rhodes (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Discover Financial Services Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 10.5 
 Letter Agreement with J. Michael Shepherd, dated as of March 27, 2024 between Discover Financial Services and J. Michael Shepherd (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Discover Financial Services Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 10.6 
 Special Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units under the Discover Financial Services 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan for J. Michael Shepherd granted on April 1, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Discover Financial Services Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 101 Interactive Data File the following financial statements from Discover Financial Services Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q formatted in inline XBRL: (1) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (2) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (3) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (5) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (6) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page from Discover Financial Services Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Discover Financial Services (Registrant) By: /s/ J OHN T. G REENE 
 John T. Greene Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Date: December 23, 2024 
 72 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dfsex3113312024amended.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, J. Michael Shepherd, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A of Discover Financial Services (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s J. M ICHAEL S HEPHERD 
 J. Michael Shepherd Interim Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dfsex3123312024amended.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John T. Greene, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A of Discover Financial Services (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s J OHN T. G REENE 
 John T. Greene Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dfsex3213312024amended.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Discover Financial Services (the Company on Form 10-Q A for the period ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of J. Michael Shepherd, Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and John T. Greene, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s J. M ICHAEL S HEPHERD 
 J. Michael Shepherd Interim Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s J OHN T. G REENE 
 John T. Greene Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dfs-20240331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dfs-20240331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dfs-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dfs-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dfs-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

