<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_876883_0000876883-24-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9923351</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175778</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1509524</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4075712</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2030233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1937662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000876883-24-000030.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107114144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000876883-24-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stagwell Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000876883
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				980364441
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13718
		FILM NUMBER:		241434072

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER, FLOOR 65
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646 429 1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER, FLOOR 65
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC Stagwell Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC CORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000876883-24-000030.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 stgw-20240930.htm
 10-Q

stgw-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of common shares outstanding as of October 31, 2024, was shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class C Common Stock. 

Table of Contents 

STAGWELL INC. 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 202 3 
 5 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 6 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended Sept ember 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 8 
 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 67 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 67 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 67 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 68 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 68 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 68 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 68 
 Signatures 
 70 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to Stagwell, we, us, our and the Company refer to Stagwell Inc. and, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise is expressly stated, its subsidiaries. 
 All dollar amounts are stated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This document contains forward-looking statements. within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company s representatives may also make forward-looking statements orally or in writing from time to time. Statements in this document that are not historical facts, including, statements about the Company s beliefs and expectations, future financial performance, growth, and future prospects, the Company s strategy, business and economic trends and growth, technological leadership and differentiation, potential and completed acquisitions, anticipated operating efficiencies and synergies and estimates of amounts for redeemable noncontrolling interests and deferred acquisition consideration, constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which are generally denoted by words such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, create, develop, estimate, expect, focus, forecast, foresee, future, goal, guidance, in development, intend, likely, look, maintain, may, ongoing, opportunity, outlook, plan, possible, potential, predict, probable, project, should, target, will, would or the negative of such terms or other variations thereof and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of current plans, estimates and projections are subject to change based on a number of factors, including those outlined in this section. 
 
 Forward-looking statements in this document are based on certain key expectations and assumptions made by the Company. Although the management of the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. The material assumptions upon which such forward-looking statements are based include, among others, assumptions with respect to general business, economic and market conditions, the competitive environment, anticipated and unanticipated tax consequences and anticipated and unanticipated costs. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and are subject to change based on a number of factors, including those outlined in this section. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the Company s control. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events, if any. 
 Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such risk factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 risks associated with international, national and regional unfavorable economic conditions that could affect the Company or its clients; 
 demand for the Company s services, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and uncertainties; 
 inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation; 
 the Company s ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients; 
 the impact of a reduction in client spending and changes in client advertising, marketing and corporate communications requirements; 
 financial failure of the Company s clients; 
 the Company s ability to retain and attract key employees; 
 the Company s ability to compete in the markets in which it operates; 
 the Company s ability to achieve its cost saving initiatives; 
 the Company s implementation of strategic initiatives; 
 the Company s ability to remain in compliance with its debt agreements and the Company s ability to finance its contingent payment obligations when due and payable, including but not limited to those relating to redeemable noncontrolling interests and deferred acquisition consideration; 
 the Company s ability to manage its growth effectively; 
 the Company s ability to identify, complete and integrate acquisitions that complement and expand the Company s business capabilities and realize cost savings, synergies or other anticipated benefits of newly acquired businesses, or that even if realized, such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; 
 the Company s ability to identify and complete divestitures and to achieve the anticipated benefits therefrom; 
 the Company s ability to develop products incorporating new technologies, including augmented reality, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality, and realize benefits from such products; 
 the Company s use of artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

adverse tax consequences for the Company, its operations and its stockholders, that may differ from the expectations of the Company, including that future changes in tax laws, potential increases to corporate tax rates in the United States and disagreements with tax authorities on the Company s determinations that may result in increased tax costs; 
 adverse tax consequences in connection with the Transactions, including the incurrence of material Canadian federal income tax (including material emigration tax 
 the Company s unremediated material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and its ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, including the risk that the Company s internal controls will fail to detect misstatements in its financial statements; 
 the Company s ability to accurately forecast its future financial performance and provide accurate guidance; 
 the Company s ability to protect client data from security incidents or cyberattacks; 
 economic disruptions resulting from war and other geopolitical tensions (such as the ongoing military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East), terrorist activities and natural disasters; 
 stock price volatility; and 
 foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Investors should carefully consider these risks and the additional risk factors described in more detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our 2023 Form 10-K ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 11, 2024, and accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, under the caption Risk Factors, and in the Company s other SEC filings. 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating Expenses Cost of services Office and general expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment and other losses Operating Income Other income (expenses): Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange, net ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates 
 Income tax expense Income (loss) before equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates ) Equity in income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders ) ) Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share: Basic ) Diluted ) ) Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 3 

Table of Contents 

STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) for the period ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders ) ) ) 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 4 

Table of Contents 

STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Expenditures billable to clients Other current assets Total Current Assets Fixed assets, net Right-of-use lease assets - operating leases Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS RNCI ), AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued media Accruals and other liabilities Advance billings Current portion of lease liabilities - operating leases Current portion of deferred acquisition consideration Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Long-term portion of deferred acquisition consideration Long-term lease liabilities - operating leases Deferred tax liabilities, net Other liabilities Total Liabilities Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Note 10) 
 Common shares - Class C Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Stagwell Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling interests Total Shareholders Equity 
 Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 
 Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right-of-use lease assets and lease liability interest 
 Impairment and other losses Deferred income taxes ) ) Adjustment to deferred acquisition consideration Other, net ) Changes in working capital: Accounts receivable ) ) Expenditures billable to clients ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Advance billings ) Current portion of lease liabilities - operating leases ) ) Deferred acquisition related payments ) ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Capitalized software ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of borrowings under revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit facility Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Payment of deferred consideration ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash income taxes paid Cash interest paid 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (continued) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Acquisitions of business Acquisitions of noncontrolling interest Share issuances 
 Non-cash payment of deferred acquisition consideration 
 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Shares - 
 Class A 
 Common Shares - Class C Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Stagwell Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Total other comprehensive income Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Changes in redemption value of RNCI ) ) ) Restricted awards granted or vested Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) ) ) ) Restricted shares forfeited ) Stock-based compensation Change in ownership held by Class C shareholders 
 ) ) Shares issued, acquisitions Other 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - (continued) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Shares - 
 Class A 
 Common Shares - Class C Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Stagwell Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (1) 
 ) ) Purchases of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Changes in redemption value of RNCI ) ) ) Restricted awards granted or vested Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) ) ) ) Restricted shares forfeited ) Stock-based compensation Change in ownership held by Class C shareholders 
 ) ) Shares issued, acquisitions Other 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 (1) Distributions to noncontrolling interests include approximately million to Class C shareholders. 
 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 

9 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - (continued) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Shares - Class A B Common Shares - Class C Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Stagwell Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Changes in redemption value of RNCI ) ) ) Restricted awards granted or vested Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Change in ownership held by Class C shareholders 
 ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 (1) The Other line within Paid-in Capital includes million in connection with the modification of certain stock-appreciation rights from equity to cash-settled that were subsequently exercised in equity. 
 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 
 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - (continued) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Shares - Class A B Common Shares - Class C Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Stagwell Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Changes in redemption value of RNCI ) ) ) Restricted awards granted or vested Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) ) ) ) Restricted shares forfeited ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued, acquisitions Change in ownership held by Class C shareholders ) ) Conversion of Class C to Class A shares ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 (1) The Other line within Paid-in Capital includes million in connection with the modification of certain stock-appreciation rights from equity to cash-settled that were subsequently exercised in equity. 
 
 See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 STAGWELL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. There was no impact to Total Shareholders Equity as of December 31, 2022. Also, we identified a understatement of income tax expense, and overstatement to income tax payable (Accruals and Other Liabilities) and deferred tax asset (Other Current Assets) of and , respectively, relating to an error in the calculation of valuation allowances. These errors were originally corrected within the first quarter of 2023 as management determined the errors were not material to the quarterly financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2023, we identified an error related to an understatement of income tax expense and income tax payable (Accruals and Other Liabilities) by million due to incorrect applications of tax payments. The Company also identified a misclassification of as a result of improper netting of income tax receivables (Other Current Assets) and payables (Accruals and Other Liabilities). This error resulted in an incremental million misclassification of income tax receivables and payables as of March 31, 2023, which was originally corrected within the second quarter of 2023 as management determined the errors were not material to the quarterly financial statements as of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we identified an incremental million understatement of tax expense as well as balance sheet misclassification between income tax accounts included within Other Current Assets, Other Assets, Accruals and Other Liabilities, and Deferred Tax Liabilities. These errors were related to the incorrect applications of tax payments, and the incorrect calculation of deferred tax balances for items mainly associated with interest expense, intangible assets, fixed assets, state tax, basis adjustment for partnership, and the related valuation allowance. We also identified an error in our tax receivable agreement TRA liability calculation which resulted in a overstatement of other expenses and of Other Liabilities. 
 
 As a result of the above, the Company s previously filed third quarter of 2023 interim consolidated financial statements have been revised. See Note 17 of the Notes included herein for additional information. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 million increase in the size of our previously approved stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, as amended, we may repurchase up to an aggregate of million of shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share Class A Common Stock ), with any previous purchases under the Repurchase Program continuing to count against that limit. The Repurchase Program will expire on November 6, 2027. 
 
 million, of which million was paid in cash and million in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million, partially subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. Due to the timing of the closing of the acquisition and delivery of related data, there was insufficient time to incorporate additional disclosures related to the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

3. 
 million, of which million was paid in cash and million in shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million, subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. 
 The consideration has been allocated to the assets acquired and assumed liabilities of Epiphany based upon fair values. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net 
 Expenditures billable to clients 
 Other current assets 
 Right-of-use lease assets 
 Fixed assets 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 Accounts payable 
 ) Accruals and other liabilities 
 ) Advance billings 
 ) Current portion of lease liabilities - operating leases 
 ) Long-term lease liabilities - operating leases 
 ) Net assets assumed 
 Goodwill 
 Purchase price consideration 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Epiphany. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Intangible assets consist of trade names and customer relationships. We amortize purchased intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives. The weighted average life of the total acquired identifiable intangible assets is . 
 Trade names 
 Total acquired intangible assets 
 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The unaudited pro forma information for the periods set forth below gives effect to the acquisition as if it occurred as of January 1, 2023. The pro forma revenue and net income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 would not be materially different from the actual revenue and net income (loss) reported. 
 Net income (loss) ) 
 Revenue attributable to Epiphany, included within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Net income attributable to Epiphany, included within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million Israeli New Shekels ILS (approximately million), of which million ILS (approximately million) was paid in cash, million ILS (approximately million) in shares of the Company s Class A Common stock, and million ILS (approximately million) was attributed to contingent consideration which is considered part of the purchase price. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million ILS (approximately million), partially subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Leaders and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the All Other reportable segment. The goodwill is not fully deductible for income tax purposes. The purchase price accounting is not yet final as the Company may still make adjustments due to changes in post-closing adjustments. 
 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company acquired PROS Agency PROS ), for million Brazilian reals R (approximately million) of which R million (approximately million) was paid in cash, R million (approximately million) was paid in shares of Class A Common Stock, and R million (approximately million) was attributed to contingent consideration which is considered part of the purchase price. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of R million (approximately million), partially subject to continued employment, and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of PROS and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Communications Network reportable segment. The goodwill is not fully deductible for income tax purposes. The purchase price accounting is not yet final as the Company may still make adjustments due to changes in post-closing adjustments. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million Euros (approximately million) in cash. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million (approximately million), partially subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of WNP and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment. The goodwill is not fully deductible for income tax purposes. The purchase price accounting is not yet final as the Company may still make adjustments due to changes in post-closing adjustments. 
 On March 1, 2024, the Company acquired Sidekick Live Limited Sidekick ), for million British pounds (approximately million) of which million (approximately million) was paid in cash, million (approximately million) was incurred as a certain payable to sellers, and million (approximately million) in shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million (approximately million), subject to continued employment requirements and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was mainly recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Sidekick and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Communications Network reportable segment. The goodwill is not fully deductible for income tax purposes. The purchase price accounting is not yet final as the Company may still make adjustments due to changes in post-closing adjustments. 
 2023 Acquisitions 
 On November 1, 2023, the Company acquired Movers and Shakers LLC Movers and Shakers ), a digital creative company, for million, of which million was paid in cash and million in million shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million, subject to meeting certain future earnings targets and continued employment, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Movers and Shakers and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment. The goodwill is fully deductible for income tax purposes. The purchase price accounting is not yet final as the Company may still make adjustments due to changes in post-closing adjustments. 
 On October 2, 2023, the Company acquired Left Field Labs LLC LFL ), a digital experience design and strategy company, for million, of which million was paid in cash and million in of Class A Common Stock, subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of million, subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of LFL and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment. The goodwill is fully deductible for income tax purposes. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash consideration, subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration, subject to continued employment, and meeting certain future earnings targets. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Tinsel and expected growth related to new customer relationships. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment. The goodwill is fully deductible for income tax purposes. 
 On April 25, 2023, the Company acquired Huskies, Ltd. Huskies ), for million (approximately million) of cash consideration, of which million (approximately million) is deferred, subject to post-closing adjustments. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Huskies and expected growth related to new customer relationships and geographic expansion. Goodwill of million was assigned to the Brand Performance Network reportable segment. The goodwill is non-deductible for income tax purposes. 
 2023 Dispositions 
 On October 31, 2023, the Company sold ConcentricLife Concentric ), which was included in Integrated Agencies Network, to a strategic buyer for million in cash resulting in a pre-tax gain of million. The gain was recognized within Gain on sale of business within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The divestiture did not represent a strategic shift that would have a major effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations, and therefore its results of operations were not reported as discontinued operations. 
 
 Creativity and Communications All segments Performance Media and Data Integrated Agencies Network and Brand Performance Network Consumer Insights and Strategy Integrated Agencies Network Stagwell Marketing Cloud Group All segments 
 Stagwell s Brands are located in the United States, the United Kingdom, and more than other countries around the world. The Company continues to expand its global footprint to support clients in international markets. Historically, some clients have responded to weakening economic conditions with reductions to their marketing budgets, which included discretionary components that are easier to reduce in the short term than other operating expenses. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 United Kingdom All Other All 
 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 Contract assets consist of fees and reimbursable outside vendor costs incurred on behalf of clients when providing advertising, marketing and corporate communications services that have not yet been invoiced to clients. Such amounts are invoiced to clients at various times over the course of providing services. In arrangements in which we are acting as principal, contract assets are included as a component of Accounts receivable on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In arrangements in which we are acting as agent, contract assets are included on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as Expenditures billable to clients. These assets were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Contract liabilities represent advanced billings to customers for fees and reimbursements of third-party costs, whether we act as principal or agent. Such fees and reimbursements of third-party costs are classified as Advance billings on the Company s Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet. In arrangements in which we are acting as an agent, the recognition related to the contract liability is presented on a net basis within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. Advance billings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. The change in Advance billings of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by million of revenue recognized that was included in the Advance billings balances as of December 31, 2023, the incurrence of third-party costs, and cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations. 
 The Company acquired million in contact assets and million in contact liabilities in connection with the acquisition of Epiphany. See Note 3 of the Notes included herein for additional information related to this acquisition. 
 Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were not materially impacted by write offs, impairment losses or any other factors. 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 million of unsatisfied performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 of which we expect to recognize approximately in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027 . 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders ) Net income attributable to other equity interest holders 
 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders Denominator: Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Earnings Per Share - Basic Earnings Per Share - Diluted Numerator: Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders Denominator: Basic - Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Dilutive shares: Restricted share and restricted unit awards Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares Dilutive - Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Earnings Per Share - Diluted Anti-dilutive: Class C Shares Class A Shares to settle deferred acquisition obligations 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders ) Net income attributable to other equity interest holders ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 ) Denominator: Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 
 Anti-dilutive: Class C Shares Stock Appreciation Rights and Restricted Awards Class A Shares to settle deferred acquisition obligations 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders ) Net income attributable to other equity interest holders ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders Denominator: Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Earnings Per Share - Basic Earnings Per Share - Diluted Numerator: Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders Net income attributable to Class C shareholders Denominator: Basic - Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Dilutive shares: Stock appreciation rights Restricted share and restricted unit awards Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares Class A shares Class C shares Diluted - Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Earnings Per Share - Diluted Anti-dilutive: Class A Shares to settle deferred acquisition obligations 

21 

Table of Contents Net loss attributable to Class C shareholders Net loss attributable to other equity interest holders Net loss attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 ) Denominator: Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Loss Per Share - Basic ) Loss Per Share - Diluted Numerator: Net loss attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 ) Net loss attributable to Class C shareholders ) ) Denominator: Basic - Weighted Average number of common shares outstanding Dilutive shares: Class C shares Diluted - Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Loss Per Share - Diluted ) Anti-dilutive: Stock Appreciation Rights and Restricted Awards Class A Shares to settle deferred acquisition obligations 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares 
 
 Restricted stock awards of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per common share because the performance contingencies necessary for vesting were not met as of the reporting date. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Payments (1) 
 ) ) Adjustments to deferred acquisition consideration (2) 
 Additions (3) 
 Currency translation adjustment Other Ending balance (4) 
 
 (1) Includes deferred acquisition consideration payments settled in shares of Class A Common Stock of million and million, respectively, for the period ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 (2) Adjustments to deferred acquisition consideration contains fair value changes from the Company s initial estimates of deferred acquisition payments and accretion of expense as awards are earned over the vesting period. 
 (3) Additions of million in 2023, represents a reclassification from redeemable noncontrolling interest to deferred acquisition consideration. Specifically, in 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the remaining interest in Targeted Victory it did not previously own. The agreement provided for the purchase of of the interest on October 1, 2021 (paid in October 2023) and on July 31, 2023 (payable in October 2025 with a seller s right to modify the performance period and defer payment until October 2027). In connection with the purchase, the estimated amount payable in October 2025, was reclassified from redeemable noncontrolling interest to deferred acquisition consideration in 2023. 
 
 million and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. The deferred acquisition consideration as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes million and million, respectively, expected to be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 operating lease for which the commencement date had not yet occurred primarily because of the premises being prepared for occupancy by the landlord. Accordingly, this lease 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 The discount rate used for leases accounted for under ASC 842 is the Company s collateralized credit adjusted borrowing rate. 
 Variable lease cost Sublease rental income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost Additional information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for operating leases Operating cash flows Right-of-use lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities and other non-cash adjustments (1) 
 
 (1) Includes Right-of-use lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities related to acquisitions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and the weighted average discount rate was . 
 Operating lease expense is included in Office and general expenses in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s lease expense for leases with a term of 12 months or less is immaterial. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company ceased using certain office space and as such recognized a charge of million to reduce the carrying value of two of its right-of-use lease assets and related leasehold improvements. The right-of-use lease assets and related leasehold improvements were related to an agency within the Integrated Agencies Network and to Corporate. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a charge of million to reduce the carrying value of two of its right-of-use assets and related leasehold improvements. The right-of-use lease assets were related to agencies within the Integrated Agencies Network. 
 With regard to the aforementioned impairments, the Company evaluated the facts and circumstances related to the use of the assets which indicated that they may not be recoverable. Using sublease income to develop expected future cash flows, it was determined that the fair value of the assets were less than their carrying value. The impairment charge is included in Impairment and other losses within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) Lease liability 
 
 Notes 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) 5.625 Notes, net of debt issuance costs 
 Total long-term debt 
 Interest expense related to long-term debt included in Interest expense, net on the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 The amortization of debt issuance costs included in Interest expense, net on the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 The Company is party to a senior secured revolving credit facility with a maturity with a syndicate of banks (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides revolving commitments of up to million and permits restricted payments for share repurchases or redemptions from certain of its stockholders in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. 
 The Credit Agreement contains a number of financial and nonfinancial covenants and is guaranteed by substantially all of our present and future subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 A portion of the Credit Agreement in an amount not to exceed million is available for the issuance of standby letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had issued undrawn outstanding letters of credit of million and million, respectively. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Company had billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes Notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The Notes are due August 15, 2029 and bear annual interest of to be paid semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. 
 The Notes are also subject to certain covenants, customary events of default, including cross-payment default and cross-acceleration provisions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ) Net income attributable to other equity interest holders 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) 
 The following table presents noncontrolling interests between Class C shareholders and other equity interest holders as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Noncontrolling interest of Class C shareholders Noncontrolling interest of other equity interest holders (1) 
 Total noncontrolling interests 
 (1) In January 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the remaining noncontrolling ownership interest in a subsidiary it previously controlled, the consideration for which was a portion of the subsidiary that was transferred to the noncontrolling interest owner. The non-cash purchase resulted in a reduction of the subsidiary noncontrolling interest by approximately million. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Redemptions (1) 
 ) Distributions ) ) Changes in redemption value (2) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) Redemptions for the year ended December 31, 2023, is associated with redeemable noncontrolling interest of a certain brand we did not previously own. The amount was reclassified as a deferred acquisition contingent obligation (see Note 6). 
 
 (2) Changes in redemption value are the fair value changes from the acquisition date redemption value based on the options held by the minority interest holders, adjusted through Retained earnings. 
 
 The noncontrolling shareholders ability to exercise any such option right is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including conditions requiring notice in advance of exercise and specific employment termination conditions. In addition, these rights cannot be exercised prior to specified staggered exercise dates. The exercise of these rights at their earliest contractual date would result in obligations of the Company to fund the related amounts during 2024 to 2028. It is not determinable, at this time, if or when the owners of these rights will exercise all or a portion of these rights. 
 These adjustments will not impact the calculation of earnings (loss) per share if the redemption values are less than the estimated fair values. As such, there is no related impact on the Company s earnings (loss) per share calculations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests was million, which consists of million of net income and million of other comprehensive income. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests was million, which consists of million of net income and million of other comprehensive loss. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests was million, which consists of million of net income and million of other comprehensive loss. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests was million, which consists of million of net loss and million of other comprehensive loss. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million of undrawn letters of credit outstanding. See Note 8 of the Notes included herein for additional information. 
 The Company entered into operating lease for which the commencement date has not yet occurred as of September 30, 2024. See Note 7 of the Notes included herein for additional information. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may enter into long-term, non-cancellable contracts with partner associations that include revenue or profit-sharing commitments related to the provision of its services. These contracts may also include provisions that require the partner associations to meet certain performance targets prior to any obligation to the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates its future minimum commitments under these non-cancellable agreements to be: million for the remainder of 2024, and million, million, million, million and million for 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, and thereafter, respectively. 
 The Company has also entered into a certain long-term, non-cancellable contract with a certain vendor for cloud services that requires the Company to commit to minimum spending over the contract term. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates its future minimum commitments under this agreement to be: million for the remainder of 2024, and million, million, million, million and million for 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, and thereafter, respectively. 
 million for the remainder of 2024 and million, million and million for 2025, 2026, and 2027, respectively. 
 
 billion shares of Class A Common Stock authorized, of which million shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. Each share of Class A Common Stock carries vote and represents an economic interest in the Company. 
 Class C Common Stock 
 There are million authorized shares of Class C common stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Class C Common Stock of which million shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. Each share of Class C Common Stock carries one vote and does not represent an economic interest in the Company. Each share of Class C Common Stock is paired with a corresponding common unit of Stagwell Global LLC OpCo ), the Company s only operating subsidiary (each such paired share of Class C Common Stock and common unit of OpCo, a Paired Unit ). Each holder of Paired Units may, at its option, exchange such Paired Units for shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-to-one basis (i.e., one Paired Unit for one share of Class A Common Stock). 
 Class A Common Stock Repurchases 
 The Company may purchase shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock under its Repurchase Program. See Note 1 for information regarding the Board s authorization to extend and increase the size of share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. 
 Under the Repurchase Program, share repurchases may be made at our discretion from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, including through trading plans that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in privately negotiated transactions, or through other means. The timing and number of shares repurchased under the Repurchase Program will depend on a variety of factors, including the performance of our stock price, general market and economic conditions, regulatory requirements, the availability of funds, and other considerations we deem relevant. The Repurchase Program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Our Board of Directors (the Board will review the Repurchase Program periodically and may authorize adjustments of its terms. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million shares of Class A Common Stock were repurchased pursuant to the Repurchase Program at an average price of per share, for an aggregate value, excluding fees, of million. The repurchased shares included million shares of Class A Common Stock repurchased from certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. at a price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 A total of million shares of Class A Common Stock are reserved for sale under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP to eligible employees as defined in the plan. Under the ESPP, eligible employees can elect to withhold up to of their earnings, subject to certain maximums, to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock on certain plan-defined dates. The purchase price for each offering period is 92.5 of the fair market value of shares of Class A Common Stock at the end of the offering period. The plan is considered compensatory resulting in the fair value of the discount being expensed over the service period. 
 million as of September 30, 2024. 

The fair value of this instrument is based on quoted market prices in markets that are not active. Therefore, this debt is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Contingent deferred acquisition consideration (Level 3 fair value measurement) is initially recorded at the acquisition date fair value and adjusted at each reporting period. The estimated liability is determined in accordance with models of each business future performance, including revenue growth and free cash flows. These models are dependent upon significant assumptions, such as the growth rate of the earnings of the relevant subsidiary during the contractual period and the discount rate. These growth rates are consistent with the Company s long-term forecasts. As of September 30, 2024, the discount rate used to measure these liabilities ranged from to . 
 As these estimates require the use of assumptions about future performance, which are uncertain at the time of estimation, the fair value measurements presented on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet are subject to material uncertainty. 
 See Note 6 of the Notes included herein for additional information regarding contingent deferred acquisition consideration. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the Company s financial instruments, including cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximated fair value because of their short-term maturity. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. This was included as a component of stock-based compensation in Office and general expenses and Cost of services within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries grant awards to their employees providing them with an equity interest in the respective subsidiary (the profits interests awards ). The awards generally provide the employee the right, but not the obligation, to sell their profits interest in the subsidiary to the Company based on a performance-based formula and, in certain cases, receive a profit share distribution. The profits interests awards are primarily settled in cash, with certain awards having stock-settlement provisions at the Company s discretion. The corresponding liability associated with these profits interests awards was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included as a component of Accruals and other liabilities on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in the fair value of these awards resulted in an increase in stock-based compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of million and million, respectively. The change in fair value of these awards resulted in a decrease in stock-based compensation for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of million and an increase in stock-based compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of million. This was included as a component of stock-based compensation in Cost of services within the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Transfer of Accounts Receivable 
 The Company transfers certain of its trade receivable assets to third parties under certain agreements. Per the terms of these agreements, the Company surrenders control over its trade receivables upon transfer. 
 The trade receivables transferred to the third parties were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The amount collected and due to the third parties under these arrangements was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. Fees for these arrangements were recorded in Office and general expenses in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million (on a pre-tax income of million resulting in an effective tax rate of compared to income tax expense of million (on pre-tax income of million resulting in an effective tax rate of for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The difference in the effective tax rate of in the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to in the three months ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to an increase in tax benefit from the disregarded entity structure which is partially offset by a reduction in tax benefits recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The Company had an income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of million (on a pre-tax income of million resulting in an effective tax rate of compared to income tax expense of million (on pre-tax income of million resulting in an effective tax rate of for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The difference in the effective tax rate of in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to the small pre-tax income in 2023 as compared to 2024 as well as an increase in the tax benefit of the disregarded entity structure and a reduction in tax expense for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by an increase in current losses subject to valuation allowance, a reduction in tax benefits for share based compensation, and a reduction in tax benefits recognized with respect to lease impairments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

million, and an associated deferred tax asset, net of amortization, of million, in connection with the exchange of Paired Units and the projected obligations under the TRA . 

Marketing and advertising services (2) 
 and Continuous (7) 
 Marketing and website development services (3) 
 and Continuous (7) 
 Polling services (4) 
 
 Polling and public relation services (5) 
 
 Polling services (6) 
 4,431 
 90 1,046 Marketing and advertising services (6) 
 
 Total 
 (1) A member of the Company s Board was the President of a client. This person retired from his position, and is no longer an employee of the client effective January 2, 2024. 
 (2) Brands partners and executives either hold a key leadership position in or are on the board of directors of the client. 
 (3) Client has a significant interest in the Company. 
 (4) A family member of the Company s Chief Executive Officer holds a key leadership position in the client. 
 (5) A family member of the Company s President holds a key leadership position in the client. 
 (6) Founder of the client has significant interest in the Company. 
 (7) Certain of the contractual arrangements within these transactions were entered into for an indefinite term and are invoiced as services are provided, while others have a fixed definitive contract value. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million and million due from the third party is included within Other current assets in the Company s Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 and Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized less than million of interest income for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million of interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The interest income was included within Interest expense, net on the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, in 2021, the Brand entered into an arrangement to obtain sales and management services from the same third party. Under the arrangement, the Brand has incurred million and million of related party expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, was due to the third party. 
 In 2018, a Brand entered into an agreement to provide marketing and advertising services to a related party whose partners hold executive leadership positions in the Brand. Under the arrangement, the Brand recognized million and million of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. No revenue was due from the related party as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, on behalf of the related party, the Brand serves as an agent to transfer funds from one of the related party s customers to the related party. The Brand does not receive revenue from this arrangement. No funds were due to the related party as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, 0.7 million was due to the related party. 
 million, together with interest on the unpaid principal balance at a fixed interest rate equal to per annum, compounding quarterly. The cash from the loan was used by the employees to purchase the noncontrolling interest of 13.3 in TMA Direct. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, was due from the related parties and included in Other assets in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 reportable segments as follows: Integrated Agencies Network, Brand Performance Network and the Communications Network. In addition, the Company combines and discloses operating segments that do not meet the aggregation criteria, and includes the elimination of certain intercompany services, as All Other. This segment also includes the elimination of intercompany revenue. The Company also reports corporate expenses, as further detailed below, as Corporate. All segments follow the same basis of presentation and accounting policies as those described throughout the Notes included herein. 
 The Integrated Agencies Network includes five operating segments: the Anomaly Alliance, Constellation, the Doner Partner Network, Code and Theory, and National Research Group. The operating segments offer an array of complementary services spanning our core capabilities of Digital Transformation, Performance Media Data, Consumer Insights Strategy, Stagwell Marketing Cloud Group and Creativity Communications. The Brands included in the operating segments that comprise the Integrated Agencies Network reportable segment are as follows: Anomaly Alliance (Anomaly), Constellation (72andSunny, Crispin LLC, Colle McVoy, Hunter, Redscout, Team Enterprises, Harris Insights, Movers and Shakers, and Team Epiphany), the Doner Partner Network (Doner, KWT 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 33 

Table of Contents 

 Brand Performance Network Communications Network All Other Total Revenue Adjusted EBITDA: Integrated Agencies Network Brand Performance Network Communications Network All Other ) ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDA Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Impairment and other losses ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Deferred acquisition consideration ) ) ) ) Other items, net ) ) ) ) Total Operating Income 
 Other Income (expenses): Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange, net ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates 
 Income tax expense Income (loss) before equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates ) Equity in income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders ) ) 
 
 The Company s long-lived assets (i.e., Right-of-use-lease assets-operating leases and Fixed asset, net) was million million in the United States and million in all other countries) as of September 30, 2024 and million million in the United States and million in all other countries) as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company s CODM does not use segment assets to allocate resources or to assess performance of the segments and therefore, total segment assets have not been disclosed. 
 See Note 4 of the Notes included herein for a summary of the Company s revenue by geographic region for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ) Loss before equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net loss attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 ) ) Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Basic 
 ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss for the period 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders ) ) 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Th e following discussion and analysis are based on and should be read in conjunction with our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained and referenced under the captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis also include a discussion of certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this section and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures are below. 
 In this section, the terms Stagwell, we, us, our and the Company refer to Stagwell Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. References to a fiscal year mean the Company s year commencing on January 1 of that year and ending December 31 of that year (e.g., fiscal 2024 means the period beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024). 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Overview 
 Stagwell conducts its business through its networks, which provide marketing and business solutions that realize the potential of combining data and creativity. Stagwell s strategy is to build, grow and acquire market-leading businesses that deliver the modern suite of services that marketers need to thrive in a rapidly evolving business environment. Stagwell s differentiation lies in its creative roots and proven entrepreneurial leaders, which together with innovations in technology and data, bring transformational marketing, activation, communications and strategic consulting services to clients. Stagwell leverages its range of services in an integrated manner, offering strategic, creative and innovative solutions that are 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 technologically forward and media-agnostic. The Company s strategy is intended to challenge the industry status quo, realize returns on investment, and drive transformative growth and business performance for its clients and stakeholders. 
 Stagwell manages its business by monitoring several financial and non-financial performance indicators. The key indicators that we focus on are revenue, operating expenses, capital expenditures and the non-GAAP financial measures described below. Revenue growth is analyzed by reviewing a mix of measurements, including (i) growth by major geographic location, (ii) growth from existing clients and the addition of new clients, (iii) growth by principal capability, (iv) growth from currency changes, and (v) growth from acquisitions. In addition to monitoring the foregoing financial indicators, the Company assesses and monitors several non-financial performance indicators relating to the business performance of our networks. These indicators may include a network s recent new client win/loss record; the depth and scope of a pipeline of potential new client account activity; the overall quality of the services provided to clients; and the relative strength of the network s next generation team that is in place as part of a potential succession plan to succeed the current senior executive team. 
 Revision of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements 
 In connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements during 2023, the Company identified errors in the areas of income taxes, noncontrolling interests, and accumulated other comprehensive loss related to its previously filed 2022 financial statements. The Company revised the 2022 annual financial statements in its 2023 Form 10-K. See Notes 1, 21 and 22 of the Notes in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information regarding the correction of the errors. See Notes 1 and 17 of the Notes included herein for information regarding the revisions made to the previously issued unaudited financial statements for the second quarter of 2023. 
 Recent Developments 
 On November 6, 2024, the Board authorized an extension and a 125.0 million increase in the size of our previously approved stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, as amended, we may repurchase up to an aggregate of 375.0 million of shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share Class A Common Stock ), with any previous purchases under the Repurchase Program continuing to count against that limit. The Repurchase Program will expire on November 6, 2027. 
 
 On October 1, 2024, the Company acquired Consulum (Cayman) Limited Consulum ), a government advisory firm in the Middle East and North Africa MENA region that provides public relations management and media and marketing services, for 71.2 million, of which 58.3 million was paid in cash and 12.9 million in 1,810,274 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock subject to post-closing adjustments. In connection with the acquisition, the sellers are entitled to contingent consideration up to a maximum value of 90.0 million, partially subject to continued employment and meeting certain future earnings targets, of which a portion may be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company s discretion. Due to the timing of the closing of the acquisition and delivery of related data, there was insufficient time to incorporate additional disclosures related to the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Significant Factors Affecting our Business and Results of Operations 
 The most significant factors affecting our business and results of operations include national, regional, and local economic conditions, our clients profitability, mergers and acquisitions of our clients, changes in top management of our clients and our ability to retain and attract key employees. New business wins and client losses occur due to a variety of factors. The two most significant factors are (i) our clients desire to change marketing communication firms, and (ii) the digital and data-driven products that our portfolio of marketing services firms, which we refer to as Brands, offer. A client may choose to change marketing communication firms for several reasons, such as a change in leadership where new management wants to retain a Brand that it may have previously worked with. In addition, if the client is merged or acquired by another company, the marketing communication firm is often changed. Clients also change firms as a result of the firm s failure to meet marketing performance targets or other expectations in client service delivery. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, we typically generate the highest quarterly revenue during the fourth quarter in each year. In addition, within our Communications Network, client concentration increases during election years due to the cyclical nature of our advocacy Brands. The highest volumes of retail related consumer marketing increase with the back-to-school season through the end of the holiday season. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). In addition, the Company has included non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, which management uses to operate the business, which it believes provide useful supplemental information to both management and readers of this report in making period-to-period comparisons in measuring the financial performance and financial condition of the Company. These 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 measures do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and should not be construed as an alternative to other titled measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures included are net revenue, organic net revenue growth (decline), Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Diluted EPS. 
 Net revenue refers to revenue excluding billable costs. The Company believes billable costs and their fluctuations are not indicative of the operating performance of its underlying business. 
 Organic net revenue growth (decline) reflects the year-over-year change in the Company s reported net revenue attributable to the Company s management of the entities it owns. We calculate organic net revenue growth (decline) by subtracting the net impact of acquisitions (divestitures) and the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations from the aggregate year-over-year increase or decrease in the Company s reported net revenue. 
 The net impact of acquisitions (divestitures) reflects the year-over-year change in the Company s reported net revenue attributable to the impact of all individual entities that were acquired or divested in the current and prior year. We calculate impact of an acquisition as follows: (a) for an entity acquired during the current year, we present the entity s prior year net revenue for the same period during which we owned it in the current year as impact of the acquisition in the current year; and (b) for an entity acquired in the prior year, we present the entity s prior year net revenue for the period during which we did not own the entity in the prior year as impact of the acquisition in the current year. We calculate impact of a divestiture as follows: (a) for a divestiture in the current year, we present the entity s prior year net revenue for the same period during which we no longer owned it in the current year as impact of the divestiture in the current year; and (b) for a divestiture in the prior year, we present the entity s prior year net revenue for the period during which we owned it in the prior year as impact of the divestiture in the current year. We calculate the impact of any acquisition or divestiture without adjusting for foreign currency exchange fluctuations. 
 
 The impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations reflects the year-over-year change in the Company s reported net revenue attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We calculate the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations for the portion of the reporting period in which we recognized revenue from a foreign entity in both the current year and the prior year. The impact is calculated as the difference between (1) reported prior period net revenue (converted to U.S. dollars at historical foreign currency exchange rates) and (2) prior period net revenue converted to U.S. dollars at current period foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders excluding non-operating income or expense to achieve operating income (loss), plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred acquisition consideration adjustments, and other items. Other items include restructuring costs, acquisition-related expenses, and non-recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA for our reportable segments is reconciled to Operating Income (Loss), as Net Income (Loss) is not a relevant reportable segment financial metric. 
 Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as (i) Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders, plus net income (loss) attributable to Class C shareholders, excluding the impact of amortization expense, impairment and other losses, stock-based compensation, deferred acquisition consideration adjustments, discrete tax items, and other items, based on total consolidated amounts, then allocated to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders and Class C shareholders, based on their respective income allocation percentage using a normalized effective income tax rate divided by (ii) (a) the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus (b) the weighted average number of shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding. Other items include restructuring costs, acquisition-related expenses, and non-recurring items. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding include shares of Class C Common Stock as if converted to shares of Class A Common Stock to calculate Adjusted Diluted EPS. 
 All amounts are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. Amounts reported in millions herein are computed based on the amounts in thousands. As a result, the sum of the components, and related calculations, reported in millions may not equal the total amounts due to rounding. 
 The percentage changes included in the tables in Item 2 herein that are not considered meaningful are presented as NM. 
 Segments 
 The Company determines an operating segment if a component (i) engages in business activities from which it earns revenues and incurs expenses, (ii) has discrete financial information, and is (iii) regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), who is Mark Penn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, to make decisions regarding resource allocation for the segment and assess its performance. Once operating segments are identified, the Company performs an analysis to determine if aggregation of operating segments is applicable. This determination is based upon a quantitative analysis of the expected and historic average long-term profitability for each operating segment, together with a qualitative assessment to determine if operating segments have similar operating characteristics. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The CODM uses Adjusted EBITDA as a key metric, to evaluate the operating and financial performance of a segment, identify trends affecting the segments, develop projections and make strategic business decisions. 
 The Company made changes to its internal management and reporting structure in the first quarter of 2024, resulting in a change to its reportable segments (Networks). Specifically, certain agencies previously within the Brand Performance Network are now in the Integrated Agencies Network. Periods presented prior to the first quarter of 2024 have been recast to reflect the reclassification of certain reporting units (Brands) between operating segments. 
 
 The Company has three reportable segments as follows: Integrated Agencies Network, Brand Performance Network and the Communications Network. In addition, the Company combines and discloses operating segments that do not meet the aggregation criteria, and includes the elimination of certain intercompany services, as All Other. The Company also reports corporate expenses, as further detailed below, as Corporate. All segments follow the same basis of presentation and accounting policies as those described throughout the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included herein and in Note 2 of the Company s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 In addition, Stagwell reports its corporate office expenses incurred in connection with the strategic resources provided to the networks, as well as certain other centrally managed expenses that are not fully allocated to the operating segments as Corporate. Corporate provides client and business development support to the networks as well as certain strategic resources, including accounting, administrative, financial, real estate, human resource and legal functions. 
 The following discussion focuses on the operating performance of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2024. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Integrated Agencies Network 389,668 358,069 1,127,520 1,064,909 Brand Performance Network 172,349 164,073 563,556 542,734 Communications Network 135,980 82,505 335,296 230,261 All Other 13,284 12,926 26,136 34,378 Total Revenue 711,281 617,573 2,052,508 1,872,282 Operating Income 41,779 33,742 89,540 71,237 Other Income (Expenses): Interest expense, net (23,781) (25,886) (68,279) (67,755) Foreign exchange, net 1,312 (140) (2,301) (2,288) Other, net 
 249 (271) (825) (467) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates 
 19,559 7,445 18,135 727 Income tax expense 5,691 4,324 9,441 4,997 Income (loss) before equity in earnings of non-consolidated affiliates 13,868 3,121 8,694 (4,270) Equity in income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates 
 (4) (4) 503 (447) Net income (loss) 13,864 3,117 9,197 (4,717) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests (10,593) (2,464) (10,173) 3,565 Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 3,271 653 (976) (1,152) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 3,271 653 (976) (1,152) Non-operating items (1) 
 38,508 33,089 90,516 72,389 Operating income 41,779 33,742 89,540 71,237 Depreciation and amortization 36,044 38,830 112,881 107,795 Impairment and other losses 1,715 10,562 Stock-based compensation 16,935 12,065 38,926 34,615 Deferred acquisition consideration 560 6,401 7,950 10,881 Other items, net 15,851 10,731 36,576 30,069 Adjusted EBITDA 111,169 101,769 287,588 265,159 (1) Non-operating items includes items within the Statements of Operations, below Operating Income, and above Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED TO THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 711,281 617,573 93,708 15.2 Operating Expenses Cost of services 457,018 384,980 72,038 18.7 Office and general expenses 176,440 160,021 16,419 10.3 Depreciation and amortization 36,044 38,830 (2,786) (7.2) 669,502 583,831 85,671 14.7 Operating Income 41,779 33,742 8,037 23.8 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 580,193 534,864 45,329 8.5 Billable costs 131,088 82,709 48,379 58.5 Revenue 711,281 617,573 93,708 15.2 Billable costs 131,088 82,709 48,379 58.5 Staff costs 361,979 338,914 23,065 6.8 Administrative costs 69,556 62,339 7,217 11.6 Unbillable and other costs, net 37,489 31,842 5,647 17.7 Adjusted EBITDA 111,169 101,769 9,400 9.2 Stock-based compensation 16,935 12,065 4,870 40.4 Depreciation and amortization 36,044 38,830 (2,786) (7.2) Deferred acquisition consideration 560 6,401 (5,841) (91.3) Other items, net 15,851 10,731 5,120 47.7 Operating Income (1) 
 41,779 33,742 8,037 23.8 (1) See the Results of Operations section above for a reconciliation of Operating Income to Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders. 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 711.3 million, compared to 617.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 93.7 million. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Integrated Agencies Network 306,327 217 906 16,294 17,417 323,744 5.3 5.7 Brand Performance Network 153,169 767 2,984 3,751 156,920 1.9 2.4 Communications Network 62,416 79 2,970 20,755 23,804 86,220 33.3 38.1 All Other 12,952 (253) (263) 873 357 13,309 6.7 2.8 534,864 810 3,613 40,906 45,329 580,193 7.6 8.5 Component change 0.2 0.7 7.6 8.5 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, organic net revenue increased 40.9 million, or 7.6 . The increase was primarily attributable to new wins in the technology and retail sectors, as well as new wins and increased revenue in the public affairs sector driven by the ongoing election year. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in client spending due to budget cuts in the food and beverage sectors. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was impacted by acquisitions and dispositions, including the acquisitions of Team Epiphany, LLC Epiphany ), Movers and Shakers LLC Movers and Shakers ), PROS Agency PROS and Left Field Labs LLC Left Field Labs ), partially offset by the sale of ConcentricLife Concentric in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 The geographic mix in net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) United States 469,092 426,422 United Kingdom 39,854 42,114 Other 71,247 66,328 Total 580,193 534,864 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 41.8 million, compared to Operating Income of 33.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 8.0 million. The change in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services and Office and general expenses. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher billable and staff costs, commensurate with the increase in revenues as well as the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, and higher stock-based compensation. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in staff costs and acquisition related expenses, partially offset by a decrease in deferred acquisition consideration expense. 
 Stock-based compensation increased 4.9 million, primarily due to an increase in the fair value and number of awards. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration decreased 5.8 million, primarily attributable to a reduction in the fair value of the deferred acquisition consideration liability associated with certain Brands in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.8 million, primarily attributable to the acceleration of amortization of certain tradenames in the third quarter of 2023. As a result, amortization expense of 4.3 million was recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing the remaining amortization expense associated with these tradenames. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 23.8 million, compared to 25.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2.1 million, primarily attributable to lower levels of debt outstanding under the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), and a lower interest rate on amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 Foreign Exchange, Net 
 The foreign exchange gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.3 million, compared to a loss of 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the movement in the British Pound. 
 Other, Net 
 Other, net, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was income of 0.2 million, compared to an expense of 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a change of 0.5 million. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company had an income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 5.7 million (on a pre-tax income of 19.6 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 29.1 ), compared to income tax expense of 4.3 million (on pre-tax income of 7.4 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 58.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The difference in the effective tax rate of 29.1 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 58.1 in the three months ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to an increase in tax benefit from the disregarded entity structure which is partially offset by a reduction in tax benefits recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Noncontrolling and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 The effect of noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was income of 10.6 million, compared to income of 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The amounts are driven by the mix of income and loss derived from entities not entirely owned by the Company. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Stagwell Inc. Common Shareholders 
 As a result of the foregoing, net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.3 million, compared to net income of 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 GAAP Adjustments (1) 
 Non-GAAP (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 3,271 19,762 23,033 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 36,060 36,060 Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. and Class C shareholders and adjusted net income 3,271 55,822 59,093 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 112,190 1,497 113,687 Weighted average number of common Class C shares outstanding 151,649 151,649 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 112,190 153,146 265,336 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 0.03 0.22 Adjustments to Net income (1) 
 Amortization 
 28,659 Stock-based compensation 16,935 Deferred acquisition consideration 560 Other items, net 15,851 62,005 Adjusted tax expense 
 (15,615) 46,390 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 9,432 55,822 Allocation of adjustments to Net income Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders - add-backs 
 19,762 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders - add-backs 
 26,628 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 9,432 36,060 55,822 
 (1) Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined and discussed within the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of the Executive Summary. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 GAAP Adjustments (1) 
 Non-GAAP (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 653 20,844 21,497 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 33 26,530 26,563 Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. and Class C and adjusted net income 686 47,374 48,060 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 113,357 5,663 119,020 Weighted average number of common Class C shares outstanding 151,649 151,649 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 265,006 5,663 270,669 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS 0.18 Adjustments to Net income (1) 
 Amortization 
 31,182 Stock-based compensation 12,065 Deferred acquisition consideration 6,401 Other items, net 10,731 60,379 Adjusted tax expense 
 (13,005) 47,374 
 (1) Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined and discussed within the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of the Executive Summary. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 111.2 million, compared to 101.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 9.4 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in expenses, as discussed above. 
 
 Integrated Agencies Network 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 389,668 358,069 31,599 8.8 Operating Expenses Cost of services 258,071 228,000 30,071 13.2 Office and general expenses 69,469 67,048 2,421 3.6 Depreciation and amortization 19,878 22,817 (2,939) (12.9) 347,418 317,865 29,553 9.3 Operating Income 42,250 40,204 2,046 5.1 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 323,744 306,327 17,417 5.7 Billable costs 65,924 51,742 14,182 27.4 Revenue 389,668 358,069 31,599 8.8 Billable costs 65,924 51,742 14,182 27.4 Staff costs 198,252 185,034 13,218 7.1 Administrative costs 31,593 30,983 610 2.0 Unbillable and other costs, net 15,993 14,173 1,820 12.8 Adjusted EBITDA 77,906 76,137 1,769 2.3 Stock-based compensation 11,000 6,051 4,949 81.8 Depreciation and amortization 19,878 22,817 (2,939) (12.9) Deferred acquisition consideration 1,114 1,018 96 9.4 Other items, net 3,664 6,047 (2,383) (39.4) Operating Income 42,250 40,204 2,046 5.1 ` 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 389.7 million, compared to 358.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 31.6 million. 
 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Integrated Agencies Network 306,327 217 906 16,294 17,417 323,744 5.3 5.7 Component change 0.1 0.3 5.3 5.7 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new client wins and increased spending in the technology and retail sectors, partially offset by lower spending due to budget cuts by large clients in the food and beverage and business services sectors. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was primarily driven by acquisitions and dispositions, including the acquisitions of Epiphany, Movers and Shakers and Left Field Labs, partially offset by the sale of Concentric in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 42.3 million, compared to 40.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 2.0 million, primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services and Office and general expenses. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher billable and staff costs, commensurate with the increase in revenues as well as the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, and an increase in stock-based compensation. 
 Stock-based compensation increased 4.9 million, primarily due to an increase in the fair value, partially offset by a decrease in the number of shares being expensed. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 1.8 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in expenses, as discussed above. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Brand Performance Network 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 172,349 164,073 8,276 5.0 Operating Expenses Cost of services 105,939 95,709 10,230 10.7 Office and general expenses 49,931 51,997 (2,066) (4.0) Depreciation and amortization 7,295 8,971 (1,676) (18.7) 163,165 156,677 6,488 4.1 Operating Income 9,184 7,396 1,788 24.2 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 156,920 153,169 3,751 2.4 Billable costs 15,429 10,904 4,525 41.5 Revenue 172,349 164,073 8,276 5.0 Billable costs 15,429 10,904 4,525 41.5 Staff costs 98,716 95,488 3,228 3.4 Administrative costs 22,600 20,580 2,020 9.8 Unbillable and other costs, net 16,498 12,868 3,630 28.2 Adjusted EBITDA 19,106 24,233 (5,127) (21.2) Stock-based compensation 1,500 2,399 (899) (37.5) Depreciation and amortization 7,295 8,971 (1,676) (18.7) Deferred acquisition consideration (6,949) 2,130 (9,079) NM Other items, net 8,076 3,337 4,739 NM Operating Income 9,184 7,396 1,788 24.2 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 172.3 million, compared to 164.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 8.3 million. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Brand Performance Network 153,169 767 2,984 3,751 156,920 1.9 2.4 Component change 0.5 1.9 2.4 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new clients and increased spending by existing clients in the business services, retail and consumer products sectors. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 9.2 million, compared to 7.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 1.8 million. The increase in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue and a decrease in Office and general expenses, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher billable and unbillable costs, commensurate with the increase in revenues. 
 The decrease in office and general expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in deferred acquisition consideration expense, partially offset by an increase in staff costs due to an increase in salaries. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration decreased 9.1 million, primarily attributable to a reduction in the fair value of the deferred acquisition consideration liability associated with certain Brands in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.1 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, more than offset by an increase in expenses, as discussed above. 
 
 Communications Network 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 135,980 82,505 53,475 64.8 Operating Expenses Cost of services 85,504 51,913 33,591 64.7 Office and general expenses 25,423 18,551 6,872 37.0 Depreciation and amortization 3,023 2,784 239 8.6 113,950 73,248 40,702 55.6 Operating Income 22,030 9,257 12,773 NM 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 86,220 62,416 23,804 38.1 Billable costs 49,760 20,089 29,671 NM Revenue 135,980 82,505 53,475 64.8 Billable costs 49,760 20,089 29,671 NM Staff costs 42,644 37,412 5,232 14.0 Administrative costs 9,034 7,626 1,408 18.5 Unbillable and other costs, net 424 84 340 NM Adjusted EBITDA 34,118 17,294 16,824 97.3 Stock-based compensation 855 1,252 (397) (31.7) Depreciation and amortization 3,023 2,784 239 8.6 Deferred acquisition consideration 6,778 3,757 3,021 80.4 Other items, net 1,432 244 1,188 NM Operating Income 22,030 9,257 12,773 NM 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 136.0 million, compared to 82.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 53.5 million. 
 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Communications Network 62,416 79 2,970 20,755 23,804 86,220 33.3 38.1 Component change 0.1 4.8 33.3 38.1 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new clients and increased spend in the retail and public affairs sectors as a result of the current political campaign year. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was primarily driven by the acquisition of PROS. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.0 million, compared to 9.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 12.8 million. The change in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in Costs of services and Office and general expenses. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher billable costs, commensurate with higher revenue. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in deferred acquisition consideration and staff costs due to the inclusion of costs from acquired entities as well as an increase in salaries and commissions. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration increased 3.0 million, primarily as a result of an increase in the fair value of a certain brand in the third quarter of 2024. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA increased 16.8 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in billable costs, as discussed above. 
 
 All Other 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 13,284 12,926 358 2.8 Operating Expenses Cost of services 7,485 9,203 (1,718) (18.7) Office and general expenses 10,343 7,784 2,559 32.9 Depreciation and amortization 2,573 2,138 435 20.3 20,401 19,125 1,276 6.7 Operating Loss (7,117) (6,199) (918) 14.8 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 13,309 12,952 357 2.8 Billable costs (25) (26) 1 (3.8) Revenue 13,284 12,926 358 2.8 Billable costs (25) (26) 1 (3.8) Staff costs 9,207 10,391 (1,184) (11.4) Administrative costs 3,978 1,849 2,129 NM Unbillable and other costs, net 4,574 4,717 (143) (3.0) Adjusted EBITDA (4,450) (4,005) (445) 11.1 Stock-based compensation 379 268 111 41.4 Depreciation and amortization 2,573 2,138 435 20.3 Deferred acquisition consideration (383) (504) 121 (24.0) Other items, net 98 292 (194) (66.4) Operating Loss (7,117) (6,199) (918) 14.8 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.3 million, compared to 12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.4 million. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) All Other 12,952 (253) (263) 873 357 13,309 6.7 2.8 Component change (2.0) (2.0) 6.7 2.8 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new wins and increased spend in the technology sector. 
 Operating Loss 
 Operating Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.1 million, compared to 6.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 0.9 million. The increase in Operating Loss was primarily attributable to an increase in Office and general expense, partially offset by a decrease in Cost of services. 
 The decrease in Cost of services was primarily attributable to a decrease in staff costs related to employees of a Brand that was derecognized in the first quarter of 2024. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to a reduction in bonus expenses in 2023 related to cost saving initiatives. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 0.4 million, primarily driven by an increase in Office and general expenses partially offset by a decrease in Cost of services, as discussed above. 
 
 Corporate 
 The components of operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Staff costs 13,160 10,589 2,571 24.3 Administrative costs 2,351 1,301 1,050 80.7 Adjusted EBITDA (15,511) (11,890) (3,621) 30.5 Stock-based compensation 3,201 2,095 1,106 52.8 Depreciation and amortization 3,275 2,120 1,155 54.5 Other items, net 2,581 811 1,770 NM Operating Loss (24,568) (16,916) (7,652) 45.2 
 Operating Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 24.6 million, compared to 16.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 7.7 million. The increase in Operating Loss was primarily attributable to higher Staff costs and Stock-based compensation. 
 Staff costs increased 2.6 million, primarily as a result of higher health insurance costs and a reduction in bonus expense in 2023 related to cost savings initiatives. 
 Stock-based compensation increased 1.1 million, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of awards, partially offset by a decrease in the number of shares being expensed. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED TO NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 2,052,508 1,872,282 180,226 9.6 Operating Expenses Cost of services 1,340,456 1,201,309 139,147 11.6 Office and general expenses 507,916 481,379 26,537 5.5 Depreciation and amortization 112,881 107,795 5,086 4.7 Impairment and other losses 1,715 10,562 (8,847) (83.8) 1,962,968 1,801,045 161,923 9.0 Operating Income 89,540 71,237 18,303 25.7 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 1,667,039 1,601,387 65,652 4.1 Billable costs 385,469 270,895 114,574 42.3 Revenue 2,052,508 1,872,282 180,226 9.6 Billable costs 385,469 270,895 114,574 42.3 Staff costs 1,059,485 1,034,645 24,840 2.4 Administrative costs 206,253 196,846 9,407 4.8 Unbillable and other costs, net 113,713 104,737 8,976 8.6 Adjusted EBITDA 287,588 265,159 22,429 8.5 Stock-based compensation 38,926 34,615 4,311 12.5 Depreciation and amortization 112,881 107,795 5,086 4.7 Deferred acquisition consideration 7,950 10,881 (2,931) (26.9) Impairment and other losses 1,715 10,562 (8,847) (83.8) Other items, net 36,576 30,069 6,507 21.6 Operating Income (1) 
 89,540 71,237 18,303 25.7 (1) See the Results of Operations section above for a reconciliation of Operating Income to Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders. 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2,052.5 million, compared to 1,872.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 180.2 million. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Integrated Agencies Network 930,660 200 2,408 5,118 7,726 938,386 0.5 0.8 Brand Performance Network 459,291 2,145 2,252 12,902 17,299 476,590 2.8 3.8 Communications Network 177,032 (70) 6,421 42,718 49,069 226,101 24.1 27.7 All Other 34,404 (822) (3,559) (4,061) (8,442) 25,962 (11.8) (24.5) 1,601,387 1,453 7,522 56,677 65,652 1,667,039 3.5 4.1 Component change 0.1 0.5 3.5 4.1 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, organic net revenue increased 56.7 million, or 3.5 . The increase was primarily attributable to new wins and increased spending by clients in the retail, and consumer products sectors. This increase was further driven by new wins and increased revenue in the public affairs sector as a result of the current political campaign year. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in client spending due to budget cuts in the business services and financial sectors. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was impacted by acquisitions and dispositions, including the acquisitions of Epiphany, Movers and Shakers and Left Field Labs, partially offset by the sale of Concentric in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 The geographic mix in net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) United States 1,350,022 1,290,132 United Kingdom 116,040 114,474 Other 200,977 196,781 Total 1,667,039 1,601,387 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 89.5 million, compared to 71.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 18.3 million. The change in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue and a decrease in Impairment and other losses, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services, Office and general expenses, and Depreciation and amortization. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher billable costs, unbillable costs and staff costs, commensurate with the increase in revenue as well as the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, and higher stock-based compensation. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in staff costs, commensurate with the increase in revenue as well as the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, partially offset by a decrease in deferred acquisition consideration. 
 Stock-based compensation increased 4.3 million, primarily due to an increase in the fair value and number of awards, partially offset by the reversal of expense in the second quarter of 2024 associated with stock-based performance awards for which the performance targets were not probable of being met. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred acquisition consideration decreased 2.9 million, primarily attributable to a reduction in the fair value of the deferred acquisition consideration liability associated with certain Brands and the earn out period of certain brands ending in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by acquisitions occurred in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the increase in the fair value of certain obligations. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 5.1 million, primarily attributable to the acceleration of amortization of certain tradenames during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as the Company ceased use of certain Brand names. 
 Impairment and other losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.7 million. This was attributable to a charge to reduce the carrying value of right-of-use lease assets and related leasehold improvements within the Integrated Agencies Network and Corporate. Impairment and other losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 10.6 million, primarily related to the impairment of right-of-use lease assets totaling 6.1 million and the associated leasehold improvements totaling 3.1 million. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 68.3 million, compared to 67.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.5 million, primarily attributable to higher levels of debt outstanding under the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), and a higher interest rate on amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 Foreign Exchange, Net 
 The foreign exchange loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.3 million, compared to a loss of 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the movement in the British Pound. 
 Other, Net 
 Other, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was an expense of 0.8 million, compared to an expense of 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company had an income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 9.4 million (on a pre-tax income of 18.1 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 52.1 ), compared to income tax expense of 5.0 million (on pre-tax income of 0.7 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 687.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The difference in the effective tax rate of 52.1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 687.3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to the small pre-tax income in 2023 as compared to 2024 as well as an increase in the tax benefit of the disregarded entity structure and a reduction in tax expense for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by an increase in current losses subject to valuation allowance, a reduction in tax benefits for share based compensation, and a reduction in tax benefits recognized with respect to lease impairments. 
 
 Noncontrolling and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 The effect of noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was income of 10.2 million, compared to a loss of 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The amounts are driven by the mix of income and loss derived from entities not entirely owned by the Company. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Stagwell Inc. Common Shareholders 
 As a result of the foregoing, net loss attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.0 million, compared to net loss of 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 GAAP Adjustments (1) 
 Non-GAAP (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 (976) 58,177 57,201 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 83,442 83,442 Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. and Class C and adjusted net income 
 (976) 141,619 140,643 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 111,436 5,780 117,216 Weighted average number of common Class C shares outstanding 151,649 151,649 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 111,436 157,429 268,865 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 (0.01) 0.52 Adjustments to Net Income (loss) (1) 
 Amortization 
 91,870 Impairment and other losses 1,715 Stock-based compensation 38,926 Deferred acquisition consideration 7,950 Other items, net 36,576 
 177,037 Adjusted tax expense 
 (41,268) 
 135,769 Net loss attributable to Class C shareholders 5,850 141,619 Allocation of adjustments to net income (loss) 1 
 Net income attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders - add-backs 58,177 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders - add-backs 77,592 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders 5,850 83,442 141,619 
 (1) Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined within the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of the Executive Summary. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 GAAP Adjustments (1) 
 Non-GAAP (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. common shareholders 
 (1,152) 57,927 56,775 Net income attributable to Class C shareholders (2,702) 73,725 71,023 Net income (loss) attributable to Stagwell Inc. and Class C and adjusted net income 
 (3,854) 131,652 127,798 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 118,772 10,736 129,508 Weighted average number of common Class C shares outstanding 156,092 156,092 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 274,864 10,736 285,600 Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS (0.01) 0.45 Adjustments to Net income (loss) (1) 
 Amortization 
 86,605 Impairment and other losses 10,562 Stock-based compensation 34,615 Deferred acquisition consideration 10,881 Other items, net 30,069 
 172,732 Adjusted tax expense 
 (41,080) 
 131,652 
 (1) Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined within the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of the Executive Summary. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 287.6 million, compared to 265.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 22.4 million, primarily driven by an increase in Operating Income, as discussed above. 
 
 Integrated Agencies Network 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 1,127,520 1,064,909 62,611 5.9 Operating Expenses Cost of services 754,510 688,878 65,632 9.5 Office and general expenses 211,065 202,339 8,726 4.3 Depreciation and amortization 58,731 62,277 (3,546) (5.7) Impairment and other losses 1,500 10,562 (9,062) (85.8) 1,025,806 964,056 61,750 6.4 Operating Income 101,714 100,853 861 0.9 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 938,386 930,660 7,726 0.8 Billable costs 189,134 134,249 54,885 40.9 Revenue 1,127,520 1,064,909 62,611 5.9 Billable costs 189,134 134,249 54,885 40.9 Staff costs 579,979 572,893 7,086 1.2 Administrative costs 96,097 93,000 3,097 3.3 Unbillable and other costs, net 56,301 53,665 2,636 4.9 Adjusted EBITDA 206,009 211,102 (5,093) (2.4) Stock-based compensation 25,170 15,470 9,700 62.7 Depreciation and amortization 58,731 62,277 (3,546) (5.7) Deferred acquisition consideration 5,690 8,118 (2,428) (29.9) Impairment and other losses 1,500 10,562 (9,062) (85.8) Other items, net 13,204 13,822 (618) (4.5) Operating Income 101,714 100,853 861 0.9 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,127.5 million, compared to 1,064.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 62.6 million. 
 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Integrated Agencies Network 930,660 200 2,408 5,118 7,726 938,386 0.5 0.8 Component change 0.3 0.5 0.8 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new client wins and higher spend in the technology and retail sectors, partially offset by budget cuts and client losses in the food and beverage, business services, and financial services sectors. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was primarily driven by the acquisitions of Epiphany, Movers and Shakers, Left Field Labs, PROS and Huskies, Ltd. Huskies ), partially offset by the sale of Concentric in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 101.7 million, compared to 100.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 0.9 million. The increase in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue and a decrease in Impairment and other losses and Depreciation and amortization, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services and Office and general expenses. 
 The increase in Cost of sales was primarily attributable to higher billable costs, commensurate with the increase in revenue as well as the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, and higher stock-based compensation. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to the inclusion of costs from acquired entities, partially offset by a decrease in deferred acquisition consideration. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-based compensation increased 9.7 million, primarily due to an increase in the fair value and number of awards. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration decreased 2.4 million, primarily attributable to the earn out period of certain brands ending in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by acquisitions occurring in the third and fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024. 
 Impairment and other losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.5 million. This was attributable to a charge to reduce the carrying value of a right-of-use lease asset and related leasehold improvements. Impairment and other losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 10.6 million, primarily related to right-of-use lease assets totaling 6.1 million and the associated leasehold improvements totaling 3.1 million. 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 3.5 million, primarily attributable to the acceleration of amortization of a tradename in the third quarter of 2023. As a result, amortization expense of 3.1 million was recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing the remaining amortization expense associated with this tradename. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.1 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, more than offset by an increase in billable costs, as discussed above. 
 
 Brand Performance Network 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 563,556 542,734 20,822 3.8 Operating Expenses Cost of services 355,144 336,607 18,537 5.5 Office and general expenses 159,003 151,910 7,093 4.7 Depreciation and amortization 26,524 25,160 1,364 5.4 540,671 513,677 26,994 5.3 Operating Income 22,885 29,057 (6,172) (21.2) 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 476,590 459,291 17,299 3.8 Billable costs 86,966 83,443 3,523 4.2 Revenue 563,556 542,734 20,822 3.8 Billable costs 86,966 83,443 3,523 4.2 Staff costs 296,411 288,932 7,479 2.6 Administrative costs 69,196 64,163 5,033 7.8 Unbillable and other costs, net 46,677 38,534 8,143 21.1 Adjusted EBITDA 64,306 67,662 (3,356) (5.0) Stock-based compensation 4,988 3,840 1,148 29.9 Depreciation and amortization 26,524 25,160 1,364 5.4 Deferred acquisition consideration (6,454) 1,112 (7,566) NM Other items, net 16,363 8,493 7,870 92.7 Operating Income 22,885 29,057 (6,172) (21.2) 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 563.6 million, compared to 542.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 20.8 million. 
 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Brand Performance Network 459,291 2,145 2,252 12,902 17,299 476,590 2.8 3.8 Component change 0.5 0.5 2.8 3.8 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new clients and increased spending by existing clients in the consumer products and food and beverage sectors. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was driven by the acquisition of Huskies. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.9 million, compared to 29.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 representing a decrease of 6.2 million, primarily attributable to an increase in Cost of services and Office and general expenses, partially offset by an increase in Revenue. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to higher unbillable costs, commensurate with the increase in revenue, and an increase in staff costs, primarily due to a reduction in bonus expense in 2023 related to cost savings initiatives. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in severance expenses and reduction in bonus expense in 2023 related to cost savings initiatives, partially offset by a decrease in deferred acquisition consideration. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration decreased 7.6 million, primarily attributable to a reduction in the fair value of the deferred acquisition consideration liability associated with certain Brands. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 3.4 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, more than offset by an increase in expenses, as discussed above. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Communications Network 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 335,296 230,261 105,035 45.6 Operating Expenses Cost of services 211,964 149,873 62,091 41.4 Office and general expenses 61,589 51,551 10,038 19.5 Depreciation and amortization 9,007 8,216 791 9.6 282,560 209,640 72,920 34.8 Operating Income 52,736 20,621 32,115 NM 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 226,101 177,032 49,069 27.7 Billable costs 109,195 53,229 55,966 NM Revenue 335,296 230,261 105,035 45.6 Billable costs 109,195 53,229 55,966 NM Staff costs 123,039 115,846 7,193 6.2 Administrative costs 26,117 25,096 1,021 4.1 Unbillable and other costs, net 1,270 336 934 NM Adjusted EBITDA 75,675 35,754 39,921 NM Stock-based compensation 2,731 2,177 554 25.4 Depreciation and amortization 9,007 8,216 791 9.6 Deferred acquisition consideration 9,097 3,403 5,694 NM Other items, net 2,104 1,337 767 57.4 Operating Income 52,736 20,621 32,115 NM 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 335.3 million, compared to 230.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 105.0 million. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) Communications Network 177,032 (70) 6,421 42,718 49,069 226,101 24.1 27.7 Component change 3.6 24.1 27.7 
 The increase in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to new clients and increased spend in the retail and public affairs sectors as a result of the current political campaign year. The increase in net acquisitions (divestitures) was primarily driven by the acquisition of PROS. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 52.7 million, compared to 20.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 32.1 million. The change in Operating Income was primarily attributable to an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in Cost of services and Office and general expenses. 
 The increase in Cost of services was primarily attributable to an increase in billable costs, commensurate with higher revenue. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in deferred acquisition consideration. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration increased 5.7 million, primarily attributable to an increase in the fair value of certain obligations. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 39.9 million, primarily driven by an increase in Revenue, partially offset by an increase in billable costs, as discussed above. 
 
 All Other 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 26,136 34,378 (8,242) (24.0) Operating Expenses Cost of services 18,838 25,796 (6,958) (27.0) Office and general expenses 19,931 18,502 1,429 7.7 Depreciation and amortization 9,938 6,152 3,786 61.5 48,707 50,450 (1,743) (3.5) Operating Loss (22,571) (16,072) (6,499) 40.4 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Net Revenue 25,962 34,404 (8,442) (24.5) Billable costs 174 (26) 200 NM Revenue (1) 
 26,136 34,378 (8,242) (24.0) Billable costs 174 (26) 200 NM Staff costs 24,635 31,124 (6,489) (20.8) Administrative costs (1) 
 3,447 1,244 2,203 NM Unbillable and other costs, net 9,465 12,202 (2,737) (22.4) Adjusted EBITDA (11,585) (10,166) (1,419) 14.0 Stock-based compensation 729 427 302 70.7 Depreciation and amortization 9,938 6,152 3,786 61.5 Deferred acquisition consideration (383) (1,752) 1,369 (78.1) Other items, net 702 1,079 (377) (34.9) Operating Loss (22,571) (16,072) (6,499) 40.4 
 (1) All Other Revenue and Administrative costs include approximately 8 million and 6 million of eliminations of intercompany services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 26.1 million, compared to 34.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 8.2 million. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenue 
 The components of the fluctuations in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net Revenue - Components of Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Foreign Currency Net Acquisitions (Divestitures) Organic Total Change Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Organic Total (dollars in thousands) All Other 34,404 (822) (3,559) (4,061) (8,442) 25,962 (11.8) (24.5) Component change (2.4) (10.3) (11.8) (24.5) 
 The decrease in organic net revenue was primarily attributable to budget cuts and client losses from clients in the food and beverage, travel and transportation, consumer products, healthcare, and financial services sectors. The decrease in net acquisitions (divestitures) was driven by the derecognition of certain noncontrolling interest in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Operating Loss 
 Operating Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.6 million, compared to 16.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 6.5 million. The increase in Operating Loss was primarily attributable to a decrease in Revenue and an increase in Office and general expenses and Depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a decrease in Cost of services. 
 The decrease in Cost of Services was primarily attributable to lower unbillable costs, commensurate with lower revenue and a lower staff costs primarily related to employees of a Brand that was derecognized in the first quarter of 2024. 
 The increase in Office and general expenses was primarily attributable to increase in deferred acquisition consideration. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 3.8 million, primarily attributable to the acceleration of amortization of certain tradenames. As a result, amortization expense of 2.8 million was recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing the remaining amortization expense associated with these tradenames. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration increased 1.4 million, primarily due to a decrease in the fair value of a certain Brand during 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 1.4 million, primarily driven by a decrease in Revenue, offset by a decrease in expenses, as discussed above. 
 
 Corporate 
 The components of operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Staff costs 35,421 25,850 9,571 37.0 Administrative costs 11,396 13,343 (1,947) (14.6) Adjusted EBITDA (46,817) (39,193) (7,624) 19.5 Stock-based compensation 5,308 12,701 (7,393) (58.2) Depreciation and amortization 8,681 5,990 2,691 44.9 Impairment and other losses 215 215 100.0 Other items, net 4,203 5,338 (1,135) (21.3) Operating Loss (65,224) (63,222) (2,002) 3.2 
 Operating Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 65.2 million, compared to 63.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 2.0 million. The increase in Operating Loss was primarily attributable to an increase in Staff costs, partially offset by a decrease in Stock-based compensation. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Staff costs increased 9.6 million, primarily as a result of higher health insurance costs and a reduction in bonus expense in 2023 related to cost savings initiatives. 
 Stock-based compensation expense decreased 7.4 million, primarily due to the reversal of expense in the second quarter of 2024 associated with stock-based performance awards for which the performance targets were not probable of being met. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources: 
 The following table provides summary information about the Company s liquidity position: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (69,230) (127,542) Net cash used in investing activities (66,485) (44,848) Net cash provided by financing activities 159,131 51,688 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 145.8 million and 119.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company expects to maintain sufficient cash and/or available borrowings to fund operations for the next twelve months and subsequent periods. The Company has historically maintained and expanded its business using cash generated from operating activities, funds available under the Credit Agreement, and other initiatives, such as obtaining additional debt and equity financing. The Credit Agreement provides revolving commitments of up to 640.0 million and permits restricted payments for share repurchases or redemptions from certain of its stockholders in an aggregate principal amount of up to 150.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 375.0 million of borrowings outstanding and 15.5 million of issued and undrawn letters of credit resulting in 249.5 million unused amount under the Credit Agreement. 
 The Company transfers certain of its trade receivable assets to third parties under certain agreements. Per the terms of these agreements, the Company surrenders control over its trade receivables upon transfer. 
 The trade receivables transferred to the third parties were 224.8 million and 173.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount collected and due to the third parties under these arrangements was 14.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and 1.8 million as of December 31, 2023. Fees for these arrangements were recorded in Office and general expenses in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and totaled 1.0 million and 3.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 1.0 million and 2.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company may purchase shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock under its Repurchase Program. See Note 1 for information regarding the Board s authorization to extend and increase the size of share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 13.8 million shares of Class A Common Stock were repurchased pursuant to the Repurchase Program at an average price of 6.29 per share, for an aggregate value, excluding fees, of 86.7 million. The repurchased shares included 4 million shares of Class A Common Stock repurchased from certain affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. at a price of 6.34 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 25.4 million. 
 The remaining value of shares of Class A Common Stock permitted to be repurchased under the Repurchase Program was 51.8 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company s obligations extending beyond twelve months primarily consist of deferred acquisition consideration payments, purchases of noncontrolling interests, subsidiary awards, capital expenditures, scheduled lease obligation payments, and interest payments on borrowings under the Company s 5.625 Notes (as defined in Note 8 of the Notes included herein) and Credit Agreement. The Company expects to make estimated cash payments in the future to satisfy obligations under our Tax Receivables Agreement with Stagwell Media LP and OpCo TRA (see Note 14 of the Notes included herein for additional details). The amount and timing of payments are contingent on the Company achieving certain tax savings, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of OpCo s assets resulting from exchanges of Paired Units (each as defined in Note 11 of the Notes included herein) for shares of Class A Common Stock or cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Company making payments under the TRA. Based on the current outlook, the Company believes future cash flows from operations, together with the Company s existing cash balance and availability of funds under the Credit Agreement, will be sufficient to meet the Company s anticipated cash needs for the next twelve months and subsequent periods. The Company s ability to make payments will depend on future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions, the competitive environment and other factors, including those described in this Form 10-Q and in the Company s other SEC filings. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 69.2 million, primarily driven by unfavorable working capital requirements, including the timing of media supplier payments, partially offset by earnings. 
 Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 127.5 million, primarily driven by unfavorable working capital requirements, including the timing of media supplier payments, partially offset by earnings. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 66.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by 19.3 million in capitalized software spend, 16.7 million in capital expenditures, and 23.8 million for acquisitions, net of cash acquired. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 44.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 19.0 million in capitalized software spend, 12.2 million in capital expenditures, and 6.7 million in acquisitions, net of cash acquired. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows provided by financing activities were 159.1 million, primarily driven by 316.0 million in net borrowings under the Credit Agreement, partially offset by shares repurchased and cancelled of 101.2 million, payments of deferred consideration of 28.7 million, and distributions to noncontrolling interests of 23.6 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows provided by financing activities were 51.7 million, primarily driven by 312.0 million in net borrowings under the Credit Agreement, shares repurchased and cancelled of 204.0 million, payments of deferred consideration of 31.7 million, and distributions to noncontrolling interests of 24.5 million. 
 Total Debt 
 Debt, net of debt issuance costs, as of September 30, 2024, was 1,463.9 million, compared to 1,145.8 million outstanding as of December 31, 2023. See Note 8 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for information regarding the Company s 5.625 Notes, and the Credit Agreement, which provides for a 640.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility maturing on August 3, 2026. 
 The Company is currently in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, and management believes, based on its current financial projections, that the Company will be in compliance with its covenants over the next twelve months. 
 If the Company loses all or a substantial portion of its lines of credit under the Credit Agreement, or if the Company uses the maximum available amount under the agreement, it will be required to seek other sources of liquidity. If the Company were unable to find these sources of liquidity, for example, through an equity offering or access to the capital markets, the Company s ability to fund its working capital needs and any contingent obligations with respect to acquisitions and redeemable noncontrolling interests would be adversely affected. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company must maintain a Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) below an established threshold. For the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company s calculation of this ratio, and the maximum permitted under the Credit Agreement, respectively, were calculated based on the trailing twelve months as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 Total Leverage Ratio 3.54 Maximum per covenant 4.25 
 These ratios and measures are not based on GAAP and are not presented as alternative measures of operating performance or liquidity. Some of these ratios and measures include, among other things, pro forma adjustments for acquisitions, one-time charges, and other items, as defined in the Credit Agreement. They are presented here to demonstrate compliance with the covenants in the Credit Agreement, as non-compliance with such covenants could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Material Cash Requirements 
 The Company s Brands enter into contractual commitments with media providers and agreements with production companies on behalf of its clients at levels that exceed the revenue from services. Some of our Brands purchase media for clients and act as an agent for a disclosed principal. These commitments are included in Accounts payable and Accrued media when the media services are delivered by the media providers. Stagwell takes precautions against default on payment for these services including the procurement of credit insurance and has historically had a very low incidence of default. Stagwell is still exposed to the risk of significant uncollectible receivables from our clients. The risk of a material loss could significantly increase in periods of severe economic downturn. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration on the balance sheet consists of deferred obligations related to contingent and fixed purchase price payments. See Note 6 of the Notes included herein for additional information regarding contingent deferred acquisition consideration. 
 When acquiring less than 100 ownership of an entity, the Company may enter into agreements that give the Company an option to purchase, or require the Company to purchase, the incremental ownership interests under certain circumstances. Where the incremental purchase may be required of the Company, the amounts are recorded as redeemable noncontrolling interests in mezzanine equity. See Note 9 of the Notes included herein for additional information regarding noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries grant awards to their employees providing them with an equity interest in the respective subsidiary (the profits interests awards ). The awards generally provide the employee the right, but not the obligation, to sell its interest in the subsidiary to the Company based on a performance-based formula and, in certain cases, receive a profit share distribution. 
 The Company intends to finance the cash portion of these contingent payment obligations using available cash from operations, borrowings under the Credit Agreement (or any refinancings thereof), and, if necessary, through the incurrence of additional debt and/or issuance of additional equity. The ultimate amount payable in the future relating to these transactions will vary because it is dependent on the future results of operations of the subject businesses and the timing of when these rights are exercised. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 See Note 2 of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for information regarding the Company s critical accounting estimates. 
 
 Website Access to Company Reports and Information 
 Stagwell Inc. s Internet website address is www.stagwellglobal.com. The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, will be made available free of charge through the Company s website as soon as reasonably practical after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Company announces material information to the public through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, and its website. The Company uses these channels, as well as social media, including X (formerly Twitter) (@stagwell), Instagram (@stagwellglobal) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/stagwell/), to communicate with investors and the public about the Company, its products and services, and other matters. Therefore, investors, the media, and others interested in the Company are encouraged to review the information the Company makes public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be material information. Information on or that can be accessed through the Company s websites or these social media channels is not part of this Form 10-Q, and the inclusion of the Company s website addresses and social media channels are inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rates, foreign currencies and impairment risk. 
 Debt Instruments: As of September 30, 2024, the Company s debt obligations consisted of amounts outstanding under its Credit Agreement and the 5.625 Notes. The Credit Agreement bears interest at variable rates based upon SOFR, EURIBOR, and SONIA depending on the duration of the borrowing product. The Company s ability to obtain the required bank syndication commitments depends in part on conditions in the bank market at the time of syndication. 
 With regard to our variable rate debt, a 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would change our annual interest expense by 2.8 million. 
 Foreign Exchange: While the Company primarily conducts business in markets that use the U.S. dollar, the Canadian dollar, the Euro and the British Pound, its non-U.S. operations transact business in numerous different currencies. The Company s results of operations are subject to risk from the translation to the U.S. dollar of the revenue and expenses of its 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 non-U.S. operations. The effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of the Company s results of operations are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 2 of the Company s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Form 10-K. For the most part, revenues and expenses incurred related to the non-U.S. operations are denominated in their functional currency. This reduces the impact that fluctuations in exchange rates will have on profit margins. Translation of intercompany debt, which is not intended to be repaid, is included in cumulative translation adjustments. Translation of current intercompany balances are included in net income (loss). From time to time, the Company may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts or other derivative financial instruments to hedge the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Impairment Risk: For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 1.7 million to reduce the carrying value of its right-of-use lease assets and related leasehold improvements. See Note 7 of the Notes included herein for additional information. 
 See the Significant Accounting Policies section in the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for information related to impairment testing for Goodwill, Right-of-use lease assets and long-lived assets and the risk of potential impairment charges in future periods. See the Critical Accounting Estimates section in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for information related to the risk of potential impairment charges in future periods. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), who is our principal executive officer, and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), who is our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO, CFO, and management Disclosure Committee, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d- 15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, and in light of the material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting as disclosed in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 
 
 Material Weakness Remediation Plan and Status 
 
 The Company, under the leadership of our CEO and CFO, has continued progressing with our previously disclosed plan to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We enhanced communications between management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee for increased oversight by formally reporting specific progress against the remediation plan to the Audit Committee each quarter. 
 
 In the prior year, we designed and implemented controls over our risk assessment process that included detailed qualitative and quantitative factors to identify and assess risks and implement or modify controls in response to those risks. In the current year, we further enhanced our risk assessment processes to identify potential risks in ongoing control performance at both the agency and consolidated Company level. 
 
 We improved existing controls across business processes covering significant accounts, including controls over the review of journal entries and account reconciliations, resolved segregation of duties conflicts, and increased and realigned personnel with appropriate levels of accounting knowledge, experience, and training in finance and accounting functions. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we completed staffing our new compliance function, whose objective is to provide continuous monitoring and improvement of internal controls at our agencies. 
 
 Management is in the process of testing the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We will consider our previously identified material weaknesses to be fully remediated once the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded, through such testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, as we continue to monitor the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we may perform additional internal control changes as necessary. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings. We do not currently expect that these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K. These risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, projected results and future prospects. These risks are not exclusive and additional risks to which we are subject to include the factors listed under note about Forward-Looking Statements and the risks described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted 88,608 restricted stock units underlying shares of Class A Common Stock as inducement for employment. We also issued 135,010 shares of Class A Common Stock as purchase consideration in connection with an acquisition. These transactions were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company received no cash proceeds and no commissions were paid to any person in connection with the issuance of these shares. 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 On November 6, 2024, the Board authorized an extension and a 125.0 million increase in the size of our previously approved stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, as amended, we may purchase up to an aggregate of 375.0 million of shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock, with any previous purchases under the Repurchase Program continuing to count against that limit. The Repurchase Program will expire on November 6, 2027. 
 
 Under the Repurchase Program, share repurchases may be made at our discretion from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices (including through trading plans that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other means. The timing and number of shares repurchased under the Repurchase Program will depend on a variety of factors, including the performance of our stock price, general market and economic conditions, regulatory requirements, the availability of funds, and other considerations we deem relevant. The Repurchase Program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The Board will review the Repurchase Program periodically and may authorize adjustments of its terms. Pursuant to its Credit Agreement (as defined and discussed in Note 8 of the Notes included herein) and the indenture governing the 5.625 Notes, the Company is currently limited as to the dollar value of shares it may repurchase in the open market. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 The following table details our monthly shares repurchased during the third quarter of 2024 and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to the Repurchase Program: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (2) (3) 
 7/1/2024 - 7/31/2024 
 831,595 6.78 729,341 59,784,099 8/1/2024 - 8/31/2024 
 920,785 6.33 844,867 54,417,148 9/1/2024 - 9/30/2024 
 384,266 6.87 384,266 51,770,499 Total 2,136,646 6.60 1,958,474 51,770,499 
 
 (1) Includes information for all shares repurchased by the Company, including shares repurchased as part of the Company s publicly announced Repurchase Program, and 178,172 shares to settle employee tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. 
 
 (2) Only includes information for shares repurchased as part of the Company s publicly announced Repurchase Program. 
 
 (3) Does not include 125.0 million increase authorized on November 6, 2024. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarterly period covered by this Form 10-Q, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by this item are listed on the Exhibit Index. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Stagwell Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2023). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Stagwell Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2021). 31.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a - 14(a) and 15d - 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a - 14(a) and 15d - 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 USC. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 USC. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Interactive Data File, for the period ended September 30, 2024. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. The cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document and are included in Exhibit 101. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 STAGWELL INC. /s/ Mark Penn Mark Penn Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 /s/ Frank Lanuto Frank Lanuto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 7, 2024 
 70 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 stgw-2024930xex311xmpenn.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Mark Penn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Stagwell Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s MARK PENN By Mark Penn Title Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 stgw-2024930xex312xflanuto.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Frank Lanuto, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Stagwell Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s FRANK LANUTO By Frank Lanuto Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 stgw-2024930xex321xmpenn.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stagwell Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Penn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s MARK PENN By Mark Penn Title Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 stgw-2024930xex322xflanuto.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stagwell Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frank Lanuto, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s FRANK LANUTO By Frank Lanuto Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 stgw-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 stgw-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 stgw-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 stgw-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 stgw-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

