<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1274494_0001274494-24-000038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10598803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1980089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4124606</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2226651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1868109</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001274494-24-000038.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029161324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001274494-24-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST SOLAR, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001274494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				204623678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33156
		FILM NUMBER:		241405871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 WEST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85288
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(602) 414-9300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 WEST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85288

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST SOLAR HOLDINGS LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001274494-24-000038.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 fslr-20240930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

fslr-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark one) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 25, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, were outstanding. 

FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 54 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 54 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 56 
 Signature 
 57 

Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we refer to First Solar, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as First Solar, the Company, we, us, and our. Units of electricity are typically stated in gigawatts GW ). 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Production start-up Litigation loss Total operating expenses Gain on sales of businesses, net Operating income Foreign currency loss, net ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of shares used in per share calculations: 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities and restricted marketable securities, net of tax of (464), 340, (321) and 23 
 ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments, net of tax of 0, (214), (131) and (1,087) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable trade, net Government grants receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Restricted marketable securities Government grants receivable Goodwill Intangible assets, net Inventories Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued expenses Current portion of debt Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Accrued solar module collection and recycling liability Long-term debt Deferred revenue Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued for share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock issued for share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued for share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock issued for share-based compensation Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Gain on sales of businesses, net ) ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, trade 
 ) ) Inventories ) ) Government grants receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) Income tax receivable and payable ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities and restricted marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities 
 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings under debt arrangements, net of issuance costs Repayment of debt ) Payments of tax withholdings for restricted shares ) ) Contingent consideration payment and other financing activities 
 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Property, plant and equipment acquisitions funded by liabilities Proceeds to be received from asset-based government grants 
 Acquisitions funded by contingent consideration 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST SOLAR, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Money market funds Total cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities: Foreign debt U.S. debt Time deposits Total marketable securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash current 
 Other current assets Restricted cash noncurrent 
 Other assets Restricted cash equivalents noncurrent Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold marketable securities for proceeds of million and realized a gain of less than million on such sales. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold marketable securities for proceeds of million and realized a loss of less than million on such sales. See Note 8. Fair Value Measurements to our condensed consolidated financial statements for information about the fair value of our marketable securities. 
 
 Time deposits Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value Foreign debt U.S. debt Time deposits Total 
 
 After one year through five years 
 After five years through ten years 
 Total 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Supranational debt U.S. debt U.S. government obligations Total restricted marketable securities 
 
 Our restricted marketable securities represent long-term investments to fund the estimated future cost of collecting and recycling modules covered under our solar module collection and recycling program. We have established a trust under which funds are put into custodial accounts with an established and reputable bank, for which First Solar, Inc.; First Solar Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.; and First Solar Manufacturing GmbH are grantors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such custodial accounts also included noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents balances of million and million, respectively, which were reported within Other assets. Trust funds may be disbursed for qualified module collection and recycling costs (including capital and facility related recycling costs), payments to customers for assuming collection and recycling obligations, and reimbursements of any overfunded amounts. Investments in the trust must meet certain investment quality criteria comparable to highly rated government or agency bonds. As necessary, we fund any incremental amounts for our estimated collection and recycling obligations on an annual basis based on the estimated costs of collecting and recycling covered modules, estimated rates of return on our restricted marketable securities, and an estimated solar module life of years, less amounts already funded in prior years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased million of restricted marketable securities as part of our ongoing management of the custodial accounts. 
 
 See Note 8. Fair Value Measurements to our condensed consolidated financial statements for information about the fair value of our restricted marketable securities. 
 Supranational debt U.S. debt U.S. government obligations Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value Foreign government obligations Supranational debt U.S. debt U.S. government obligations Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the contractual maturities of these securities were between years and years. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable trade, net 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventories Inventories current Inventories noncurrent 
 
 Other current assets 
 
 Indirect tax receivables Prepaid expenses Operating supplies Prepaid income taxes Insurance receivable for accrued litigation (1) Restricted cash Derivative instruments (2) Other Other current assets 
 
 (1) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 
 (2) See Note 6. Derivative Financial Instruments to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our derivative instruments. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Office equipment and furniture Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other assets 
 
 Lease assets (1) Income tax receivables Prepaid expenses Project assets Restricted cash equivalents Restricted cash Other (2) Other assets 
 
 (1) See Note 7. Leases to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our lease arrangements. 
 
 (2) In November 2023, First Solar entered into a power purchase agreement with Cleantech Solar Cleantech ), a leading provider of renewable energy solutions in India and Southeast Asia. Under the agreement, Cleantech plans to construct certain photovoltaic PV solar and wind generating assets, which are expected to supply electricity to our manufacturing facility in India. 
 
 During 2024, we purchased ownership interests in two subsidiaries of Cleantech for million. These subsidiaries own certain of the generation assets that are expected to supply our facility, and we account for our investments in these subsidiaries using the equity method. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million of revenue from module sales of 108 megawatts to these subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, we had also received advance payments of million from one of these subsidiaries for future module sales. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued freight Product warranty liability (1) Accrued inventory Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued other taxes Accrued interest Other Accrued expenses 
 
 (1) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our Product Warranties. 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 Lease liabilities (2) Derivative instruments (3) Contingent consideration (4) Other Other current liabilities 
 
 (1) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 
 (2) See Note 7. Leases to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our lease arrangements. 
 
 (3) See Note 6. Derivative Financial Instruments to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our derivative instruments. 
 
 (4) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our contingent consideration arrangements. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred tax liabilities, net Other taxes payable Product warranty liability (2) Contingent consideration (3) Other Other liabilities 
 
 (1) See Note 7. Leases to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our lease arrangements. 
 
 (2) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our Product Warranties. 
 
 (3) See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our contingent consideration arrangements. 

Other assets 
 
 In February 2021, the state government of Tamil Nadu, India granted First Solar certain incentives associated with the construction of our first manufacturing facility in the country. Among other things, such incentives provide a 24 subsidy for eligible capital investments, contingent upon meeting certain minimum investment and employment commitments. The capital subsidy funding application process begins in the fiscal year following the initial period of module production and is expected to be paid in six annual installments thereafter. The timing of cash receipts is subject to the completion of audit certifications, funding applications by First Solar, and review by state government authorities. Module production in India began during the year ended December 31, 2023. We expect to submit initial funding applications by the end of 2024. Such credit is reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets within Government grants receivable. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Production start-up 

In August 2022, the U.S. President signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ). Among other things, the IRA offers a tax credit, pursuant to Section 45X of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ), for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. Such credit may be refundable by the Internal Revenue Service IRS or transferable to a third party and is available from 2023 to 2032, subject to phase down beginning in 2030. For eligible components, the credit is equal to (i) 12 per square meter for a PV wafer, (ii) 4 cents multiplied by the capacity of a PV cell, and (iii) 7 cents multiplied by the capacity of a PV module. Based on the current form factor of our modules, we expect to qualify for a credit of approximately 17 cents per watt for each module produced in the United States and sold to a third party. We recognize such credit as a reduction to Cost of sales in the period the modules are sold to customers. Such credit is also reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets within Government grants receivable. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into an agreement with Fiserv, Inc. Fiserv for the sale of million of Section 45X tax credits we generated during 2023 for aggregate cash proceeds of million. We received the full cash proceeds during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange forward contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivative instruments 
 December 31, 2023 Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Commodity swap contracts Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange forward contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivative instruments Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Amount reclassified to cost of sales Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Amount reclassified to cost of sales Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Transaction Exposure and Economic Hedging 
 
 Many of our subsidiaries have assets and liabilities (primarily cash, receivables, deferred taxes, payables, accrued expenses, lease liabilities, debt, and solar module collection and recycling liabilities) that are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries functional currencies. Changes in the exchange rates between the functional currencies of our subsidiaries and the other currencies in which these assets and liabilities are denominated will create fluctuations in our reported condensed consolidated statements of operations. We may enter into foreign exchange forward contracts or other financial instruments to economically hedge assets and liabilities against the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations. The gains and losses on such foreign exchange forward contracts will economically offset all or part of the transaction gains and losses that we recognize in earnings on the related foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. 
 
 We also enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to economically hedge balance sheet and other exposures related to transactions between certain of our subsidiaries and transactions with third parties. Such contracts are considered economic hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. Accordingly, we recognize gains or losses from the fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the fair value of these derivative contracts in Foreign currency loss, net on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 CAD Purchase Sell Purchase INR Sell INR Purchase Sell Purchase MYR Sell MYR Sell MXN Purchase SGD Sell SGD 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 CAD Sell CLP Purchase Sell Sell INR Purchase Sell Purchase MYR Sell MXN Purchase SGD 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 From time to time, we use commodity swap contracts to mitigate our exposure to commodity price fluctuations for certain raw materials used in the production of our modules. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into various commodity swap contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted cash flows for purchases of aluminum frames between July 2022 and December 2023. Such swaps had an aggregate initial notional value based on metric tons of forecasted aluminum purchases, equivalent to million, and entitled us to receive a three-month average London Metals Exchange price for aluminum while requiring us to pay certain fixed prices. The notional amount of the commodity swap contracts proportionately adjusted with forecasted purchases of aluminum frames. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into various commodity swap contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted cash flows for purchases of steel between April 2024 and December 2024. Such swaps had an aggregate initial notional value based on short tons of forecasted steel purchases, equivalent to million, and entitle us to receive the price based on the U.S. Midwest Hot-Rolled Coil Steel Index while requiring us to pay certain fixed prices. The notional amount of the commodity swap contracts proportionately adjusts with forecasted purchases of steel. As of September 30, 2024, the notional value associated with these contracts was million. 
 
 These commodity swap contracts qualify for accounting as cash flow hedges in accordance with ASC 815, and we designated them as such. We report unrealized gains or losses on such contracts in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassify applicable amounts into earnings when the hedged transactions occur and impact earnings. We determined that these derivative financial instruments were highly effective as cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In the following 12 months, we expect to reclassify into earnings million of net unrealized losses related to these commodity swap contracts that are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2024 as we realize the earnings effects of the related forecasted transactions. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of: 
 Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Lease assets obtained in exchange for: 
 Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating Leases Finance Leases Operating Leases Finance Leases Lease assets Lease liabilities current 
 Lease liabilities noncurrent 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term years years years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future payments Less: interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 18 

Table of Contents 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash equivalents: Money market funds Marketable securities: U.S. debt Time deposits Restricted marketable securities Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Assets: Cash equivalents: Money market funds Restricted cash equivalents: Money market funds Marketable securities: Foreign debt U.S. debt Time deposits Restricted marketable securities Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities: Long-term debt, including current maturities (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes unamortized issuance costs and debt arrangements with an original maturity of less than one year. 
 
 The carrying values in our condensed consolidated balance sheets of our current trade accounts receivable, restricted cash, current government grants receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and debt arrangements with an original maturity of less than one year approximated their fair values due to their nature and relatively short maturities; therefore, we excluded them from the foregoing table. The fair value measurements for our noncurrent government grants receivable and long-term debt are considered Level 2 measurements under the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We have certain financial and derivative instruments that subject us to credit risk. These consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, restricted cash, restricted cash equivalents, restricted marketable securities, foreign exchange forward contracts, and commodity swap contracts. We are exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to our financial and derivative instruments. We place these instruments with various high-quality financial institutions and limit the amount of credit risk from any one counterparty. We monitor the credit standing of our counterparty financial institutions. Our net sales are primarily concentrated among a limited number of customers. We monitor the financial condition of our customers and perform credit evaluations whenever considered necessary. We typically require some form of payment security from our customers, including, but not limited to, advance payments, parent guarantees, letters of credit, bank guarantees, or surety bonds. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 India Credit Facility India JPM Working Capital Facility India HSBC Working Capital Facility India Citibank Working Capital Facility 
 Total debt principal Less: unamortized issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Noncurrent portion 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into a credit agreement with several financial institutions as lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, which provides us with a senior secured credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate borrowing capacity of billion. The margins under the Revolving Credit Facility are based on the Company s net leverage ratio or, if the Company elects to switch to a credit ratings-based system after the investment grade ratings trigger date occurs (as defined in the credit agreement), the Company s public debt rating. 
 
 In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to pay an unused commitment fee that ranges from to per annum based on the same factors discussed above and the daily unused commitments under the facility. We are also required to pay (i) a letter of credit fee based on the applicable margin for Term SOFR loans on the face amount of each letter of credit, (ii) a letter of credit fronting fee as agreed by the Company and such issuing lender, and (iii) other customary letter of credit fees. Our Revolving Credit Facility matures in June 2028. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no outstanding debt or letters of credit under our Revolving Credit Facility. Loans and letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company s tangible and intangible assets. 
 
 India Credit Facility 
 
 In July 2022, FS India Solar Ventures Private Limited FSISV ), our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a finance agreement (the India Credit Facility with the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation for aggregate borrowing of up to million for the development and construction of a solar module manufacturing facility in India. Principal on the India Credit Facility is payable in scheduled semi-annual installments beginning in August 2024 through the facility s expected maturity in August 2029. The India Credit Facility is guaranteed by First Solar, Inc. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 billion million). The outstanding balance matures in the first quarter of 2025. The India JPM Working Capital Facility is guaranteed by First Solar, Inc. 
 
 India HSBC Working Capital Facility 
 
 In February 2024, FSISV entered into a working capital facility agreement (the India HSBC Working Capital Facility with the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, which provides certain working capital loans of up to INR billion million). The outstanding balance matures in the first quarter of 2025. The India HSBC Working Capital Facility is guaranteed by First Solar, Inc. 
 
 India Citibank Working Capital Facility 
 
 In August 2024, FSISV entered into a working capital facility agreement (the India Citibank Working Capital Facility with Citibank, N.A., which provides certain working capital loans of up to INR billion million). The outstanding balance matures in the first quarter of 2025. The India Citibank Working Capital Facility is guaranteed by First Solar, Inc. 

Bilateral facilities (2) Surety bonds 
 
 (1) Our Revolving Credit Facility provides us with a sub-limit of million to issue letters of credit, at a fee based on the applicable margin for Term SOFR loans, a fronting fee, and other customary letter of credit fees. 
 
 (2) Of the total letters of credit issued under the bilateral facilities, million was secured with cash. 
 
 Product Warranties 
 
 When we recognize revenue for sales of modules, we accrue liabilities for the estimated future costs of meeting our limited warranty obligations. We estimate our limited product warranty liability for power output and defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions based on return rates for each series of module technology and other factors. We make and revise these estimates based primarily on the number of solar modules under warranty installed at customer locations, our historical experience with and projections of warranty claims, and our estimated per-module replacement costs. We also monitor our expected future module performance through certain quality and reliability testing and actual performance in certain field installation sites. From time to time, we have taken remediation actions with respect to affected modules beyond our limited warranties and may elect to do so in the future, in which case we would incur additional expenses. Such potential voluntary future remediation 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Accruals for new warranties issued Settlements ) ) ) ) Changes in estimate of product warranty liability ) ) Product warranty liability, end of period Current portion of warranty liability Noncurrent portion of warranty liability 
 
 We have identified manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024 that may cause the modules to experience premature power loss once installed in the field. The ultimate loss we will incur for these manufacturing issues will depend on the extent of the premature power loss that is experienced in relation to the obligations under our limited product warranties, as well as any additional commitments we may make to remediate the affected modules. Based on currently available information and certain assumptions and estimates, we believe a reasonable estimate of the aggregate losses related to these manufacturing issues will range from approximately million to million. At this time, no individual amount within that range is a better estimate than any other amount. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, we increased our product warranty liability by the low end of the range, which we recorded as a reduction to revenue. The estimated range set forth above was based on our evaluation of the currently available information, including select samples of module performance data from several locations, the estimated number of affected modules, and projections of probable costs to remediate the issues. As additional information becomes available to us, our estimate of the aggregate losses related to these manufacturing issues may change, and any change in estimate may also result in a change to our product warranty liability. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we revised our warranty estimate based on updated information regarding our warranty claims, which reduced our module warranty liability by million. This updated information reflected lower-than-expected warranty claims for our older series of module technology and revisions to projected settlements, resulting in reductions to our projected module return rate. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 
 In certain limited circumstances, we have provided indemnifications to customers or other parties under which we are contractually obligated to compensate such parties for losses they suffer resulting from a breach of a representation, warranty, or covenant; the resolution of specific matters associated with a project s development or construction; guarantees of a third party s payment or performance obligations; or any disallowance or lack of the right to claim all or any portion of certain tax credits. For contracts that have such indemnification provisions, we initially recognize a liability under ASC 460 for the estimated premium that would be required by a guarantor to issue the same indemnity in a standalone arm s-length transaction with an unrelated party. We may base these estimates on the cost of insurance or other instruments that cover the underlying risks being indemnified and may purchase such instruments to mitigate our exposure to potential indemnification payments. We subsequently measure such liabilities at the greater of the initially estimated premium or the contingent liability required to be recognized under ASC 450. We recognize any indemnification liabilities as a reduction of earnings associated with the related transaction. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of current indemnification liabilities, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum potential amount of future payments under our indemnifications was million. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 
 As part of our acquisition of Evolar AB Evolar in May 2023, we agreed to pay additional consideration of up to million to the selling shareholders contingent upon the successful achievement of certain technical milestones. As of December 31, 2023, we recorded million of current liabilities and million of long-term liabilities for such contingent obligations based on their estimated fair values. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid million of contingent consideration to the selling shareholders, and million remains in our long-term liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Solar Module Collection and Recycling Liability 
 
 We previously established a module collection and recycling program, which has since been discontinued, to collect and recycle modules sold and covered under such program once the modules reach the end of their service lives. For legacy customer sales contracts that are covered under this program, we agreed to pay the costs for the collection and recycling of qualifying solar modules, and the end-users agreed to notify us, disassemble their solar power systems, package the solar modules for shipment, and revert ownership rights over the modules back to us at the end of the modules service lives. Accordingly, we recorded any collection and recycling obligations within Cost of sales at the time of sale based on the estimated cost to collect and recycle the covered solar modules. 
 
 We estimate the cost of our collection and recycling obligations based on the present value of the expected future cost of collecting and recycling the solar modules, which includes estimates for the cost of packaging materials; the cost of freight from the solar module installation sites to a recycling center; material, labor, and capital costs; and by-product credits for certain materials recovered during the recycling process. We base these estimates on our experience collecting and recycling solar modules and certain assumptions regarding costs at the time the solar modules will be collected and recycled. In the periods between the time of sale and the related settlement of the collection and recycling obligation, we accrete the carrying amount of the associated liability and classify the corresponding expense within Selling, general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Our module collection and recycling liability was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 3. Restricted Marketable Securities to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information about our arrangements for funding this liability. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 In July 2021, Southern Power Company and certain of its affiliates Southern filed an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association against two subsidiaries of the Company, alleging breach of the engineering, procurement, and construction EPC agreements for five projects in the United States, for which the Company s subsidiaries served as the EPC contractor. The arbitration demand asserts breach of obligations to design and engineer the projects in accordance with the EPC agreements, particularly as such obligations relate to the procurement of tracker systems and inverters. The Company and its subsidiaries denied the claims, and defended the claims in arbitration hearings, which concluded in February 2023. In May 2023, the parties submitted their final proposals of individual award claims to the arbitration panel. In July 2023, the arbitration panel entered an interim award to Southern for million, which was paid during the year ended December 31, 2023. As a result, we recognized a loss for such interim award in our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. The 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million to the plaintiff. On September 21, 2023, the Superior Court of California for Monterey County ruled, in response to a motion for remittitur filed by the Company, that the damages awarded to the plaintiff were excessive and reduced the award from million to million. The plaintiff and defendant have appealed and cross appealed varying aspects of the verdict and the remittitur. Accordingly, due to the uncertainty surrounding the multiple decisions and appeals, as of September 30, 2024, we recorded a million accrued litigation payable included in Other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. We believe the full amount of awarded damages will be covered by our various insurance policies. Accordingly, we also recorded a million receivable included in Other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The plaintiff did not accept the reduced award by the court ordered deadline of October 10, 2023, and, as a result, the million award has been vacated and a new trial will be scheduled. We, in conjunction with our insurance carriers, are challenging the initial verdict in an appellate court, and the plaintiff is cross appealing from the decision to reduce the award, among other issues, stemming from the trial. The parties are awaiting a briefing schedule from the Appellate Court. 
 
 On September 29, 2023 and June 5, 2024, the Company received subpoenas from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC seeking documents and information relating to the Company s operations in India, the Company's entry into a PV module supply agreement with an India-based customer, and certain aspects of the Company's technology roadmap, among other things. The Company is cooperating with the SEC and cannot predict the ultimate timing, scope, or outcome of this matter. 
 
 We are party to other legal matters and claims in the normal course of our operations. While we believe the ultimate outcome of these matters and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, the outcome of such matters and claims is not determinable with certainty, and negative outcomes may adversely affect us. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our contract liabilities decreased by million primarily due to the recognition of revenue for sales of solar modules for which payment was received in prior years, partially offset by advance payments received in the current year for future sales of solar modules. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was included in the corresponding contract liability balance at the beginning of the periods. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had entered into contracts with customers for the future sale of 72.8 GW of solar modules for an aggregate transaction price of billion, which we expect to recognize as revenue through 2030 as we transfer control of the modules to the customers. This volume and transaction price exclude contracts with customers in India for which payment has not been fully secured. This transaction price also excludes estimates of variable consideration associated with (i) future module technology improvements, including enhancements to certain energy related attributes, (ii) sales freight in excess of defined thresholds, (iii) changes to certain commodity prices, and (iv) the module wattage committed for delivery, among other things. As a result, the revenue recognized from such contracts may increase or decrease in future periods relative to the original transaction price. These contracts may also be subject to amendments as agreed to by the parties to the contract. These amendments may increase or decrease the volume of modules to be sold under the contract, change delivery schedules, or otherwise adjust the expected revenue under these contracts. 
 
 See Note 16. Segment Reporting for the disaggregation of revenue by reportable segment. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Production start-up ) Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock and performance units, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 In March 2020 and May 2021, the compensation committee of our board of directors approved grants of performance units PU or PUs for key executive officers to be earned over multi-year performance periods, which ended in December 2022 and December 2023, respectively. Vesting of the 2020 and 2021 grants of PUs was contingent upon the specific attainment targets of each grant, which targets include metrics such as contracted revenue, module wattage, return on capital, cost per watt, incremental average selling price, and operating income metrics. In March 2023, the compensation committee certified the achievement of the vesting conditions applicable to the 2020 grants, which approximated the target level of performance. In February 2024, the compensation committee certified the achievement of the vesting conditions applicable to the 2021 grants, which approximated the maximum level of performance. Accordingly, each participant received one share of common stock for each vested PU granted, net of any tax withholdings. 
 
 In March 2022, March 2023, and March 2024, the compensation committee approved additional grants of PUs for key executive officers; such grants are expected to be earned over a multi-year performance period ending in December 2024, December 2025, and December 2026, respectively. Vesting of the 2022, 2023, and 2024 grants of PUs is contingent upon the specific attainment targets of each grant, which targets include metrics such as contracted revenue, cost per watt, return on capital, production, incremental average selling price, and operating margin metrics. 
 
 Vesting of PUs is also contingent upon the employment of program participants through the applicable vesting dates, with limited exceptions in case of death, disability, a qualifying retirement, or a change-in-control of First Solar. Outstanding PUs are included in the computation of diluted net income per share based on the number of shares that would be issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 on certain large corporations, imposing a excise tax on stock buybacks, and providing various incentives to address climate change, including the introduction of the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC. The provisions of the IRA are generally effective for tax years beginning after 2022. Certain developments to technical guidance and regulations include the following: 
 
 In May 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued initial guidance on various sections of the IRC, including Section 45X. 
 
 In December 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued a notice of proposed rulemaking and public hearing providing initial guidance confirming certain key aspects of the Section 45X credit. 
 
 In March 2024, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued final regulations on the direct payment election under Section 6417 of the IRC. The final regulations apply to tax years ending on or after March 11, 2024, but taxpayers may choose to apply the rules in the final regulations in taxable years ending before March 11, 2024, provided the final regulations are applied in their entirety and in a consistent manner. The final regulations mostly adopted and confirmed the proposed regulations previously issued in June 2023. 
 
 In April 2024, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued final regulations on the elective transfer provisions under Section 6418 of the IRC. The final regulations apply to taxable years ending on or after April 30, 2024, but taxpayers may choose to apply the rules in the final regulations in taxable years ending before April 30, 2024, provided the final regulations are applied in their entirety and in a consistent manner. The final regulations mostly adopted and confirmed the proposed regulations previously issued in June 2023. 
 
 Given the complexities of the IRA, which is pending additional technical guidance and final regulations from the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS, we expect to continue to monitor these developments and evaluate their potential future impact to our results of operations. 
 
 Foreign tax credit regulations . In November 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department released proposed foreign tax credit FTC regulations addressing various aspects of the U.S. FTC regime. Among other items, these proposed regulations provide certain exceptions for determining creditable foreign withholding taxes. Taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations, which apply to tax years beginning on or after December 28, 2021. As a result of these proposed regulations, foreign withholding taxes will continue to be creditable. In July 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department issued Notice 2023-55, which provides temporary relief for taxpayers in determining whether a foreign tax is eligible for a foreign tax credit for taxable years beginning on or after December 28, 2021, and ending before December 31, 2023. In December 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department issued Notice 2023-80, which extends this relief period until future guidance is issued. 
 
 Pillar Two . In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development released model rules for a new global minimum tax framework Pillar Two ). Certain governments in countries in which we operate have enacted local Pillar Two legislation, with an effective date from January 1, 2024. We currently do not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on our 2024 financial statements. As these legislative changes develop and expand, we expect to continue to monitor the changes and evaluate their potential impact to our results of operations. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Although the effective tax rate was consistent across both periods, we identified certain primary drivers, which included (i) lower excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and (ii) a higher inclusion percentage of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, net of the applicable Section 250 deduction, partially offset by (iii) higher income earned in low tax jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes differed from the amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate of primarily due to the effect of tax law changes associated with the IRA described above. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reversed our position to indefinitely reinvest the accumulated earnings of a foreign subsidiary and recorded discrete tax expense of approximately million. There were no other changes to our indefinite reinvestment assertions during the period. 
 
 Our Malaysian subsidiary has been granted a long-term tax holiday that expires in 2027. The tax holiday, which generally provides for a full exemption from Malaysian income tax, is conditional upon our continued compliance with certain employment and investment thresholds, which we are currently in compliance with and expect to continue to comply with through the expiration of the tax holiday in 2027. 
 
 Our Vietnamese subsidiary has been granted a long-term tax incentive that generally provides a full exemption from Vietnamese income tax through 2023, followed by reduced annual tax rates of through 2032 and through 2036. Such long-term tax incentive is conditional upon our continued compliance with certain revenue and research and development R D spending thresholds, which we are currently in compliance with and expect to continue to comply with through the expiration of the tax holiday. 
 
 We are subject to audit by federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. We are currently under examination in India, Chile, Singapore, the United States, and the States of Georgia and Tennessee. We believe that adequate provisions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed by our tax examinations are not resolved in a manner consistent with our expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted net income per share Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Effect of restricted stock and performance units Weighted-average shares used in computing diluted net income per share Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 There were no anti-dilutive shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Net tax effect 
 ) ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Total foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities and restricted marketable securities Other expense, net ) Unrealized loss on derivative instruments: Commodity swap contracts Cost of sales ) ) ) ) Total loss reclassified ) ) ) ) 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Gross profit (loss) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Modules Other Total Modules Other Total Net sales Gross profit (loss) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization expense 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Modules Other Total Modules Other Total Goodwill 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include statements, among other things, concerning: effects resulting from certain module manufacturing changes; our business strategy, including anticipated trends and developments in and management plans for our business and the markets in which we operate; future financial results, operating results, module volumes produced, module volumes sold, revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, products, projected costs (including estimated future module collection and recycling costs), warranties and anticipated claims thereunder, solar module technology and cost reduction roadmaps, product reliability, investments, and capital expenditures; our ability to successfully integrate an acquired business; our ability to continue to reduce the cost per watt of our solar modules; the impact of public policies; the potential impact of legislation intended to encourage renewable energy investments through tax credits; our ability to expand manufacturing capacity worldwide, including the construction of new manufacturing facilities in the United States and related increases in manufacturing capacity; the impact of supply chain disruptions, which may affect the procurement of raw materials used in our manufacturing process and the distribution of our modules; R D programs and our ability to improve the wattage of our solar modules; sales and marketing initiatives; and competition. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, expect, anticipate, project, plan, intend, seek, believe, forecast, foresee, likely, may, should, goal, target, might, will, could, predict, continue, contingent, and the negative or plural of these words, and other comparable terminology. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and our projections about future events. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of the report and therefore speak only as of the filing date. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 structural imbalances in global supply and demand for PV solar modules; 
 our competitive position and other key competitive factors; 
 the reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, policies, and support programs for solar energy projects and other renewable energy projects; 
 the impact of public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules; 
 the passage of legislation intended to encourage renewable energy investments through tax credits, such as the IRA; 
 our ability to execute on our long-term strategic plans, including our ability to secure financing and realize the potential benefits of strategic acquisitions and investments; 
 our ability to execute on our solar module technology and cost reduction roadmaps; 
 our ability to incorporate technology improvements into our manufacturing process, including the implementation of our copper replacement CuRe program; 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to avoid manufacturing interruptions, including during the ramp of our manufacturing facilities; 
 our ability to improve the wattage of our solar modules; 
 interest rate fluctuations and our customers ability to secure financing; 
 the loss of any of our large customers, or the ability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us; 
 the severity and duration of public health threats, including the potential impact on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 our ability to attract new customers and to develop and maintain existing customer and supplier relationships; 
 our ability to construct new production facilities to support new product lines; 
 general economic and business conditions, including those influenced by U.S., international, and geopolitical events; 
 environmental responsibility, including with respect to CdTe and other semiconductor materials; 
 evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters; 
 claims under our limited warranty obligations; 
 changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations and environmental, health, and safety requirements; 
 effects arising from and results of pending litigation; 
 future collection and recycling costs for solar modules covered by our module collection and recycling program or otherwise as required by external laws and regulation; 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 our ability to prevent and/or minimize the impact of cybersecurity incidents or information security breaches; 
 our continued investment in R 
 the supply and price of components and raw materials, including CdTe; 
 our ability to attract, train, retain and successfully integrate key talent into our team; and 
 all other matters discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this section. The following discussion and analysis of our business, financial condition, and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Overview 
 
 We are a leading American solar technology company and global provider of responsibly produced eco-efficient PV solar energy solutions. Developed at our R D labs in California and Ohio, we manufacture and sell PV solar modules with an advanced thin film semiconductor technology that provide a high-performance, lower-carbon and lower-water alternative to conventional crystalline silicon PV solar modules, and the smallest environmental footprint in the industry. From raw material sourcing through end-of-life module recycling, we are committed to reducing the environmental impacts and enhancing the social and economic benefits of our products. Our PV solar modules are produced using a fully integrated, continuous process that does not rely on Chinese crystalline silicon supply chains. 
 
 We are the world s largest thin film PV solar module manufacturer and the largest PV solar module manufacturer in the Western Hemisphere. We recently commenced operations at our fourth manufacturing facility in the United States and are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity, including the construction of our fifth manufacturing facility in the United States, which is expected to commence operations in the second half of 2025. With a global footprint that spans the United States, India, Malaysia, and Vietnam, we expect to have an annual manufacturing capacity of over 25 GW by 2026. 
 
 Certain of our financial results and other key operational developments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 include the following: 
 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 11 to 0.9 billion compared to 0.8 billion for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of modules sold to third parties and termination payments associated with certain customer contract terminations in the U.S. and India, partially offset by a current period reduction in revenue related to manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024. We currently believe the primary causes of the issues have been identified and we have taken actions to address such issues. 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.2 percentage points to 50.2 from 47.0 for the same period in 2023. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to termination payments associated with certain customer contract terminations in the U.S. and India and a higher sales mix of modules qualifying for the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC, partially offset by a current period reduction in revenue related to manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024 and higher module storage costs. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we commenced production of Series 7 modules at our first manufacturing facility in Alabama, bringing our total installed nameplate production capacity across all our facilities to approximately 19.4 GW. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we produced 3.8 GW and sold 3.0 GW of solar modules. During 2024, we expect to produce between 15.6 GW and 15.9 GW and sell between 14.2 GW and 14.6 GW of solar modules. 
 
 In July 2024, our dedicated R D innovation center in Ohio was formally commissioned. This R D facility features a high-tech pilot manufacturing line, which is expected to enable the production of full-sized prototypes of thin film and tandem PV modules, supporting the implementation of our technology roadmap. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Market Overview 
 
 Solar energy is one of the fastest growing forms of renewable energy with numerous economic and environmental benefits that make it an attractive complement to or substitute for traditional forms of energy generation. Over the past decade, the cost of producing electricity from PV solar power systems has decreased to levels that are competitive with or below the wholesale price of electricity in many markets. This price decline has opened new possibilities to develop systems in many locations with limited or no financial incentives, thereby promoting the widespread adoption of solar energy. Other technological developments in the renewable energy industry, such as the advancement of energy storage capabilities, have further enhanced the prospects of solar energy as an alternative to traditional forms of energy generation. In addition to these economic benefits, solar energy has substantial environmental benefits. For example, PV solar power systems generate no greenhouse gas or other emissions and use minimal amounts of water compared to traditional energy generation assets. As a result of these and other factors, worldwide solar markets continue to develop and expand. 
 
 Recently enacted government support programs have contributed and are expected to continue to contribute to this momentum by providing solar module manufacturers, project developers, and project owners with certain subsidies, such as grant funding provided by the U.S. Department of Energy, and tax incentives, such as tax credits available under the IRA, to accelerate the ongoing transition to clean energy. Among other things, the IRA (i) reinstates the 30 investment tax credit for qualifying solar projects that meet certain wage and apprenticeship requirements, (ii) extends the production tax credit to include energy generated from solar projects, (iii) provides incremental investment and production tax credits for solar projects that meet certain domestic content and location requirements, and (iv) offers tax credits for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. 
 
 Supply and demand. As a result of the market opportunities described above, we recently commenced production of Series 7 modules at our first manufacturing facility in Alabama and are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity, including the construction of our fifth manufacturing facility in the United States, which is expected to commence operations in the second half of 2025. We continue to evaluate opportunities for future expansion worldwide. We believe manufacturers of solar cells and modules, particularly those in China, have significant installed production capacity, relative to global demand, and the ability for additional capacity expansion. Accordingly, we believe the solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand, which could lead to periods of pricing volatility. Further, demand for solar energy in key markets, such as the United States, India, and Europe, may be affected by the nature and extent of commitments to the renewable energy transition at the local and global levels. For example, certain large oil and gas and energy companies have experienced investor pressure to pursue returns commensurate with those currently associated with fossil fuel projects. Notwithstanding these considerations, utility and corporate demand for clean energy, and overall electric load growth, especially as a result of artificial intelligence-driven data center demand, continue to increase. In light of such market realities, we continue to advocate for industrial and trade policies that provide a level playing field for manufacturers of solar cells and modules. We also continue to focus on our strategies and points of differentiation, which include our advanced module technology, our manufacturing process and distributed manufacturing presence, our R D capabilities, the sustainability advantage of our modules, and our financial stability. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Pricing competition. The solar industry has been characterized by intense pricing competition, both at the module and system levels. This competition may result in an environment in which pricing falls rapidly, which could potentially increase demand for solar energy solutions but constrain the ability for module manufacturers and project developers to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if competitors reduce pricing below their costs, bid aggressively low prices for module sale agreements, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time. For certain of our competitors, including many in China, these practices may be enabled by their direct or indirect access to sovereign capital or other forms of state support. Although module average selling prices in many global markets have declined, near-term module pricing in the United States, our primary market, remains relatively stable due, in part, to the rising demand for domestically manufactured modules as a result of the IRA. 
 
 Diverse offerings. We face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules and other emerging technologies. Solar module manufacturers compete with one another on sales price per watt, which may be influenced by several module value attributes, including energy yield, wattage (through a larger form factor or an improved conversion efficiency), degradation, sustainability, and reliability. Sales price per watt may also be influenced by warranty terms, customer payment terms, and/or module content attributes. We believe that utility-scale solar will continue to be a compelling offering and will continue to represent an increasing portion of the overall electricity generation mix. However, this focus on utility-scale module offerings exists within a current market environment that includes rooftop and distributed generation solar, which may influence our future offerings. 
 
 We continue to devote significant resources to support the implementation of our technology roadmap and improve the energy output of our modules. In the course of our R D activities, we explore various technologies in our efforts to sustain competitive differentiation of our modules. Such technologies include the development of bifacial modules, the implementation of our CuRe program, and ongoing research and development of multi-junction solar modules. 
 
 Bifacial . While conventional solar modules are monofacial, meaning their ability to produce energy is a function of direct and diffuse irradiance on their front side, most module manufacturers offer bifacial modules that also capture diffuse irradiance on the back side of a module. Bifaciality compromises nameplate efficiency, but by converting both front and rear side irradiance, such technology may improve the overall energy production of a module relative to nameplate efficiency when applied in certain applications, which could potentially lower the overall levelized cost of electricity LCOE of a system when compared to systems using monofacial solar modules. We recently began commercial production of bifacial solar modules at certain of our manufacturing facilities and delivered our first bifacial modules to customers. Our bifacial module features an innovative transparent back contact which, in addition to converting both front and rear side irradiance, allows infrared light to pass through rather than be absorbed as heat. This design lowers the operational temperature of the module, resulting in a higher energy yield. 
 
 CuRe . Our CuRe program is intended to improve our current semiconductor structure by replacing copper with certain other elements that are expected to enhance module performance by improving its bifaciality characteristics, improving its temperature coefficient, and improving its warranted degradation. As a result of these performance improvements, our PV solar modules are expected to produce more energy in real world operating conditions over their estimated useful lives than crystalline silicon modules with the same nameplate capacity. We currently expect to complete the lead line implementation of our CuRe technology in late 2024 and intend to begin a phased replication of the technology across our fleet in late 2025. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Multi-junction . We continue to evaluate opportunities to develop and leverage other solar cell technologies in multi-junction applications that combine our thin film PV technology with another high efficiency PV semiconductor, with each layer optimized for a different range of the solar spectrum. We believe such applications, which are expected to utilize at least one thin-film semiconductor, have the potential to significantly increase the efficiency of PV modules beyond the limits of traditional single-junction devices. Our acquisition of Evolar is expected to accelerate the development of high efficiency multi-junction devices by integrating Evolar s expertise with First Solar s existing R D capabilities. 
 
 Product efficiencies. The efficiencies gained from the vertical integration of our manufacturing model and our continued ability to reduce costs allow us to compete favorably in markets where pricing for modules and systems is highly competitive. Our cost competitiveness is based in large part on our advanced thin film semiconductor technology, module wattage, proprietary manufacturing process (which enables us to produce a CdTe module in a matter of hours using a continuous and highly automated industrial manufacturing process, as opposed to a batch process), and focus on operational excellence. In addition, our CdTe modules use approximately 2 to 3 of the amount of semiconductor material that is used to manufacture conventional crystalline silicon solar modules. The cost of polysilicon is a significant driver of the manufacturing cost of crystalline silicon solar modules, and the timing and rate of change in the cost of silicon feedstock and polysilicon could lead to changes in solar module pricing levels. 
 
 Energy performance. In many climates our solar modules provide certain energy production advantages relative to competing crystalline silicon solar modules. For example, our CdTe solar technology provides: 
 
 a superior temperature coefficient, which results in stronger system performance in typical high insolation climates as the majority of a system s generation, on average, occurs when module temperatures are well above 25 C (standard test conditions); 
 
 a superior spectral response in humid environments where atmospheric moisture alters the solar spectrum relative to standard test conditions; 
 
 a better partial shading response than competing crystalline silicon technologies, which may experience significantly lower energy generation than CdTe solar technologies when partial shading occurs; and 
 
 an immunity to cell cracking and its resulting power output loss, a common failure often observed in crystalline silicon modules caused by poor manufacturing, handling, weather, or other conditions. 
 
 In addition to these technological advantages, we warrant that our solar modules will produce at least 98 of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by a degradation factor between 0.3 and 0.5 , depending on the module series, every year thereafter throughout the limited power output warranty period of up to 30 years. As a result of these and other factors, our solar modules can produce more annual energy in real world operating conditions than conventional crystalline silicon modules with the same nameplate capacity. 
 
 While our modules are generally competitive in cost, reliability, and performance attributes, there can be no guarantee such competitiveness will continue to exist in the future to the same extent or at all. Any declines in the competitiveness of our products could result in further declines in the average selling prices of our modules and additional margin compression. Accordingly, we continue to focus on enhancing the competitiveness of our solar modules through our module technology and cost reduction roadmaps. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Certain Trends and Uncertainties 
 
 We believe that our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be favorably or unfavorably impacted by the following trends and uncertainties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for discussions of other risks (the Risk Factors that may affect us. 
 
 Our business is evolving worldwide and is shaped by the varying ways in which our offerings can be compelling and economically viable solutions to energy needs in various markets. In addressing electricity demands, we are focused on providing utility-scale module offerings in key geographic markets that we believe have a significant need for mass-scale PV solar electricity, including markets throughout the United States, India, and Europe. We closely evaluate and monitor the appropriate level of resources required to support such markets and their associated sales opportunities. When deployed in utility-scale applications, our modules provide energy at a lower LCOE compared to traditional forms of energy generation, making them an attractive alternative to or replacement for aging fossil fuel-based generation resources. Accordingly, future retirements of aging energy generation resources represent a significant increase in the potential market for solar energy. 
 
 Demand for our PV solar module offerings depends, in part, on market factors outside our control. For example, many governments have proposed or enacted policies or support programs intended to encourage renewable energy investments to achieve decarbonization objectives and/or establish greater energy independence. While we compete in markets that do not require solar-specific government subsidies or support programs, our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. Adverse changes in these factors could increase the cost of utility-scale systems, which could reduce demand for our solar modules. Recent developments to government support programs include the following: 
 
 United States. In August 2022, the U.S. President signed the IRA into law, which is intended to accelerate the country s ongoing transition to clean energy. Among other things, the financial incentives provided by the IRA have significantly increased demand for modules manufactured in the United States. Accordingly, the demand for these solar modules is expected to increase domestic manufacturing in the near term, which may result in localized supply chain constraints and periods of inflationary pricing for certain of our key raw materials. The financial incentives provided by the IRA have also increased demand for solar modules in general due to the incremental tax credit available for the qualified production of clean hydrogen that is powered by renewable resources. There are currently several critical and complex aspects of the IRA pending further technical guidance and final regulations from the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Given the complexities of the IRA, we continue to evaluate the extent of benefits available to us, which we expect will favorably impact our results of operations in future periods. For example, we currently expect to qualify for the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC, which provides certain specified benefits for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. See Note 5. Government Grants and Note 13. Income Taxes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of our expectation of the financial benefits available to us under the IRA and developments to technical guidance and regulations, respectively. 
 
 United States. In September 2023, the U.S. Department of Energy Solar Energy Technologies Office SETO announced the Advancing U.S. Thin-Film Solar Photovoltaics Funding Opportunity, which provides up to 44 million for qualifying solar R D projects related to CdTe development and the manufacturing of perovskite tandem PV products. In May 2024, SETO announced the award recipients for this funding opportunity, which included two of our R D projects. These grants are intended to accelerate and expand domestic solar R D to strengthen U.S. solar manufacturing and contribute to renewable energy targets. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 India . In March 2023, the government of India allocated financial incentives under the Production Linked Incentive PLI scheme to certain PV module manufacturers, including First Solar. The PLI scheme is expected to provide aggregate funding of INR 185 billion 2.2 billion), of which INR 11.8 billion 141 million) was allocated to First Solar, to promote the manufacturing of high efficiency solar modules in India and to reduce India s dependency on foreign imports of solar modules. Under the PLI scheme, manufacturers were selected through a competitive bid process and may be entitled to receive certain cash incentives over a five-year period following the commissioning of their manufacturing facilities. Among other things, such incentives are subject to attaining certain minimum thresholds for module efficiency and temperature coefficient and require that a certain proportion of raw materials be sourced from the domestic market. Such conditions will be evaluated on a quarterly basis from 2026 through 2031. At this time, it is uncertain to what extent we may qualify for such incentives. 
 
 Demand for our solar energy solutions also depends on domestic or international trade policies and government regulations, which may be proposed, revised, and/or enacted across short- and long-term time horizons with varying degrees of impact to our net sales, profit, and manufacturing operations. Changes in these policies and regulations could adversely impact the competitive landscape of solar markets, which could reduce demand for our solar modules. Recent revisions or proposed changes to trade policy and government regulations include the following: 
 
 United States . The United States currently imposes antidumping and countervailing duties AD/CVDs on certain imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such AD/CVDs can change over time pursuant to annual reviews conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce USDOC ), and a decline in duty rates or the USDOC s failure to fully enforce U.S. AD/CVD laws could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar panels completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the pre-existing AD/CVD orders on China. Such duties apply to circumventing imports on or after June 6, 2024, as well as any circumventing imports prior to that date that are not used or installed on or before December 3, 2024. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the USDOC and other U.S. government agencies do not enforce the affirmative circumvention rulings as expected or if pending litigation challenges result in a modification of the rulings. Conversely, effective enforcement could positively impact our operating results. 
 
 United States. In October 2023, a coalition of U.S. aluminum extruders and a labor union filed AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the U.S. International Trade Commission USITC related to aluminum extrusions from 15 countries. The USDOC and USITC have initiated investigations based on the petitions. We import certain items that appear to be within the scope of the investigations. The USITC issued affirmative preliminary AD/CVD determinations in November 2023, and its final AD/CVD determinations are expected to be announced on October 30, 2024. The USDOC issued preliminary and final AD determinations in May and September 2024, respectively, both of which found that our Malaysian supplier of aluminum extrusions was not dumping. 
 
 United States. In April 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, which includes First Solar, filed a set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the USITC to impose duties on certain unfairly traded solar products from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. The investigations could potentially lead to the imposition of AD/CVD orders on such solar products. In June 2024, the USITC issued affirmative preliminary determinations. In early October 2024, the USDOC announced preliminary affirmative determinations in the CVD investigations, finding that silicon solar cells and panels from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam are unfairly subsidized at rates ranging from de minimis to nearly 300 , depending on the particular foreign producer. The USDOC has imposed provisional CVDs accordingly. The USDOC is expected to announce preliminary determinations in the AD investigations in November 2024. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 India . The Approved List of Models and Manufacturers ALMM was introduced in 2021 as a non-tariff barrier to incentivize local manufacturing of PV modules by approving the list of models and manufacturers who can participate in certain solar development projects. The ALMM is approved by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, and any modifications to the list and its application may affect future investments in solar module manufacturing in India. In April 2024, the government of India reimposed the ALMM, thereby requiring solar project developers to procure qualifying modules from companies on the list, which includes our Indian manufacturing facility. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the ALMM requirements are significantly relaxed to allow modules to be imported from other countries. Also in April 2024, the ALMM was amended to include specific minimum conversion efficiency thresholds for CdTe solar technologies starting at 18 for solar lighting, 18.5 for rooftop applications, and 19 for utility-scale applications. 
 
 Our ability to provide solar modules on economically attractive terms is also affected by the availability and cost of logistics services associated with the procurement of raw materials or equipment used in our manufacturing process and the shipping, handling, storage, and distribution of our modules. To mitigate certain logistics costs, we employ commercial contract structures that provide additional consideration to us if the cost of logistics services, excluding demurrage and detention, exceeds defined thresholds. We may also adjust our shipping plans to include additional lead times for module deliveries and/or utilize our network of U.S. distribution centers to mitigate logistics costs. Additionally, our manufacturing capacity expansions are expected to bring production activities closer to customer demand, further mitigating our exposure to the cost of ocean freight. 
 
 We generally price and sell our solar modules on a per watt basis. As of September 30, 2024, we had entered into contracts with customers for the future sale of 72.8 GW of solar modules for an aggregate transaction price of billion, which we expect to recognize as revenue through 2030 as we transfer control of the modules to our customers. This volume and transaction price exclude contracts with customers in India for which payment has not been fully secured. This volume includes contracts for the sale of 37.3 GW of solar modules with anticipated price adjustments for future module technology improvements, including enhancements to certain energy related attributes. Based on these potential improvements, the contracted module volume as of September 30, 2024, the expected timing such improvements being incorporated into our manufacturing process, and the expected timing of module deliveries, such adjustments, if realized, could result in additional revenue of up to 0.7 billion, the majority of which would be recognized between 2026 and 2028. In addition to these price adjustments, certain of our contracts with customers may include favorable price adjustments associated with sales freight in excess of defined thresholds and/or favorable or unfavorable price adjustments associated with changes to (i) certain commodity prices, (ii) the module wattage committed for delivery, and (iii) the volume of modules sold that meet certain U.S. domestic content requirements. As a result, the revenue recognized from such contracts may increase or decrease in future periods relative to the original transaction price. 
 
 We monitor our modules expected performance through quality and reliability testing, as well as actual performance in certain field installation sites. Any declines in the expected performance attributes of our modules could adversely impact our financial results due to declines in the average selling prices of our modules and additional margin compression. For example, the recently identified manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules may adversely impact the average selling prices of our modules or the carrying value of our inventories. These manufacturing issues may also increase product warranty claims by our customers to resolve the premature power loss in affected modules. The remediation of any identified issues in our manufacturing process may result in increased costs as we resolve the identified issues. Any future manufacturing issues, including any additional commitment made by us to remediate the affected modules beyond our limited warranty, could also adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. We may also be subject to certain other risks and uncertainties surrounding module performance as described in Item 1A. Risk Factors Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected contractual damages and/or warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to increase the nameplate production capacity of our existing manufacturing facilities by improving our production throughput, increasing module wattage, and reducing manufacturing yield losses. Additionally, we are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity by approximately 5.8 GW, including the construction of our fifth manufacturing facility in the United States, as well as capacity expansion at our existing facilities. This additional capacity, and any other potential investments to add to or otherwise modify our existing manufacturing capacity in response to market demand and competition, may require significant internal and possibly external sources of capital, and may be subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 49.8 53.0 52.1 63.0 Gross profit 50.2 47.0 47.9 37.0 Selling, general and administrative 5.2 6.3 5.2 6.5 Research and development 5.7 5.1 5.4 5.0 Production start-up 3.0 1.5 2.6 2.5 Litigation loss 1.6 Gain on sales of businesses, net Operating income 36.3 34.1 34.8 21.3 Foreign currency loss, net (0.6) (0.1) (0.7) (0.5) Interest income 2.5 2.9 2.8 3.4 Interest expense, net (1.0) (0.5) (1.0) (0.3) Other expense, net (0.3) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) Income tax expense (1.6) (2.8) (2.3) (1.5) Net income 35.3 33.5 33.4 22.3 

Segment Overview 
 
 Our primary segment is our modules business, which involves the design, manufacture, and sale of CdTe solar modules, which convert sunlight into electricity. Third-party customers of our modules segment include system developers, independent power producers, utilities, commercial and industrial companies, and other system owners and operators. Our residual business operations include certain project development activities, O M services, the results of operations from PV solar power systems we owned and operated in certain international regions, and the sale of such systems to third-party customers. 
 
 Net sales 
 
 We generally price and sell our solar modules on a per watt basis. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold the majority of our solar modules to developers and operators of systems in the United States, and substantially all of our modules business sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. We recognize revenue for module sales at a point in time following the transfer of control of the modules to the customer, which typically occurs upon delivery of the modules to the location specified in the terms of the underlying contract. Net sales from our residual business operations primarily consists of revenue recognized for sales of development projects or completed systems, including any modules installed in such systems and any revenue from energy generated by such systems. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Modules 886,655 800,393 86,262 11 2,688,854 2,139,220 549,634 26 Other 1,013 697 316 45 3,404 20,829 (17,425) (84) Net sales 887,668 801,090 86,578 11 2,692,258 2,160,049 532,209 25 
 
 Net sales increased 86.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a 9 increase in the volume of modules sold to third parties and termination payments of 72.3 million associated with certain customer contract terminations in the U.S. and India, partially offset by a current period reduction in revenue of approximately 50 million related to manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Net sales increased 532.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a 21 increase in the volume of modules sold to third parties and an increase in termination payments of 93.4 million associated with certain customer contract terminations in the U.S. and India, partially offset by approximately 50 million for the manufacturing issues discussed above and the recognition of contingent earnouts in the previous period for historical project sales related to our residual business operations. 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 Our modules business cost of sales includes the cost of raw materials and components for manufacturing solar modules, such as glass, transparent conductive coatings, CdTe and other thin film semiconductors, laminate materials, connector assemblies, edge seal materials, and frames or back rails. In addition, our cost of sales includes direct labor for the manufacturing of solar modules and manufacturing overhead, such as engineering, equipment maintenance, quality and production control, and information technology. Our cost of sales also includes depreciation of manufacturing plant and equipment, facility-related expenses, environmental health and safety costs, and costs associated with shipping, warranties, and solar module collection and recycling (excluding accretion). Cost of sales for our residual business operations includes project-related costs, such as development costs (legal, consulting, transmission upgrade, interconnection, permitting, and other similar costs), EPC costs (consisting primarily of solar modules, inverters, electrical and mounting hardware, project management and engineering, and construction labor), and site-specific costs. 
 
 The following table shows cost of sales by reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Modules 438,274 433,034 5,240 1 1,395,972 1,363,050 32,922 2 Other 4,083 (8,119) 12,202 N/A 6,083 (1,647) 7,730 N/A Cost of sales 442,357 424,915 17,442 4 1,402,055 1,361,403 40,652 3 of net sales 49.8 53.0 52.1 63.0 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales increased 17.4 million, or 4 , and decreased 3.2 percentage points as a percent of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cost of sales was driven by a 5.2 million increase in our modules segment cost of sales primarily due to (i) higher costs of 47.3 million due to an increase in the volume of modules sold and (ii) higher module storage costs of 22.6 million. These increases were partially offset by (iii) a higher sales mix of modules qualifying for the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC, which decreased cost of sales by 60.4 million. The increase in cost of sales was also driven by (iv) a 12.2 million increase in our residual business operations cost of sales primarily due to a favorable prior period settlement with a former supplier, which resulted in an 8.4 million benefit to cost of sales. 
 
 Cost of sales increased 40.7 million, or 3 , and decreased 10.9 percentage points as a percent of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cost of sales was driven by a 32.9 million increase in our modules segment cost of sales primarily due to (i) higher costs of 309.9 million due to an increase in the volume of modules sold and (ii) higher module storage costs of 66.5 million. These increases were partially offset by (iii) the recognition of the above-mentioned advanced manufacturing production credit, which decreased cost of sales by 288.3 million, (iv) lower sales freight of 36.1 million, and (v) lower production ramp costs of 30.0 million. The increase in cost of sales was also driven by (vi) a 7.7 million increase in our residual business operations cost of sales as operations continue to wind down. 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 Gross profit may be affected by numerous factors, including the selling prices of our modules and the selling prices of projects and services included in our residual business operations, our manufacturing costs, the capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities, and foreign exchange rates. Gross profit may also be affected by the mix of net sales from our modules business and residual business operations. 
 
 The following table shows gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Gross profit 445,311 376,175 69,136 18 1,290,203 798,646 491,557 62 of net sales 50.2 47.0 47.9 37.0 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 3.2 percentage points to 50.2 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 47.0 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) termination payments associated with certain customer contract terminations in the U.S. and India and (ii) a higher sales mix of modules qualifying for the advanced manufacturing production credit described above. These increases were partially offset by (iii) a current period reduction in revenue related to the previously described manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024 and (iv) higher module storage costs. 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 10.9 percentage points to 47.9 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 37.0 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) a higher sales mix of modules qualifying for the advanced manufacturing production credit described above, (ii) the customer contract termination payments described above, and (iii) an increase in the volume of modules sold. These increases were partially offset by (iv) higher module storage costs and (v) a current period reduction in revenue related to the previously described manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs, professional fees, insurance costs, and other business development and selling expenses. 
 
 The following table shows selling, general and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Selling, general and administrative 46,293 50,172 (3,879) (8) 138,680 140,528 (1,848) (1) of net sales 5.2 6.3 5.2 6.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower employee bonus expense and lower expected credit losses, partially offset by higher costs for certain legal matters and consulting services. 
 
 Research and development 
 
 Research and development expense consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs; the cost of products, materials, and outside services used in our R D activities; and depreciation and amortization expense associated with R D specific facilities and equipment. We maintain a number of programs and activities to improve our technology and processes in order to enhance the performance and reduce the costs of our solar modules. 
 
 The following table shows research and development expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Research and development 50,197 41,190 9,007 22 144,876 108,445 36,431 34 of net sales 5.7 5.1 5.4 5.0 
 
 Research and development expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher depreciation and maintenance costs resulting from our significant investments in R D facilities and equipment. 
 
 Production start-up 
 
 Production start-up expense consists of costs associated with operating a production line before it is qualified for commercial production, including the cost of raw materials for solar modules run through the production line during the qualification phase, employee compensation for individuals supporting production start-up activities, and applicable facility related costs. Production start-up expense also includes costs related to the selection of a new site and implementation costs for manufacturing process improvements to the extent we cannot capitalize these expenditures. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows production start-up expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Production start-up 26,822 12,059 14,763 122 69,681 54,930 14,751 27 of net sales 3.0 1.5 2.6 2.5 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred production start-up expense primarily for our fourth manufacturing facility in the U.S., which commenced operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred production start-up expense primarily for our first manufacturing facility in India, which commenced operations during 2023. 
 
 Foreign currency loss, net 
 
 Foreign currency loss, net consists of the net effect of gains and losses resulting from holding assets and liabilities and conducting transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries functional currencies. 
 
 The following table shows foreign currency loss, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Foreign currency loss, net (5,158) (987) (4,171) 423 (17,665) (11,586) (6,079) 52 
 
 Foreign currency loss, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 largely due to higher costs associated with hedging activities related to our subsidiaries in India and certain other subsidiaries with exposure to the Euro. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income is earned on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, restricted cash, restricted cash equivalents, and restricted marketable securities. Interest income also includes interest earned from late customer payments. 
 
 The following table shows interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Interest income 22,580 23,254 (674) (3) 74,424 74,102 322 
 
 Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was consistent with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net is primarily comprised of interest incurred on debt. We may capitalize interest expense to our property, plant and equipment when such costs qualify for interest capitalization, which reduces the amount of net interest expense reported in any given period. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows interest expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Interest expense, net (9,008) (3,734) (5,274) 141 (27,983) (5,897) (22,086) 375 
 
 Interest expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to additional borrowing under various arrangements in India. 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 Other expense, net is primarily comprised of miscellaneous items and realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities and restricted marketable securities. 
 
 The following table shows other expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Other expense, net (3,071) (1,033) (2,038) 197 (6,435) (1,492) (4,943) 331 
 
 Other expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to commitment fees on our Revolving Credit Facility and costs associated with the liquidation of certain inactive legal entities. 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Income tax expense or benefit, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect our best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, principally Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, and India. Significant judgments and estimates are required to determine our consolidated income tax expense. The statutory federal corporate income tax rate in the United States is 21 , and the tax rates in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, and India are 17 , 24 , 20 , and 17 , respectively. In Malaysia, we have been granted a long-term tax holiday, scheduled to expire in 2027, pursuant to which substantially all of our income earned in Malaysia is exempt from income tax, conditional upon our continued compliance with certain employment and investment thresholds. In Vietnam, we have been granted a long-term tax incentive, scheduled to expire at the end of 2036, pursuant to which income earned in Vietnam is subject to reduced annual tax rates, conditional upon our continued compliance with certain revenue and R D spending thresholds. 
 
 The following table shows income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Month Change 2024 2023 Nine Month Change Income tax expense (14,386) (22,067) 7,681 (35) (61,064) (33,071) (27,993) 85 Effective tax rate 4.4 7.6 6.4 6.4 
 
 Our tax rate is affected by the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X and recurring items such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. The rate is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given period but are not consistent from period to period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reversed our position to indefinitely reinvest the accumulated earnings of a foreign subsidiary and recorded discrete tax expense of approximately 6 million. There were no other changes to our indefinite reinvestment assertions during the period. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax expense decreased 7.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher prior period losses in certain jurisdictions for which no tax benefit could be recorded, partially offset by higher pretax income and the effect of tax law changes associated with the proposed FTC regulations. 
 
 Income tax expense increased 28.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher pretax income, lower excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, and the discrete tax expense associated with the reversal of our indefinite reinvestment assertion described above, partially offset by higher prior period losses in certain jurisdictions for which no tax benefit could be recorded. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Some of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment in the selection of the appropriate assumptions for making these estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. We base our judgments and estimates on our historical experience, our forecasts, and other available information as appropriate. We believe the judgments and estimates involved in accrued solar module collection and recycling, product warranties, and government grants have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future results of operations will be affected. For a description of the accounting policies that require the most significant judgment and estimates in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which requires greater disaggregation of an entity s income tax disclosures. Among other things, ASU 2023-09 requires entities to disclose (i) specific categories in the effective tax rate reconciliation, (ii) pretax income or loss from continuing operations, separated between domestic and foreign jurisdictions, (iii) income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations, separated by federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions, and (iv) income taxes paid to federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions. ASU 2023-09 is effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024; although early adoption is permitted, we do not intend to do so. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2023-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and associated disclosures. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flows from operating activities, and contracts with customers for the future sale of solar modules will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. In addition, we have availability under our Revolving Credit Facility, which is unused as of September 30, 2024. As necessary, we also believe we will have adequate access to the capital markets. We monitor our working capital to ensure we have adequate liquidity, both domestically and internationally. We intend to maintain appropriate debt levels based upon cash flow expectations, our overall cost of capital, and expected cash requirements for operations, including near-term construction activities and purchases of manufacturing equipment for our newest manufacturing facilities in the United States. However, our ability to raise capital on terms commercially acceptable to us could be constrained if there is insufficient lender or investor interest due to company-specific, industry-wide, or broader market concerns. Any incremental debt financing could result in increased debt service expenses and/or restrictive covenants, which could limit our ability to pursue our strategic plans. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared to 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by purchases of property, plant and equipment for our U.S. and Indian facilities, various operating expenditures, and certain advance payments for raw materials, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of Section 45X tax credits and net cash receipts from module sales. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 0.5 billion and 1.2 billion of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, respectively, was held by our foreign subsidiaries and was primarily based in U.S. dollar denominated holdings. Our investment policy seeks to preserve our investment principal and maintain adequate liquidity to meet our cash flow requirements, while at the same time optimizing the return on our investments. Such policy applies to all invested funds, whether managed internally or externally. Pursuant to such policy, we place our investments with a diversified group of high-quality financial institutions and limit the concentration of such investments with any one counterparty. We place significant emphasis on the creditworthiness of financial institutions and assess the credit ratings and financial health of our counterparty financial institutions when making investment decisions. 
 
 We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. If certain international funds were needed for our operations in the United States, we may be required to accrue and pay certain U.S. and foreign taxes to repatriate such funds. We maintain the intent and ability to permanently reinvest our accumulated earnings outside the United States, with the exception of certain subsidiaries for which applicable income taxes have been recorded as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reversed our position to indefinitely reinvest the accumulated earnings of a foreign subsidiary, allowing us to repatriate 1.0 billion of offshore funds to support our strategic investments in the United States. Our worldwide cash may also be affected by changes to foreign government banking regulations that restrict our ability to move funds among various jurisdictions under certain circumstances, which could negatively impact our access to capital, resulting in an adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 Although we compete in markets that do not require solar-specific government subsidies or support programs, such incentives continue to influence the demand for PV solar energy around the world. For example, the financial incentives provided by the IRA are expected to increase both the demand for, and the domestic manufacturing of, solar modules in the United States. We continue to evaluate the extent of benefits available to us by the IRA, which are expected to favorably impact our liquidity and capital resources in future periods. For example, we currently expect to qualify for the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC, which provides certain specified benefits for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. Such credit may be refundable by the IRS or transferable to a third party and is available from 2023 to 2032, subject to phase down beginning in 2030. Based on the current form factor of our modules, we expect to qualify for a credit of approximately 17 cents per watt for each module produced in the United States and sold to a third party. Accordingly, we expect the advanced manufacturing production credit will provide us with a significant 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 source of funding throughout its 10-year period. In December 2023, we entered into an agreement with Fiserv for the sale of 687.2 million of Section 45X tax credits we generated during 2023 for aggregate cash proceeds of 659.7 million. We received the full cash proceeds during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For more information about certain risks associated with the benefits available to us under the IRA, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 5. Government Grants to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about government grants. 
 
 As a result of various market opportunities and increased demand for our products, we commenced production of Series 7 modules at our third manufacturing facility in Ohio and our first manufacturing facility in India during 2023 and at our first manufacturing facility in Alabama during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity, including the construction of our fifth manufacturing facility in the United States, which is expected to commence operations in the second half of 2025. We anticipate our remaining investment in this U.S. facility to be approximately 0.9 billion, which is expected to be incurred throughout 2024 and 2025. The capital expenditures necessary to expand our capacity may be financed, in part, by cash on hand, advance payments from customers for module sales in future periods, the advanced manufacturing production credit described above, and/or near-term bridge financing instruments. 
 
 In addition to the expansion described above, we continue to increase the nameplate production capacity of our existing manufacturing facilities by improving our production throughput, increasing module wattage, and reducing manufacturing yield losses. We have a demonstrated history of innovation, continuous improvement, and manufacturing success driven by our significant investments in various R D initiatives. We continue to invest significant financial resources in such initiatives, including the completion of a dedicated R D innovation center in the United States to support the implementation of our technology roadmap. This facility features a high-tech pilot manufacturing line, which is expected to enable the production of full-sized prototypes of thin film and tandem PV modules. Such R D facility was commissioned in July 2024. During 2024, we expect to spend approximately 1.6 billion for capital expenditures, including the new facilities mentioned above, and upgrades to machinery and equipment that we believe will further increase our module wattage and expand capacity and throughput at our facilities. These capital investments, and any other potential investments to implement our technology roadmap, may require significant internal and possibly external sources of capital, and may be subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 We have also committed and expect to continue to commit significant working capital to purchase various raw materials used in our module manufacturing process. Our failure to obtain raw materials and components that meet our quality, quantity, and cost requirements in a timely manner could interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture our solar modules or increase our manufacturing costs. Accordingly, we may enter into long-term supply agreements to mitigate potential risks related to the procurement of key raw materials and components, and such agreements may be noncancelable or cancelable with a significant penalty. For example, we have entered into long-term supply agreements for the purchase of certain specified minimum volumes of substrate glass and cover glass for our PV solar modules. We have the right to terminate certain of these agreements upon payment of specified termination penalties (which, in aggregate, are up to 503.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and decline over the remaining supply periods). Additionally, for certain strategic suppliers, we have made, and may in the future be required to make, certain advance payments to secure the raw materials necessary for our module manufacturing. 
 
 We have also committed certain financial resources to fulfill our solar module collection and recycling obligations and have established a trust under which these funds are put into custodial accounts with an established and reputable bank. As of September 30, 2024, such funds were comprised of restricted marketable securities of 211.1 million and associated restricted cash and cash equivalents balances of 4.5 million. As of September 30, 2024, our module collection and recycling liability was 139.0 million. Trust funds may be disbursed for qualified module collection and recycling costs (including capital and facility related recycling costs), payments to customers for assuming collection and recycling obligations, and reimbursements of any overfunded amounts. Investments in the trust must meet certain investment quality criteria comparable to highly rated government or 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 agency bonds. As necessary, we adjust the funded amounts for our estimated collection and recycling obligations based on the estimated costs of collecting and recycling covered modules, estimated rates of return on our restricted marketable securities, and an estimated solar module life of 25 years, less amounts already funded in prior years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than financial assurance related instruments, which are not classified as debt. We do not guarantee any third-party debt. See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about our financial assurance related instruments. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes key cash flow activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 407,003 41,151 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,341,921) (299,630) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (5,879) 276,114 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (2,805) (855) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (943,602) 16,780 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by proceeds from the sale of Section 45X tax credits and higher cash receipts from module sales in the current period, partially offset by an increase in payments made to suppliers compared to the prior period. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to lower proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities in the current period and higher purchases of property, plant and equipment in the current period for our U.S. and Indian facilities, partially offset by lower purchases of marketable securities and restricted marketable securities in the current period. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to repayment of debt in the current period. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to the information previously provided under Item 7A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2024 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We also carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) to determine whether any changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, there were no such changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 CEO and CFO Certifications 
 
 We have attached as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with the Exchange Act. We recommend that this Item 4. be read in conjunction with those certifications for a more complete understanding of the subject matter presented. 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems objectives are being met. Further, the design of any system of controls must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of all controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of error or mistake. Control systems can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies under the heading Legal Proceedings of our condensed consolidated financial statements for legal proceedings and related matters. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Except for the risk factor set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected contractual damages and/or warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. 
 
 We perform a variety of module quality and life tests under different environmental conditions upon which we base our assessments of future module performance over the duration of the warranty. However, if our thin film solar modules perform below expectations, we could experience significant warranty and related expenses, damage to our market reputation, and erosion of our market share. With respect to our modules, we provide a limited warranty covering defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for up to 12.5 years. We also typically warrant that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 98 of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by a degradation factor every year thereafter throughout the limited power output warranty period of up to 30 years. Among other things, our solar module warranty also covers the resulting power output loss from cell cracking. 
 
 We have identified manufacturing issues affecting certain Series 7 modules manufactured in 2023 and 2024 that may cause the modules to experience premature power loss once installed in the field. We currently believe the primary causes of the issues have been identified and we have taken actions to address such issues. The ultimate loss we will incur for these manufacturing issues will depend on the extent of the premature power loss that is experienced in relation to the obligations under our limited product warranties, as well as any additional commitments we may make to remediate the affected modules. Based on currently available information and certain assumptions and estimates, we believe a reasonable estimate of the aggregate losses related to these manufacturing issues will range from approximately 50 million to 100 million. At this time, no individual amount within that range is a better estimate than any other amount. Accordingly, we increased our product warranty liability by the low end of the range. The estimated range set forth above was based on our evaluation of the currently available information, including select samples of module performance data from several locations, the estimated number of affected modules, and projections of probable costs to remediate the issues. If any of our estimates or assumptions related to the above referenced manufacturing issues are not accurate, we may be required to accrue additional expenses, which could adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 If any of the other assumptions used in estimating our module warranties prove incorrect, we may also be required to accrue additional expenses, which could adversely impact our financial position, operating results, and cash flows. Although we have taken significant precautions to avoid future manufacturing issues from occurring, any manufacturing issues, including any additional commitments made by us to take remediation actions in respect of affected modules beyond the stated remedies in our warranties, could also adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Although our module performance warranties extend for up to 30 years, our oldest solar modules manufactured during the qualification of our pilot production line have only been in use since 2001. Accordingly, our warranties are based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance. These predictions, however, could prove to be materially different from the actual performance during the warranty period, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar modules or provide financial remuneration in the future. For example, our solar modules could suffer various failures, including breakage, delamination, corrosion, or performance degradation in excess of expectations, and our manufacturing operations or supply chain could be subject to material or process variations that could cause affected modules to fail or underperform compared to our expectations. These risks could be amplified as we implement design and process changes in connection with our efforts to improve our products and module wattage as part of our long-term strategic plans. In addition, if we increase the number of installations in extreme climates, we may experience increased failure rates due to deployment into such field conditions. Any widespread product failures may damage our market reputation, cause our net sales to decline, require us to repair or replace the defective modules or provide financial remuneration, and result in us taking voluntary remedial measures beyond those required by our standard warranty terms to enhance customer satisfaction, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 In resolving claims under both the limited defect and power output warranties, we typically have the option of either repairing or replacing the covered modules or, under the limited power output warranty, providing additional modules to remedy the power shortfall or making certain cash payments; however, historical versions of our module warranty did not provide a refund remedy. Consequently, we may be obligated to repair or replace the covered modules under such historical programs. As our manufacturing process may change from time-to-time in accordance with our technology roadmap, we may elect to stop production of older versions of our modules that would constitute compatible replacement modules. In some jurisdictions, our inability to provide compatible replacement modules could potentially expose us to liabilities beyond the limitations of our module warranties, which could adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 In addition to our limited solar module warranties described above, for PV solar power systems we have constructed for customers in prior periods, we have provided limited warranties for defects in engineering design, installation, and balance of systems BoS part workmanship for a period of one to two years following the substantial completion of a system or a block within the system. BoS parts represent mounting, electrical, and other parts used in PV solar power systems. In resolving claims under such BoS warranties, we have the option of remedying the defect through repair or replacement. As with our modules, these warranties are based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance. Any underperformance or failures in BoS equipment beyond our expectations may also adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, our contracts with customers may include provisions with particular product specifications, minimum wattage requirements, and specified delivery schedules. These contracts may be terminated, or we may incur significant liquidated damages or other damages, if we fail to perform our contractual obligations. In addition, our costs to perform under these contracts may exceed our estimates, which could adversely impact our profitability. Any failures to comply with our contracts for the sale of our modules could adversely impact our reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 of our officers or directors or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements. However, certain of our officers adopted Rule 10b5-1 trading plans for the sale of our securities. The following table provides certain terms of such plans: 
 Name 
 Position 
 Action 
 Adoption Date 
 Expiration Date 
 Aggregate Number of Securities to be Sold (1) 

(1) Represents the gross number of shares subject to the Rule 10b5-1(c) plan, excluding the potential effect of shares withheld for taxes. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of First Solar, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Solar, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 25, 2006) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Solar, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Solar, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filings. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FIRST SOLAR, INC. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ BYRON JEFFERS Name: Byron Jeffers Title: Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 57 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311certificationofchiefe.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, AS 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark R. Widmar, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

October 29, 2024 By s MARK R. WIDMAR Name Mark R. Widmar Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312certificationofchieff.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, AS 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Alexander R. Bradley, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

October 29, 2024 By s ALEXANDER R. BRADLEY Name Alexander R. Bradley Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321certificationofchiefe.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each of the undersigned officers of First Solar, Inc. certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his respective knowledge 
 
 (1) the quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of First Solar, Inc. for the periods presented therein 
 
 October 29, 2024 By s MARK R. WIDMAR Name Mark R. Widmar Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 29, 2024 By s ALEXANDER R. BRADLEY Name Alexander R. Bradley Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fslr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fslr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fslr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fslr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fslr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

