<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241227_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1300781_0001683168-24-009008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6447069</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113878</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1125577</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1899831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1342386</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1772684</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-009008.hdr.sgml : 20241227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241227144917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-009008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DH ENCHANTMENT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001300781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				201415044
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56322
		FILM NUMBER:		241585469

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3/F, YEUNG YIU CHUNG (NO.6)
		STREET 2:		19 CHEUNG SHUN STREET, LAI CHI KOK
		CITY:			KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-34263795

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3/F, YEUNG YIU CHUNG (NO.6)
		STREET 2:		19 CHEUNG SHUN STREET, LAI CHI KOK
		CITY:			KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Energy Management International Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Energy Management International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AmeriVestors Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040818

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-009008.txt : 20241227

10-Q/A
 1
 dhenchantment_i10qa1-93024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. 10-Q/A 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

 (Amendment No. 1) 

(Mark One) 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
To 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Unit A, 13/F, Gee Luen Factory Building 5. 
 316-318 Kwun Tong Road 
 Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller 

 reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, par value .001 per share, as of November 19, 2024, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 11 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (restated) and March 31, 2024 (audited and restated) 
 
 11 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
 2023 (restated) 
 
 12 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (restated) 
 
 13 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Deficit for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
 (restated) 
 
 14 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 36 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 45 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 45 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 46 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 46 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 46 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 46 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 46 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 46 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 46 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 48 

2 

Explanatory Note 

This Amendment No.
1 to Form 10-Q (this Amendment or Amendment No. 1 amends the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2024 originally filed on November 19, 2024 (the Original Filing by DH Enchantment, Inc., a Nevada
corporation ENMI the Company, we, or us ). We are filing this Amendment to restate
the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes as of March 31, 2024 and the three and six months ended September
30, 2024 (collectively, the Previous Financial Statements ). 

Restatement Background 

On September 16,
2024, 2024, the Company completed the merger (the Merger with OAC pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange
Agreement, with OAC surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of ENMI. 

The Merger was deemed
to be a reverse merger for accounting purpose. Consequently, the following errors were identified: 

(i) 
 Adjustment #1: Misstatement relating to the Company s bank
 borrowing pledged against the director s personal property 

(ii) 
 Adjustment #2: Reclassification of current and non-current portions
 of the bank borrowings 

(iii) 
 Adjustment #3: Reallocation of accumulated losses of legal acquirer
 upon the recapitalization under the Merger 

(iv) 
 Adjustment #4: Reclassification of cost of revenue from third parties
 to related party 

(v) 
 Adjustment #5: Reclassification for net proceeds from bank borrowings 

These errors did
not impact the Company s cash position, revenues, results of operation and loss per share. 

This Amendment does
not reflect events occurring after the filing of our Original Filing, or modify or update those disclosures, except as disclosed in our
financial statement footnote subsequent event disclosures. The following sections of our Original Filing have been amended: 

Part I 
Item 1 Financial Statements; and 

 Part I 
Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Amendment has
been signed as of a current date and all certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are given as of a
current date. Accordingly, this Amendment should be read in conjunction with our filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission
subsequent to the filing of the Original Filing. 

3 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 

DH Enchantment Inc. is
a Nevada holding company with no operations of its own. DH Enchantment Inc. operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries OLS APAC Corporation,
a British Virgin Island corporation OAC ), Online Logistics Services Limited, a Hong Kong private limited company OLSL and Online Logistics Services Limited Taiwan Branch, a registered foreign branch of OLSL in Taiwan OLTW ). OAC is engaged
primarily in the logistics business. OAC s operations are located in Hong Kong and Taiwan and are solely conducted through OLSL
and OLTW. All references in this Quarterly Report to the Company, we, us or our 
are to DH Enchantment Inc., OAC, OLSL and OLTW on a consolidated basis. 

Our investors will hold common
stock of DH Enchantment, Inc., the Nevada holding company that has no operations of its own, and not in OLSL or OLTW, its operating companies.
This holding company structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiary
and Taiwan branch. Holding indirect equity interests in OLSL and OLTW, our operating subsidiaries, is not as effective as holding a direct
ownership interest as DH Enchantment, Inc. will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance the cash flow needs of
DH Enchantment, Inc. DH Enchantment, Inc. s ability to obtain contributions from its subsidiaries are significantly affected by
regulations promulgated by Hong Kong and Taiwan authorities. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer cash or assets
to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. As a result, any change in the interpretation of existing
rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations that adversely affects our ability to transfer cash or assets may
adversely affect our operations and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline
or become worthless. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Risk
Factors- Our Hong Kong and Taiwan subsidiaries may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which
may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of DH Enchantment, Inc. s
common stock. and more generally, Risk Factors Risk Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and Taiwan . 
set forth in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2024 (the Current Report ). 

DH Enchantment, Inc. and OLSL,
our Hong Kong subsidiary, are not required to obtain permission from Hong Kong or Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. DH Enchantment,
Inc. and OLSL are not subject to permission requirements from any other governmental agencies to approve OAC s operations. OAC has
received all requisite permissions to operate its business. The business of OLSL until now is not subject to cybersecurity
review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) OLSL s products and services are only offered to consumer
and business customers in Hong Kong; (ii) OLSL does not possess a large amount of personal information in its business operations. In
addition, we believe that OLSL is not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level
of our revenues and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence
over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had
no impact on OAC s daily business operation, our ability to accept foreign investments and the ability of DH Enchantment, Inc. to
list its securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC
and Hong Kong government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign
ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject
to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard. For example, if DH Enchantment, Inc. or OLSL inadvertently
concludes that such approvals are not required, or if applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change such that we are required
to obtain approvals in the future, or if the PRC government disallows our holding company structure, these actions would likely result
in a material change in our operations, including our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on OLSL s
current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to offer securities of DH Enchantment, Inc. to its investors. These
adverse actions would likely cause the value of DH Enchantment, Inc. s common stock to significantly decline or become worthless.
We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory
Commission, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability of DH Enchantment, Inc. s
securities to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which would likely cause the value of its securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company s operations in Hong Kong, please refer
to Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and Taiwan . set forth in the
Current Report. 

4 

There are prominent
legal and operational risks associated with our operations being based in Hong Kong which could result in a material change in our operations
and the value of DH Enchantment, Inc. s securities. We are subject to risks arising from the legal system in China where
there are risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws including where the Chinese government can change the rules and regulations
in China and Hong Kong, including the enforcement and interpretation thereof, at any time with little to no advance notice and can intervene
at any time with little to no advance notice. By way of example, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements
to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market,
enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend
the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. While these regulatory actions and statements
currently do not impact our business or our ability to accept foreign investments or list our securities on a U.S. or foreign exchange,
the Chinese government can change its rules and regulations and the enforcement and interpretation thereof with little to no advance notice.
Such changes in Chinese internal regulatory mandates, such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the Data Security Law, may target
the Company s corporate structure and negatively impact our ability to conduct business in Hong Kong, accept foreign investments,
or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. These risks may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Please see Risk
Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and Taiwan. set forth in the Current Report. 

The recent joint statement
by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) all call for additional and more stringent criteria to
be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not
inspected by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and the Accelerating
the Holding Foreign Companies Account Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor, and that
as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under
the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or being delisted. Our auditor
is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, in the event the Nigerian and Malaysian authorities
subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to change our auditor to avoid having our
securities delisted. Please see Risk Factors- The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within three years. This three- year period
was shortened to two years upon the enactment of the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act in December 2022. There are
uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable
to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register DH Enchantment, Inc. s registration with the SEC and delist its
securities from applicable trading market within the US. set forth in the Current Report. 

In addition to the foregoing
risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong and China as summarized
below and in Risk Factors Risks Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and Taiwan. set forth
in the Current Report. 

Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

DH Enchantment, Inc . is a holding company and will rely on dividends paid by its subsidiaries for its cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of its subsidiaries to make payments to DH Enchantment, Inc. could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy stock of DH Enchantment, Inc. if you expect dividends. 

5 

There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. We rely on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we may incur. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see the following risk factors set forth in the Current Report: Risk Factors - Our Hong Kong subsidiary may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of DH Enchantment, Inc. s common stock. Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. and Transfers of Cash to and from our Subsidiaries. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to DH Enchantment, Inc. s operating subsidiary in Hong Kong. 

Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

We
 are subject to the risks arising from the legal system in China. The Chinese government can change the rules
and regulations in China and Hong Kong, including the enforcement and interpretation thereof, at any time with little to no advance notice
and can intervene at any time with little to no advance notice. OLSL is currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities
to list on U.S. exchanges. However, if the subsidiaries of DH Enchantment, Inc. or the holding company were required to obtain approval
in the future, or we erroneously conclude that approvals were not required, or OLSL was denied permission from Chinese authorities to
operate or to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on a U.S. exchange and the value of DH Enchantment, Inc.
common stock would likely significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. There
is a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence OLSL s operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of DH Enchantment, Inc. s securities. Further, any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control
over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers would likely significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer DH Enchantment, Inc. securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless. Please
 see the following risk factors set forth in the Current Report: Risk Factors-We face the risk that changes in the
 policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the Hong Kong and the
 profitability of such business . and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the
 political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business
 that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial
 condition . 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

OLSL may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. OLSL may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investments in, Hong Kong entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using proceeds from this offering and/or future financing activities to make loans or additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong operating subsidiary. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong subsidiary, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong subsidiary to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

6 

The
 recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) all call for additional and
 more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially
 the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign
 Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor, and that as a result
 an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign
 Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions
 under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or being
 delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the
 HFCAA, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect
 or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in
 mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However,
 in the event the Nigerian and Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then
 we would need to change our auditor to avoid having our securities delisted. Please see the following risk factors set forth in the
 Current Report: Risk Factors- The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within three years. This three-year
 period wase shortened to two years upon the enactment of the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act in December
 2022. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities
 regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities
 regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register DH Enchantment, Inc. s
 registration with the SEC and delist its securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

DH
 Enchantment, Inc. is organized under the laws of the State of Nevada as a holding company that conducts its business through a
 number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong, Taiwan and the British Virgin Islands.
 This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these
 entities, bring actions in Hong Kong or Taiwan against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and
 directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. 

U.S.
 regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in Hong Kong
 or Taiwan. 

There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by a PRC subsidiary to offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. 

7 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

DH Enchantment, Inc. is a
Nevada holding company with no operations of its own. DH Enchantment, Inc. conducts its operations in Hong Kong primarily through OLSL
and OLTW, DH Enchantment, Inc. s subsidiary in Hong Kong and branch in Taiwan, respectively. DH Enchantment, Inc. may rely on dividends
to be paid by its Hong Kong and Taiwan subsidiaries to fund its cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay
dividends and other cash distributions to its shareholders, to service any debt it may incur and to pay its operating expenses. In order
for DH Enchantment, Inc. to pay dividends to its shareholders, it will rely on payments made from its Hong Kong and Taiwan subsidiaries
to DH Enchantment, Inc. As of the date of this prospectus, DH Enchantment, Inc. does not have bank accounts. There has been no dividends,
distributions or any other cash flows or transfers of assets made among the holding company or the subsidiaries and no dividends, distributions
or any other cash flows or transfers of assets made to U.S. investors. Please see our consolidated financial statements beginning on
page F-1 of this Current Report. 

DH Enchantment, Inc. does
not intend to make dividends or distributions to investors of DH Enchantment, Inc. in the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

DH Enchantment, Inc. (Nevada
corporation) 

Subject to the Nevada Revised
Statutes and our bylaws, the board of directors of DH Enchantment, Inc. may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time
and of such an amount as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value
of the assets of DH Enchantment, Inc. will exceed its liabilities and it will be able to pay its debts as they become due. There is no
further Nevada statutory restriction on the amount of funds which may be distributed by DH Enchantment, Inc.by dividend to its U.S. investors.
DH Enchantment, Inc. is permitted under the Nevada laws to provide funding to its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Taiwan and the British Virgin
Islands through loans or capital contributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds. 

OLS APAC Corporation (British
Virgin Islands) 

OAC is permitted under the
laws of BVI to provide funding to and receive funding from DH Enchantment, Inc. and its subsidiaries through dividend distributions or
other payments of cash without restrictions on the amount of the funds. There are no BVI law restrictions on OAC s ability to receive
and provide funding from DH Enchantment Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Online Logistics Services
Limited (Hong Kong) 

Online Logistics Services
is permitted under the laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to and receive funding from DH Enchantment, Inc., OAC and OLTW through dividend
distributions or other payments of cash without restrictions on the amount of the funds. If DH Enchantment, Inc. s Hong Kong
subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or
make other distributions to us. There are no HK law restrictions on Online Logistics Services ability to transfer cash to or receive
cash from the BVI or Nevada entity in the event Online Logistics Services incurs debt. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by OLSL. There are no
restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion of HK dollar into foreign currencies and the remittance
of currencies out of Hong Kong or across borders and to U.S investors. The laws and regulations of the PRC currently may materially impact
the transfer of cash from DH Enchantment, Inc. to OLSL or from OLSL to DH Enchantment, Inc. 

8 

PRC Laws 

There is a possibility that
the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors - Our Hong Kong subsidiary
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of DH Enchantment, Inc. s common stock. Risk Factors
- PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency
conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional
capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and
expand business. Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends
or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. set forth in the Current Report. 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this prospectus,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The PRC government also imposes
controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience
difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from
our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the
debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues
from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay
to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
up to 10.0 . 

If in the future we have PRC
subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to PRC taxes, including business taxes
and VAT. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries, and our Hong Kong subsidiary has not made any transfers,
dividends or distributions to date. We do not expect our Hong Kong subsidiaries to make any such transfers, dividends or distributions
in the foreseeable future. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we
acquire or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary,
our Hong Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such
event, we plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and Taiwan. set forth in the Current Report. 

Online Logistics Services Limited Taiwan Branch
(Taiwan) 

OLTW is permitted under the
laws of Taiwan to provide funding to and receive funding from DH Enchantment, Inc. and its other subsidiaries through dividend distributions
or other payments of cash without restrictions on the amount of the funds. There are no Taiwanese law restrictions on OLS s ability
to receive and provide funding from DH Enchantment Inc. and its other subsidiaries. 

9 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q/A includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are not historical facts, and involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements
of historical facts, included in this Form 10-Q/A including, without limitation, statements in the Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company expects or anticipates will
or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); expansion
and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are
based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current
conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether
actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented
to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements
appear in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company,
and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition or
results of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and, (iii) the Company s
financing plans. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to,
the Company s limited operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation,
technological change and competition. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to our filings with the SEC under the Exchange Act and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, including the Risk Factors section of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on September 17, 2024. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-Q/A are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results
or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence
to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

10 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND MARCH 31, 2024 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 March 31, 2024 

(Restated) 
 (Audited and restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, third parties,
 net 

Accounts receivable, related
 parties, net 

Amounts due from a director 

Income tax receivable 

Deposits,
 prepayments and other receivables 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Plant and
 equipment, net 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other
 payables 

Bank borrowings, current 

Deferred revenue 

Note payable, related party 

Amount due
 to a related party 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Bank borrowings, non-current 

Promissory note, related party 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders deficit: 

Convertible
 preferred stock; 
 shares authorized, and 
 shares undesignated as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Series A preferred
 stock, 
 par value; 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Series B convertible
 preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Common stock,
 par
 value; shares
 authorized; and
 shares
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Shares to
 be issued, shares
 of common stock 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 losses 

Total
 shareholders deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

11 

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND 

 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Three Months ended September 30, 
 Six Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues, net 

Revenue from third parties 

Revenue from related party 

Total revenues, net 

Cost of revenue, net 

From third parties 

From related parties 

Total cost of revenue, net 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Personnel and benefit 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Loss on disposal of subsidiary 

Sundry income 

Total other expense, net 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

Income tax credit (expense) 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign currency adjustment (loss) income 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Net (loss) income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

# less than 0.001 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

12 

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Six Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Restated) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Allowance for expected credit losses 

Depreciation of plant and equipment 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Deferred revenue 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activity: 

Purchase of plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activity 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from bank borrowings, net 

Proceeds from promissory note, related party 

(Advance to) repayment from a director 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash, cash equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash equivalent 

BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

13 

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Series
 A 
 Preferred stock 
 Series
 B 
 Preferred stock 
 Common
 stock 
 Shares

Additional 

Accumulated
 Other 
 Total 

No.
 of 
 
 No.
 of 
 
 No.
 of 
 
 to
 be 
 
 paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 comprehensive 
 stockholders 

shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 issued 
 
 capital 
 
 losses 
 income 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of April 1, 2023 (restated) 

() 

Net loss for the period 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (restated) 

() 

Net income for the period 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 (restated) 

() 

Balance as of April 1, 2024 (restated) 

() 

Net income for the period 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (restated) 

() 

Acquisition of legal acquiror 

() 

Net loss for the period 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 (restated) 

() 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

14 

DH ENCHANTMENT, INC. 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Description of entities incorporated and controlled
by the Company: 

owned by ENMI 

owned by OAC 

owned by OLSL 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as (the Company ). 

The subsidiaries were audited by another firm
of chartered accountants, registered with PCAOB and located in Nigeria, for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. 

Annual average HKD:USD exchange rate 

Period-end NTD:USD exchange rate 

Annual average NTD: USD exchange rate 

In the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Company, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are measured and recorded in the functional currency
using the exchange rate in effect at the date of the transaction. At the balance sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that are
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate at the
balance sheet date. All gains and losses arising from foreign currency transactions are recorded in the income statements during the period
in which they occur. 

impairment losses on receivables recorded. 

and
 as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Computer and office equipment 
 
 years 

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged
to earnings as incurred, while additions, renewals and betterments, which are expected to extend the useful life of assets, are capitalized.
When assets have retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Depreciation expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Depreciation expense for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and respectively. 

 impairment losses were recognized for
the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Logistic and fulfillment services 

The Company provides logistic and fulfillment
services to the customers and the Company has assessed that the customer receives the benefit of the Company s services only upon
the fulfillment of all activities and the goods are collected by them at a designated place. Accordingly, the contract has a single performance
obligation. Revenue is recognized when the single performance, obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs when
control of the promised services is completed and transferred to customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for transferring and delivering services to a customer which generally occurs upon delivery or collection
of goods to or by the customer. Generally, the contracts require the customers to pay for service prior to when the customers collect
the goods from the Company. 

Supply chain consulting service 

The Company also provides supply chain consulting
services in relation to all activities involved in sourcing, procurement, conversion, and logistics management. The contract has a single
performance obligation, which is satisfied when the services are fulfilled which is upon delivery of the products on behalf of the customer.
The billing to the customer for revenue earned is billed on a monthly basis. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration
to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for services. 

Principal vs Agent Considerations 

When another party is involved in providing goods
to the customer, the Company will apply the principal versus agent guidance in ASC Topic 606 to determine if the Company is acting as
the principal or an agent to the transaction. This evaluation determined that the Company is in control of establishing the transaction
price, managing all aspects of the shipment term, and taking the risk of loss for delivery, collection, and returns. Based on the Company s
evaluation of the control model, it determined that all the Company s businesses act as the principal rather than the agent within
their revenue arrangements and such revenues are reported on a gross basis. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The Company has disaggregated its revenue from
contracts with customers into categories based on the business operation of the revenue as follows: 

Logistic and fulfilment services 
 At the point in time 

Supply chain consulting service 
 At the point in time 

t have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31,
2024, the Company did t have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

The Company is subject to tax in local and foreign
jurisdictions. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are subject to examination by the relevant tax
authorities. 

and accumulated deficit of . The Company has not yet established an ongoing source
of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a
going concern is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continued financial support from its stockholders.
Management believes the existing stockholders will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become
due. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to
reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Corporate clients, related party 

Payment gateway providers 

Less: allowance for expected credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

The Company generally conducts its business with
creditworthy third parties. The Company determines, on a continuing basis, the probable losses and an allowance for expected credit losses,
based on several factors including internal risk ratings, customer credit quality, payment history, historical bad debt/write-off experience
and forecasted economic and market conditions. Accounts receivable are written off after exhaustive collection efforts occur and the receivable
is deemed uncollectible. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and its exposure to bad debts is not significant. 

Allowance for expected credit losses was recognized
 as of September
30, 2024 which includes related to related party and from third party. As of March 31, 2024, allowance for expected credit losses was recognized. 

million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Bank facilities 
 Facility availability period 
 Interest rate 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK million 

Loan: HK .00 million 

Total borrowings 

Less: current portion 

Non-current portion 

The Company obtained certain loans from
several financial institutions in Hong Kong, in the aggregate facility amount of up to 
(equal to HK 
million). These loans bear annual interest at the bank prevailing rates ranging from 
to .
The loan of HK million (equivalent to was on-loaned to the director. 

Interest related to the bank borrowings was 
and , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Interest related to the bank borrowings was 
and , for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

These banking facilities are guaranteed and secured,
details of which are set out as follows:- 

(a) 
 unlimited personal guaranteed by Mr. Cheung, the director of the Company 

(b) 
 guaranteed by HKMC Insurance Limited under the Hong Kong SME Financing Guarantee Scheme, launched by The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited 

(c) 
 secured by a lien on certain real properties
 personally owned by Mr. Cheung, the director of the Company for a loan with principal outstanding of USD713,286 as of September 30, 2024. 

shares of common stock, with a par value of , and shares of convertible
preferred stock, issuable in one or more series as may be determined by the Board. 

A total of shares of convertible preferred
stock remains undesignated as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, with a par value of 0.002. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to: (i) receive dividends
or other distributions; (ii) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Company; (iii) convert into shares of
common stock of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the
Company had and shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding, with a par value of , respectively. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, with a par value of 0.001. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock are: (i) entitled to receive dividends or other
distributions on an as converted basis; (ii) entitled to vote on an as converted basis on all matters submitted
to the Common Stock holders; (iii) entitled to convert each one (1) share of Series B Preferred Stock into one hundred (100) shares of
Common Stock at the election of the Series B Holder; (iv) entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, a liquidation distribution
of an amount equal to the amount each series B Holder would be entitled to receive had the shares been converted to common stock, subject
to the rights of other stockholders. 

As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the
Company had and shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding, with a par value of , respectively. 

Common stock 

As of March 29, 2024, the Company and OLS APAC
Corporation OAC ), a British Virgin Island corporation and four shareholders of OAC entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue Twenty Billion shares of common stock, par value , (the ENMI Shares to acquire One Thousand shares of OAC. 

At the closing of the share exchange
transaction, the Company issued 
shares of its common stock to OAC shareholders, due to insufficient authorized shares. The Company will increase its authorized
shares to issue the remaining 17,000,000,000 shares in the next twelve months, subject to regulatory approval. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, with a par value of 
and 17,000,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net (loss) income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

#less than 0.001 

The diluted weighted average common shares included
unissued shares of common stocks owing to OAC shareholders under the Share Exchange Agreement. 

Deferred income tax 

Income tax expense 

The effective tax rate in the periods presented
is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate. The Company operates
in Hong Kong and Taiwan that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United States of America 

ENMI is registered in the State of Nevada and
is subject to the tax laws of United States of America. The U.S. corporate tax rate is 21 . The Company s policy is to recognize
accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued for interest
or penalties as they were not material to its results of operations for the periods presented. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has U.S.
federal operating loss carryforwards of and deferred tax assets of , for which a full valuation allowance has been provided. 

For the three and six months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, there was operating income. 

British Virgin
Islands 

OAC is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
and is not subject to taxation. In addition, upon payments of dividends by these entities to their shareholder, no British Virgin Islands
withholding tax will be imposed. 

Hong Kong 

The reconciliation of income tax rate to the
effective income tax rate based on income before income tax expense for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Expense not deductible from tax 

Income not subject to taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Tax holidays 

Income tax expense 

Taiwan 

No provision for income tax is made, as OLTW has not generated any taxable income during the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The following table sets forth the significant
components of the deferred tax assets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024: 

Hong Kong tax regime 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Uncertain
tax positions 

The Company evaluates the uncertain tax
position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized
benefits associated with the tax positions. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the Company did t
have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. The Company did t
incur any interest and penalties related to potential underpaid income tax expenses for the three and six months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 and also did t
anticipate any significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months from September 30, 2024. 

Mr. Yip Kam Hung 
 Promissory note, shareholder 

Ms. Lo Kin Yi Sally 
 Amount due to a shareholder 

Ezy-Go International Trading Company Limited 
 Accounts receivable, Entity
 controlled by common major shareholder 

Daily Success Development Limited 
 Note payable, former shareholder 

The amount due from a director included temporary
advances made by the Company of and as at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 respectively, which are non-trade in
nature. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and due on demand. The amount, nevertheless, is expected to be repaid in the next twelve
months. The remaining balance as at September 30, 2024 represents bank borrowing on-loaned to the director which bears interest at 4.38 
per annum and secured by a lien on certain real properties personally owned by him. The Company reserves the right to call on the repayment
of the loan amount on demand. Interest on bank borrowings was computed and was not considered to be significant for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and consequently was not recorded in amount due from a director. 

In August 2024, the Company entered into promissory
notes (the Notes with Mr. Yip Kam Hung, the Company s shareholder. Pursuant to the Note, the noteholder loaned the
Company an aggregate principal amount of (equivalent to HK ), which bear interest at an annual rate of 5 and become payable
upon maturity on August 20, 2026. Accrued interest for this promissory note of and nil has been recorded in accrued liabilities
as at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 

The amount due to a shareholder represented the
temporary advances made by the Company s shareholder, Ms. Lo Kin Yi Sally, which is non-trade in nature. The amount is unsecured,
interest-free and repayable on demand. 

Accounts receivable represented the trade receivable
from the related party for rendering of supply chain consulting services. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and 30 days credit
term is granted. The receivable also has contra arrangements against service charges billed to the Company by the customer. 

In August 2021, the Company entered into a loan
agreement (the Agreement with Daily Success Development Limited, the Company s former shareholder. Pursuant to the
Agreement, the shareholder loaned the Company a principal amount of 133,557, which bears interest at an annual rate of 5 and is
repayable on demand. 

In the ordinary course of business, during the
six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was involved with transactions among related parties. The following table provides the transactions with these parties for the periods
as presented (for the portion of such period that they were considered related): 

Ezy-Go International Trading Company Limited 
 Service cost 

Friendship Consulting Services Limited 
 Consulting service fee 

Victoria Hub Capital 
 Consulting service fee 

Daily Success Development Limited 
 Interest on loan 

Mr. Yip Kam Hung 
 Interest on Promissory Note 

Apart from the transactions and balances detailed
above and elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant
or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Six months ended 
September 30, 2024 
 As of 
September 30, 2024 
 
 Customer 
 Revenue 
 Percentage of revenue 
 Accounts receivable 

Customer A 

Customer B 

For the three and six months ended September
30, 2023, the individual customers who accounted for 10 of the Company s revenue and its outstanding receivables balance at period-end
rates, as presented as follows: 

Three months ended 
September 30, 2023 
 As of 
September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenue 
 Percentage of revenue 
 Accounts receivable 

Customer A 

Customer B 

Six months ended 
September 30, 2023 
 As of 
September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenue 
 Percentage of revenue 
 Accounts receivable 

Customer A 

Customer B 

These customers are all located in Hong Kong. 

(b) Major vendors 

For the three and six months ended September
30, 2024, the individual vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s service cost and its outstanding payable
balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Vendor C 

Six months ended 
September 30, 2024 
 As of 
September 30, 2024 
 
 Vendor 
 Service cost 
 Percentage of service cost 
 Accounts payable 

Vendor A 

Vendor B 

For the three and six months ended September 30,
2023, the individual vendor who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s service cost and its outstanding payable balances at
period-end dates, is presented as follows: 

Three months ended 
September 30, 2023 
 As of 
September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Service cost 
 Percentage of service cost 
 Accounts payable 

Vendor A 

Six months ended 
September 30, 2023 
 As of 
September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Service cost 
 Percentage of service cost 
 Accounts payable 

Vendor A 

These vendors are all located in Hong Kong. 

(c) Credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents are maintained with high credit
quality institutions in Hong Kong and Taiwan, the composition and maturities of which are regularly monitored by the management. The Hong
Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation up to a limit of HK 500,000 (US 63,694) and the Central Deposit Insurance Corporation
in Taiwan compensates depositors up to NT 3 million (US 93,054) if the bank in Hong Kong and Taiwan with which an individual/a company
holds its eligible deposit fails. 

As of September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents
of was maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong, of which approximately was subject to credit risk as it exceeded
the guaranteed sum mentioned above. Cash and cash equivalents of was maintained at financial institutions in Taiwan, which are
not subject to credit risk. 

For accounts receivable, the Company determines,
on a continuing basis, the probable losses and sets up an allowance for expected credit losses. 

(d) Interest rate risk 

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value
or future cash flows of the Company s financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. 

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk primarily
relates to the variable-rate bank borrowings and is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of Hong Kong Prime Rate and HIBOR arising from
the Company s bank borrowings. The Company has not used any derivative instruments to mitigate its exposure associated with interest
rate risk. However, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider other necessary actions when significant interest
rate exposure is anticipated. 

The Company is also exposed to cash flow interest
rate risk related to bank balances and cash held at financial institutions carried at the prevailing market rates and variable-rate bank
borrowings. 

(e) Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD converted
to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. 

(f) Economic and political risk 

The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Further, the escalation tensions in the Middle
East, including the continuing Russian Ukraine conflict may impact the global economic situation, which indirectly may impact
the Company s operations. 

, and continued on a month-to-month basis thereafter. The monthly service fee is .
Commencing from January 1, 2024, the monthly service fee was ,
with no specific terms of service period. 

The Company has an operating lease for its office
facility in Taiwan expiring in May 2025. The monthly lease charge is . At September 30, 2024, the Company is committed to pay the
future lease charge of in the next twelve months. 

The Company is committed to increasing its authorized
shares to issue the remaining 17,000,000,000 shares pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement in the next twelve months, as disclosed in
Note 7. 

The Company is committed to repaying a
promissory note to a related party with an aggregate principal amount of 64,350 (equivalent to HK 500,000) on August 20, 2026,
which bear interest at an annual rate of 5 as disclosed in Note 10. 

Apart from the commitments and contingencies detailed
above and elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, as of September 30, 2024, the Company
did not have any significant commitments or contingencies involved. 

The following tables summarize the effects of
the restatement on each financial line items as of the dates: 

() 
 (i) 

Total current liabilities 

() 
 (i) 

Bank borrowings, non-current 

(i) 

Total non-current liabilities 

(i) 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 

Amount due from a director 

(i) 

Total current assets 

(i) 

Total assets 

(i) 

Bank borrowings, current 

(i) (ii) 

Total current liabilities 

(i) (ii) 

Bank borrowings, non-current 

(ii) 

Total non-current liabilities 

(ii) 

Total liabilities 

(i) 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

(i) 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 

Cost of revenue, from third parties 

() 

(iv) 

() 
 
 Cost of revenue, from related party 

() 
 (iv) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Cost of revenue, from third parties 

() 

(iv) 

() 
 
 Cost of revenue, from related party 

() 
 (iv) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the six months ended September 30, 2024 

Cost of revenue, from third parties 

() 

(iv) 

() 
 
 Cost of revenue, from related party 

() 
 (iv) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the six months ended September 30, 2023 

Cost of revenue, from third parties 

() 

(iv) 

() 
 
 Cost of revenue, from related party 

() 
 (iv) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of changes in deficit for the six months ended September 30, 2024 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated
 statement of changes in deficit for the six months ended April 1, 2024 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of changes in deficit for the six months ended September 30, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated
 statement of changes in deficit for the six months ended April 1, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 
 (iii) 

() 
 
 Accumulated losses 

() 

(iii) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 

Proceeds from bank borrowings 

(i) 

Repayment to bank borrowings 

() 

(i) 

(Advance to) repayment from a shareholder 

() 
 (i) 

() 

Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2023 

Proceeds from bank borrowings 

() 
 (v) 

Repayment to bank borrowings 

() 

(v) 

35 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

DH Enchantment, Inc. was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on July 9, 2004, under the name Amerivestors, Inc. On March 3, 2009, we changed our name to Gust
Engineering Speed Production, Inc. and on October 27, 2009, we changed our name to Energy Management International, Inc. On August
11, 2012, we changed our name to DH Enchantment, Inc., our current name. 

On March 29, 2024, we
entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with OLS APAC Corporation, a British Virgin Islands corporation OAC ), and its
shareholders pursuant to which ENMI agreed to issue Twenty Billion (20,000,000,000) shares of our common stock, par value 0.001, (the
 ENMI Shares in exchange of One Thousand (1,000) ordinary shares of OAC (the share exchange transaction ). 

OLS APAC Corporation,
a British Virgin Island corporation was incorporated on March 21, 2024. The Company s executive office is located at 3/F, Yeung
Yiu Chung (No. 6) Industrial Building, 19 Cheung Shun Street, Lai Chi Kwok, Kowloon, Hong Kong. OAC conducts business through OLSL and
OLTW. 

OAC is an ecommerce platform
(Buyippee.com) that provides global online purchasing and shipping services for customers in Hong Kong seeking to shop across US, Europe,
Asia and Australia with ease and comfort. OAC seeks to provide its users with the most cost effective one-stop shopping experience to
find and buy what they want which may only be available overseas. OAC provides a platform for users in Hong Kong to shop from a curated
selection of offline stores around the world. OAC chooses the overseas stores based on local consumer interests in Hong Kong market. Currently
Buyippee.com allows its users to access overseas stores in the USA, Japan, United Kingdom, China, Taiwan, Australia and Germany. OAC serves
as an online shopping portal for consumers, where they can purchase products that are not customarily available to be purchased in Hong
Kong, or otherwise at a discount to prices typically offered in local Hong Kong stores. 

Users search for and make
product purchases from our online store at Buyippee.com using Hong Kong Dollars. OAC purchases the product from overseas stores using
the applicable overseas currency. To mitigate risks associated with operating in foreign currencies, OAC charges its customers a higher
foreign exchange rate and limits its purchases to merchants located in countries with a stable currency exchange rate. 

To provide cost and time effective
on the delivery of the purchased foreign products to purchasers in Hong Kong, OAC works with local regional warehouse providers at overseas
service locations. All purchased items will be shipped to and collected at the third party serviced warehouse, grouped together, and transported
as a group to Hong Kong, which greatly reduces shipping costs. As Hong Kong is a tax free port, there is no extra cost or risk for shipping
of the overseas purchased products to Hong Kong. OAC currently does not carry any product that is assessed import tax upon entry into
Hong Kong. 

Technology, infrastructure and operations. 

OAC s platform is
designed with enterprise-grade security, reliability, and scalability as top priorities. Our platform is built using PHP based open-source
technologies, deployed across geographically-distributed data centers hosted by Amazon Web Service (AWS). Our platform is subject to a
rigorous set of security standards designed to ensure the security of customer data. 

AWS, as one of the leading
cloud computing providers, provides server hosting and security infrastructure to Buyippee.com. AWS s global cloud computing infrastructure
ensures the availability of Buyippee.com to users on a 24/7 standard. 

OAC s platform is based
on PHP which lowers its costs of development and website maintenance costs. It also simplifies integration with many other third-party
functionality, such as payment gateway, statistic tracking, and the like. We find that developers with knowledge and experience of working
with PHP based platforms are widely available. As a result, we do not believe that we will experience significant challenges with finding
qualified personnel to help maintain our platform or to develop future new functionality. 

Future Plans 

In the future, OAC intends to focus on the following
areas of expansion as finances and opportunities permit: 

Expand the selection of products made available in each region, with an initial focus on fashion products. OAC believes that this will increase the average spend per user. 

Expand its global transportation and warehousing service coverage through future merger and acquisitions of transportation and delivery operators in different regions to further decrease costs of delivery. 

Expand its purchaser platform outside of Hong Kong to other major cities in Asia market. 

36 

Corporate History 

DH Enchantment, Inc. was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on July 9, 2004, under the name Amerivestors, Inc. On March 3, 2009, we changed our name to Gust
Engineering Speed Production, Inc. and on October 27, 2009, we changed our name to Energy Management International, Inc. On August
11, 2012, we further changed our name to our current name of DH Enchantment, Inc. 

Since inception to 2018,
the Company posted periodic reports on the OTC Markets website under the alternative reporting standard with the 12/31/2010
Quarterly Report being the last report. Thereafter, the Company ceased reporting and failed to file its Annual list due July 31,
2019 with the Nevada Secretary of State. This resulted in the revocation of the Company s corporate charter. 

In November 2020, Barbara
McIntyre Bauman in her capacity as a stockholder of the Company applied for custodianship of the Company with the District Court sitting
in Clark County, Nevada (the Court to revive the Company. Ms. Bauman was ultimately appointed by the Court to serve as
custodian of the Company on January 11, 2021. Ms. Bauman served as the custodian until April 19, 2021, when Ms. Bauman s motion
to terminate custodianship of the Company was granted by the Court. A copy of the court records relating to the application and termination
of custodianship of the Company are attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

In connection with serving
as the custodian, Ms. Bauman was appointed to serve as the sole executive officer and director of the Company effective January 11, 2021.
Ms. Bauman subsequently returned the Company to Good Standing Status with the Nevada Secretary of State and caused the Company to re-commence
posting periodic reports on the OTC Markets website under the alternative reporting standard. On March 2, 2021, the Company issued to
Ms. Bauman 400,000,000 shares of common stock for repayment of related party debt totaling 6,610. On February 22, 2021, the Company issued
to Ms. Bauman 3,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for repayment of the related party debt totaling 4,403. These debts were
incurred in connection with reviving and maintaining the Company. 

On May 13, 2021, Ms. Bauman
sold 400,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock and 3,500,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock to Sally
Kin Yi LO and Daily Success Development Ltd. for aggregate consideration of Three Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars 340,000). In connection
with the acquisition, Ms. Bauman resigned from her positions as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and Sally Kin Yi LO
was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and director. It is our understanding that the
purchasers are not U.S. Persons within the meaning of Regulations S. Accordingly, the Shares are being sold pursuant to the exemption
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

Effective July 1, 2021, Daily
Success Development Limited converted 520,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock into 41,600,000 shares of Common Stock. As a result,
Daily Success Development Limited holds 468,000,000 Common Shares (56.30 and 1,755,000 Series A Preferred Shares (56.30 ). 

Effective July 1, 2021, Sally
Lo converted 280,000 shares of her Series A Preferred Stock into 22,400,000 shares of Common Stock. As a result, Sally Lo holds 252,000,000
Common Shares (30.31 and 945,000 Series A Preferred Shares (30.29 ). 

Acquisition of DH Investment
Group Limited DHIG ), Our Testing Business 

On July 26, 2021, we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding shares of DH Investment Group Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands DHIG ), from its shareholders Sally Lo and Daily Success Development Limited in exchange for 100,000 shares
of our Series B Preferred Stock. DHIG operates its COVID-19 antigen testing business through its wholly owned subsidiary Ho Shun Yi Limited,
a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong. In connection with the acquisition, each of Sally Lo and Daily Success
Development Limited received 35,000 and 65,000 shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively. Each one (1) shares of
the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible ten (10) shares of our Common Stock. The Company relied on the exemption from
registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of, and Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated under the Act in selling the Company s
securities to the shareholders of DHIG. 

37 

Prior to the DHIG Share Exchange,
the Company was considered as a shell company due to its nominal assets and limited operation. The transaction was treated as a recapitalization
of the Company. 

The Share Exchange between
the Company and DHIG on July 26, 2021, was deemed a merger of entities under common control for which Miss Sally Kin Yi LO is the common
director and shareholder of both the Company and DHIG. Under the guidance in ASC 805 for transactions between entities under common control,
the assets, liabilities and results of operations, are recognized at their carrying amounts on the date of the Share Transfer, which required
the retrospective combination of the Company and DHIG for all periods presented. 

On June 29, 2021, the Board
of Directors of the Company approved the designation of 10,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock which took effect immediately.
On August 12, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the amendment and restatement of our Articles of Incorporation to:
(i) change our name to DH Enchantment Inc.; and (ii) amend the powers, rights and designation of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock;
and (iii) effectuate a 5:1 reverse split, all of which are subject to final authorization by FINRA. This reverse split was abandoned by
the Issuer. 

Acquisition of OAC 

On March 29, 2024, we
entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with OLS Asia Corporation, a British Virgin Island corporation OAC and the shareholders
of OAC OAC Shareholders ), pursuant to which we agreed to purchase from OAC Shareholders an aggregate of One Thousand shares
of common stock of OAC, representing all of the issued and outstanding securities of OAC. In consideration, the Issuer agreed to issue
to OAC Shareholders an aggregate of Twenty Billion (20,000,000,000) shares of our common stock at a per share price of 0.001. 

The acquisition consummated
on September 16, 2024, however, we only issued Three Billion of the Twenty Billion shares of common stock due to the fact that we did
not have sufficient authorized shares. In connection with the acquisition of OAC, we agreed to effectuate a reverse stock split of our
common stock whereby each 1000 shares of our common stock would be exchanged for 1 one share our common stock. We intend to effectuate
the contemplated reverse stock split in the near future. Upon the effective date of the reverse stock split, we will issue the remaining
balance of the shares due to OAC Shareholders pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement. 

As a result of the acquisition
of OAC, OAC became our wholly owned subsidiary. OAC holds 100 of Online Logistics Services Limited, a Hong Kong private limited company OLS Hong Kong ), together with its foreign registered branch, Online Logistics Services Limited Taiwan Branch OLS
Taiwan ). 

Upon consummation of
our acquisition of OAC, we became engaged in the online ecommerce and logistic business. Concurrently therewith, we discontinued our
prior business of selling and distributing COVID-19 antigen tester sets. Shares of DH Investment Group, a British Virgin Islands corporation,
and Ho Shun Yi, a Hong Kong private limited company, companies through which the prior COVID-19 antigen testing business was operated,
were transferred to Sally Kin Yi Lo for nominal consideration via a disposal agreement dated September 16, 2024. 

The foregoing description
of the Share Exchange Agreement with OAC is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Share Exchange Agreement which is filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

38 

Results of Operations. 

Comparison of the Three and Six Months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth certain operational
data for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues, net 

Revenue from third parties 
 237,499 
 343,332 
 
 Revenue from related party 
 123,888 
 99,662 
 
 Total revenues, net 
 361,387 
 442,994 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (252,928 
 (280,078 
 
 Gross profit 
 108,459 
 162,916 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expense 
 (57,993 
 (13,057 
 
 Personnel and benefit expense 
 (45,328 
 (94,046 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (369,125 
 (27,073 
 
 (Loss) income from operation 
 (363,987 
 28,740 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (46,317 
 (22,551 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (410,304 
 6,189 
 
 Income tax credit (expense) 
 2,684 
 (1,697 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (407,620 
 4,492 

Six Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues, net 

Revenue from third parties 
 677,592 
 623,926 
 
 Revenue from related party 
 274,578 
 171,106 
 
 Total revenues, net 
 952,170 
 795,032 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (708,331 
 (476,505 
 
 Gross profit 
 243,839 
 318,527 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expense 
 (76,722 
 (24,095 
 
 Personnel and benefit expense 
 (90,757 
 (206,970 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (401,702 
 (65,359 
 
 (Loss) income from operation 
 (325,342 
 22,103 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (74,904 
 (47,291 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (400,246 
 (25,188 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 (1,697 
 
 Net loss 
 (400,246 
 (26,885 

39 

Revenue 

The Company currently earns three types of income
sources:- 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Type of revenue 
 2024 
 2023 

Retail sales 
 180,358 
 209,735 
 
 Logistic and fulfilment services 
 57,141 
 133,597 
 
 Supply chain consulting service (related party) 
 123,888 
 99,662 

361,387 
 442,994 

Six Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Type of revenue 
 2024 
 2023 

Retail sales 
 508,510 
 348,059 
 
 Logistic and fulfilment services 
 169,082 
 275,867 
 
 Supply chain consulting service (related party) 
 274,578 
 171,106 

952,170 
 795,032 

Retail Sales (direct-to-consumer) 

The Company provides customized customer-specific
solutions, involving with the purchase of designated merchandise, logistic and fulfilment services, through which the Company provides
the service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single capability. The entire contract is accounted for as one
performance obligation. For these performance obligations, the Company typically has a right to consideration from customers in an amount
that corresponds directly with the value to the customers of the fulfilled performance obligation, and as such, the revenue is recognized
when control of the merchandise is transferred to the customer, which generally occurs upon delivery or collection, and acceptance by
the customer. Advance payment is typically made, prior to the date of collection by or delivery to the customer. 

Deferred revenue is recorded when the Company
has received consideration (i.e., advanced payment) before satisfying its performance obligations. As such, customer orders are recorded
as deferred revenue prior to collection by or delivery to the customer, of the products. Deferred revenue primarily relates to e-commerce
orders placed for customer-specific solutions, but not delivered or accepted by the customers, prior to the end of the fiscal period. 

Logistic and Fulfilment Services 

The Company provides logistics and fulfilment
services to the customers and they receive the benefit of the Company s services as the goods are transported from one location
to another. Revenue is recognized when the single performance obligation under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs when
control of the promised services is completed and transferred to customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for transferring and delivering services to a customer which generally occurs upon delivery or collection
of goods to or by the customer. Generally, the contracts require the customers to pay for service prior to when the customers collect
the goods from the Company. 

40 

Supply Chain Consulting Service 

The Company also renders supply chain consulting
services in relation to all activities involved in sourcing, procurement, conversion, and logistics management. The contract has a single
performance obligation, which is satisfied when the services are fulfilled which is upon delivery of the products on behalf of the customer.
Revenue is recognized when performance obligation is satisfied and the customer obtains the benefit of promised services. The billing
to the customer for revenue earned is billed on a monthly basis. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which
the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for services. 

Revenues of 361,387 for the three months ended
September 30, 2024, decreased by 81,607 or 18.4 from 442,994 in the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to sluggish demand in
logistic and fulfillment service in Hong Kong and Taiwan. 

Revenues of 952,170 for the six months
ended September 30, 2024, increased by 157,138 or 19.8 from 795,032 in the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to an increase in outbound retail sales. 

Revenues for the three and six months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 consisted primarily retail sales, logistic and fulfilment services, as well as supply chain consulting services. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenues of 252,928 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 27,150, or 9.7 , from 280,078 in the same period of 2023 which was mainly due to the decrease
in direct operating cost in connection with retail sales. 

Cost of revenues of 708,331 for the six months
ended September 30, 2024 increased by 231,826, or 48.7 , from 476,505 in the same period of 2023 which was mainly due to the increase
in direct operating cost in connection with logistics and warehousing services. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit of 108,459 and 162,916
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our gross profit margin was approximately 30.0 and 36.8 for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The decrease in gross profit and gross profit
margin is attributable to sluggish demand in logistic and fulfillment service in Hong Kong and Taiwan mentioned above. 

We achieved a gross profit of 243,839 and 318,527
for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our gross profit margin was approximately 25.6 and 40.1 for the
six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The decrease in gross profit and gross profit
margin is attributable to an increase in direct operating costs in new rendering logistics and warehousing services. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses S M 

S M expenses increased by 44,936 or 344.2 ,
to 57,993 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. S M expenses increased by 52,627
or 218.4 , to 76,722 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. 

The increase in S M expenses is due primarily
to increase in advertising and online marketing fee. 

S M expenses for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily include advertising, online marketing as well as consultancy fee. 

41 

Payroll and benefit Expenses P B 

P B expenses decreased by 48,718 or 51.8 ,
to 45,328 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. P B expenses decreased by 116,213
or 56.1 , to 90,757, for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. 

The decrease in P B expenses is due primarily
to cost savings from system upgrades to control labor costs. 

P B expenses for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily include wages and salaries and other staff benefits. 

General and Administrative Expenses G A 

G A expenses increased by 342,052 or 1,263.4 ,
to 369,125 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. G A expenses increased by 336,343
or 514.6 , to 401,702 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. 

The increase in G A expenses is primarily
attributable to the significant increase in legal and professional fees incurred in connection with the acquisition of OAC and allowance for expected credit losses. 

G A expenses for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily include office operating cost, as well as professional fees. 

Other Expenses, net 

Other expenses, net increased by 23,766 or 105.4 ,
to 46,317 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. Other expenses, net increased by
 27,613 or 58.4 , to 74,904 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period as of 2023. 

The increase in other expenses, net is primarily
attributable to the increase in interest expenses paid for additional bank borrowings. 

 Other expenses, net for the three and six months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 primarily include interest expense for bank borrowings offset by bank interest income. 

Income Tax Expense 

We had income tax credit of 2,684 and income
tax expense of 1,697 under Hong Kong tax regime during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We incurred income tax expense of nil and 1,697
under Hong Kong tax regime during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following summarizes the key components of
our cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Six Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (302,399 
 (220,705 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,929 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 73,594 
 185,709 

42 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

For the six months ended September 30, 2024, net
cash used in operating activities was 302,399, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 400,246, an increase in accounts receivable
of 107,094, a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of 33,281, a decrease in deferred revenue of 15,387 and a decrease
in income tax payable of 9,834, offset by a decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 4,883, an increase in accounts
payable of 8,745 and adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation of plant and equipment of 3,406 and allowance for expected credit
losses of 246,409. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2023, net
cash used in operating activities was 220,705 which consisted primarily of a net loss of 26,885, an increase in accounts receivable
of 181,163, a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of 197 and a decrease in deferred revenue of 28,419, offset by a decrease
in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 4,249, an increase in accounts payable of 7,749, an increase in income tax payable
of 1,698, and adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation of plant and equipment of 2,263. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

For the
 six months ended September 30, 2024 , net cash used in investing activities was 2,929, relating
to the development of warehouse facilities. 

For the
 six months ended September 30, 2023 , no investing activities were incurred. 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

For the six months ended September 30, 2024,
net cash provided by financing activities was 73,594, mainly relating to 64,350 of proceeds from promissory note from related party
and 700,193 of net proceeds from bank borrowings, offset by 690,949 of advance to a director. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2023,
net cash provided by financing activities was 185,709, mainly relating to 110,973 of net proceeds from bank borrowings and 74,736
of repayments from the director. 

Working Capital 

As of September 30, 2024, we have cash and
cash equivalents of 208,171, accounts receivable, net of 836,010, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 20,736, income tax
receivable of 19,062 and amount due from director of 918,865. 

As of March 31, 2024, we have cash and cash equivalents
of 443,455, accounts receivable, net of 975,325, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 25,619, income tax receivable of 9,228
and amount due from director of 227,916. 

As of September 30, 2024, we have a working
capital deficit of 100,203. 

Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company suffered
from a working capital deficit of 100,203 and accumulated deficit of 668,950. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source
of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a
going concern is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continued financial support from its stockholders. Management believes
the existing stockholders will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there
is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to
reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

43 

Material Cash Requirements 

We have not achieved profitability since our
inception and we expect to continue to improve the operating result for the foreseeable future. We expect net cash expended in 2024 to
be significantly higher than 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we have accumulated losses of 668,950. Our material cash requirements are
highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12 - 18 months. 

Indebtedness 

As of 

Bank borrowings, secured: 
 
 Maturity date 
 
 Interest rate 

September 30, 2024 

March 31, 2024 

(p.a.) 

Loan: HK 0.83 million 
 
 April 28, 2032 

3.63 

102,773 

100,931 

Loan: HK 1.09 million 
 
 February 28, 2033 

3.63 

134,713 

133,536 

Loan: HK 1.79 million 
 
 April 23, 2032 

3.63 

219,750 

228,762 

Loan: HK 0.01 million 
 
 June 28, 2025 

3.63 

1,031 

Loan: HK 0.02 million 
 
 June 23, 2025 

3.63 

1,913 

Loan: HK 0.01 million 
 
 June 30, 2025 

3.63 

1,169 

Loan: HK 3.00 million 
 
 March 18, 2032 

4.80 

345,781 

383,400 

Loan: HK 5.75 million 
 
 September 30, 2052 

4.38 

713,286 

1,520,416 

846,629 

Bank facilities 
 
 Facility availability period 

Interest rate 

Loan: HK 4.20 million 
 
 October 28, 2024 

7.00 

540,541 

517,556 

Loan: HK 2.00 million 
 
 November 29, 2024 

7.06 

257,401 

485,640 

Loan: HK 0.80 million 
 
 October 28, 2024 

7.00 

102,960 

Loan: HK 1.00 million 
 
 October 21, 2024 

7.13 

128,700 

1,029,602 

1,003,196 

Total borrowings 

2,550,018 

1,849,825 

Less: current portion 

(1,141,666) 

(1,098,630) 
 
 Non-current portion 

1,408,352 

751,195 

These loans bear annual interest at the bank prevailing
rates ranging from 3.63 to 7.13 . 

These banking facilities are guaranteed and secured,
details of which are set out as follows:- 

(a) 
 unlimited personal guarantee by Mr. Cheung, the director of the Company 

(b) 
 guaranteed by HKMC Insurance Limited under the Hong Kong SME Financing Guarantee Scheme, launched by The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited 

(c) 
 secured by a lien on certain real properties personally
 owned by Mr. Cheung, the director of the Company for a loan with principal outstanding of USD713,286 as of September 30, 2024. 

44 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024,
there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Management s
Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the presence
of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that,
as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective
risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. These material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer who also
serves as our Chief Financial Officer in connection with the above evaluation. In the meantime, management has appointed external consultants
to minimize the risk and ascertain compliance with requirements. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Securities
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 that occurred in the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

45 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may
become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in
any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding
to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect
on us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting
company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as
each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

46 

Item 6. Exhibits 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Financial Statements are included in Part I, Item 1 of this
report. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

No financial statement schedules are included because
such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations of preferences and rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of Common Stock (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 29, 2024, by and among DH Enchantment, Inc., OLS Asia Corporation, and the shareholders of OLS Asia Corporation . (3) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant To Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Custodianship Records (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 _______________ 

Filed herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on June 27, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2024. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

DH Enchantment, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: December 26, 2024 
 /s/ Cheung, Cheuk Yin 

Cheung Cheuk Yin 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dhenchantment_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Cheung Cheuk Yin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form
10-Q/A of DH Enchantment, Inc. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 26, 2024 

/s/ Cheung Cheuk Yin 

Cheung Cheuk Yin 

Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 dhenchantment_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Cheung Cheuk Yin, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of DH Enchantment, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of DH Enchantment,
Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of DH Enchantment, Inc. 

Dated: December 26, 2024 

/s/ Cheung Cheuk Yin 

Cheung Cheuk Yin 

Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 enmi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 enmi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 enmi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 enmi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

