<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1968915_0001968915-24-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8768523</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117782</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1363269</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3741537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1668479</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1653186</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001968915-24-000037.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031105328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001968915-24-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHINIA INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001968915
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41708
		FILM NUMBER:		241413064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		248-732-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001968915-24-000037.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 phin-20240930.htm
 10-Q

phin-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 As of October 25, 2024, the registrant had shares of voting common stock outstanding. 

PHINIA INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 43 
 SIGNATURES 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

PHINIA INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Investments and long-term receivables Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement-related liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating expense, net Operating income Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other postretirement expense (income), net ) Earnings before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net earnings (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share basic ) Earnings (loss) per share diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Hedge instruments (1) 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PHINIA INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 OPERATING Net cash provided by operating activities (see Note 20) INVESTING Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays ) ) Payments for investment in equity securities ) ) Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of discount Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of debt, including current portion ) ) (Repayments) borrowings under Revolving Facility ) Dividends paid to PHINIA stockholders ) ) Payments for purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payments for stock-based compensation items ) Cash outflows related to debt due to Former Parent ) Cash inflows related to debt due from Former Parent Net transfers to Former Parent ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

share of PHINIA common stock for every shares of BorgWarner common stock held on June 23, 2023, the record date. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, BorgWarner stockholders received cash. As a result of these transactions, all of the assets, liabilities, and legal entities comprising BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses are now owned directly, or indirectly through its subsidiaries, by PHINIA. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 

NOTE 1 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations include all revenues and costs directly attributable to the Company, including costs for facilities, functions, and services utilized. Costs for certain centralized functions and programs provided and administered by BorgWarner were charged directly to the Company prior to Spin-Off. These centralized functions and programs included, but were not limited to, research and development and information technology. 
 A portion of BorgWarner s total corporate expenses were allocated to the Company for services rendered by BorgWarner prior to the Spin-Off. These expenses included the cost of corporate functions and resources, including, but not limited to, executive management, finance, accounting, legal, human resources, research and development and sales. Additionally, a portion of the Company s corporate expenses were allocated to BorgWarner for charges incurred related to subsidiaries of BorgWarner historically supported by the Company, primarily related to information technology. These expenses were allocated based on direct usage when identifiable or, when not directly identifiable, on the basis of proportional net revenues, legal entities, headcount or weighted-square footage, as applicable. The Company considers the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to reasonably reflect the utilization of services provided to, or the benefit received by, both the Company and BorgWarner during the periods presented. However, the allocations may not reflect the expenses the Company would have incurred if the Company had been a standalone company for the periods presented prior to July 3, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net corporate allocation expenses totaled million. Corporate allocation expenses were primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 

NOTE 2 
 million at September 30, 2024 and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million was reflected in Other current liabilities and million was reflected in Other non-current liabilities. As of December 31, 2023, the balance of contract liabilities was million, of which million was reflected in Other current liabilities and million was reflected as Other non-current liabilities. These amounts are reflected as revenue over the term of the arrangement (typically three to as the underlying products are shipped and represent the Company s remaining performance obligations as of the end of the period. 
 Europe Asia Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total Americas Europe Asia Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total Americas Europe Asia Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Fuel Systems Aftermarket Total Americas Europe Asia Total 

7 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 
 Customer reimbursements ) ) ) ) Net R D expenditures 

NOTE 4 
 Restructuring Losses for other one-time events Royalty income from Former Parent ) R D income from Former Parent ) Other operating income, net ) ) ) ) Other operating expense, net 
 Separation and transaction costs : During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded separation and transaction costs of million and million, respectively. Separation and transaction costs primarily relate to professional fees and other costs associated with the separation of the Company, including the management of certain historical liabilities allocated to the Company in connection with the Spin-Off. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded separation and transaction costs of million and million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees and other costs associated with the separation of the Company. 
 
 Restructuring: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs for individually approved restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount in the Fuel Systems segment. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs for individually approved restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount in the Fuel Systems segment. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million of costs incurred primarily due to a supplier fire. 
 Royalty income from Former Parent : The Company participated in royalty arrangements with BorgWarner businesses prior to the Spin-Off, which involved the licensing of the Delphi Technologies trade name and product-related intellectual properties. 
 R D income from Former Parent : The Company provided application testing and other R D services for other BorgWarner businesses prior to the Spin-Off. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased as compared to the prior year as a result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably a decrease in pre-tax losses where no benefit is recognized and a decrease in U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased as compared to the prior year as a result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably a decrease in pre-tax losses where no benefit is recognized and a decrease in U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 
 The annual effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to foreign rates which vary from those in the U.S., jurisdictions with pretax losses for which no tax benefit could be realized, U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, and permanent differences between book and tax treatment for certain items including enhanced deduction of research and development expenses in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 For periods ended on or prior to July 3, 2023, the Company s operations have been included in Former Parent s U.S. federal consolidated tax return, certain foreign tax returns, and certain state tax returns. For the purposes of these financial statements, the Company s income tax provision was computed as if the Company filed separate tax returns (i.e., as if the Company had not been included in the consolidated income tax return group with the Former Parent). The separate return method applies ASC 740 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of each member of a consolidated tax group as if the group member were a separate taxpayer. As a result, actual tax transactions included in the consolidated financial statements of the Former Parent may not be included in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Further, the Company s tax results as presented in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements may not be reflective of the results that the Company expects to generate in the future. Also, the tax treatment of certain items reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements may not be reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements and tax returns of the Former Parent. Items such as net operating losses, other deferred taxes, income taxes payable, liabilities for uncertain tax positions and valuation allowances may exist in the Consolidated Financial Statements that may or may not exist in the Former Parent s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 For periods subsequent to July 3, 2023, these items are reported based on tax filings and tax attributes of the Company s legal entities. Indemnification assets and liabilities have been reported for amounts payable to or recoverable from the Former Parent under the Tax Matters Agreement for taxes associated with the period prior to the Spin-Off. The Tax Matters Agreement generally governs the Company s and the Former Parent s respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the distribution with respect to taxes for any tax period ending on or before the distribution date, as well as tax periods beginning before 
 9 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6 
 Indirect taxes Due from Former Parent Other Gross receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total receivables, net 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Inventories 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 Prepaid engineering Prepaid software Customer return assets Prepaid customer tooling Prepaid insurance Other Total prepayments and other current assets Investments and long-term receivables: Long-term receivables Investment in equity affiliates Due from Former Parent Investment in equity securities Total investments and long-term receivables Other non-current assets: Deferred income taxes Operating leases Customer incentive payments Other Total other non-current assets 

NOTE 9 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) Net goodwill balance, December 31, 2023 Goodwill during the period: Translation adjustment ) ) Net goodwill balance, September 30, 2024 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Customer relationships - 
 Total amortized intangible assets Unamortized trade names Total other intangible assets 

NOTE 10 
 . Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. Management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. Costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer s cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the Company s warranty accrual at the time the Company believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. See Note 16, Contingencies , for further discussion on the Company s quarterly process for accruals relating to commercial and legal matters. Management believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, in certain cases, initial customer claims exceed the amount accrued. Facts may become known related to these claims that may result in additional losses that could be material to the Company s results of operations or cash flows. The Company s warranty provisions are primarily included in Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The product warranty accrual is allocated to current and non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Adjustments of prior estimates Provisions for current period sales Payments ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) Ending balance, September 30, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Other non-current liabilities Total product warranty liability 

NOTE 11 
 Long-term debt Senior Notes due 10/01/25 million par value) 
 Senior Secured Notes due 04/15/29 million par value) 
 Senior Notes due 10/15/32 million par value) 
 Term Loan A Facility due 07/03/28 million par value) 
 Term Loan B Facility due 07/03/28 million par value) 
 Finance leases Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair values of the Company s long-term debt totaled million, which is million higher than carrying value for the same period. As of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Company s long-term debt totaled million, which is million higher than carrying value for the same period. Fair market values of the long-term debt are developed using observable values for similar debt instruments, which are considered Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820. The carrying values of the Company s other debt facilities approximate fair value. The fair value estimates do not necessarily reflect the values the Company could realize in the current markets. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On July 3, 2023, the Company entered into a billion Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement) consisting of a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility), a million Term Loan A Facility (the Term Loan A Facility) and a million Term Loan B Facility (the Term Loan B Facility; together with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively, the Facilities) in connection with the Spin-Off that occurred on the same date, maturing on July 3, 2028. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility, and availability of million. The Term Loan B Facility was fully repaid in connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 on April 4, 2024, as discussed below. The Term Loan A Facility was fully repaid in connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes due 2032 on September 17, 2024, as discussed below. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company, as borrower, and certain subsidiaries of the Company, each acting as guarantors, entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement Amendment 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 :1.00 to :1.00 (subject to a step-up to :1.00 in connection with a qualifying acquisition for the fiscal quarter when such qualifying acquisition is consummated and the following three fiscal quarters). 
 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company, as borrower, and certain subsidiaries of the Company, each acting as guarantors, entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2). The Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2, among other things, (i) reduced the applicable margin with respect to the loans under the Revolving Facility and (ii) modified certain covenants in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2032 
 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes) pursuant to an indenture among the Company, as issuer, certain subsidiaries of the Company named as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The 2032 Notes were sold to investors at plus accrued interest, if any, from September 17, 2024 in a private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The net proceeds of the offering of the 2032 Notes were used to repay all of the Company s outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility, to pay fees and expenses in connection with the offering, and for general corporate purposes. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on extinguishment of million related to the difference between the repayment amount and net carrying amount of the Term Loan A Facility, which is included in the Interest expense line item on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2025. The 2032 Notes will mature on October 15, 2032. 
 
 The 2032 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect domestic restricted subsidiaries that incur or guarantee indebtedness under the Facilities or other qualifying indebtedness that, in the aggregate, exceeds million, including the 2029 Notes (as defined below). 
 
 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes) pursuant to an indenture among the Company, as issuer, certain subsidiaries of the Company named as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. The 2029 Notes were sold to investors at plus accrued interest, if any, from April 4, 2024 in a private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The net proceeds of the offering of the 2029 Notes were used to repay all of the Company s outstanding borrowings and accrued interest under the Term Loan B Facility and the Revolving Facility and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the offering. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on extinguishment of million related to the difference between the repayment amount and net carrying amount of the Term Loan B Facility, which is included in the Interest expense line item on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2024. The 2029 Notes will mature on April 15, 2029. 
 
 The 2029 Notes are senior secured obligations of the Company and are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect domestic restricted subsidiaries that incur or guarantee indebtedness under the 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million, including the 2032 Notes. The 2029 Notes and the guarantees are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s and the guarantors assets, subject to certain excluded assets, exceptions and permitted liens, which security interest ranks equally with the first-priority security interest securing the Facilities. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 In 2020, the Former Parent completed its acquisition of Delphi Technologies PLC (Delphi Technologies). In connection therewith, the Former Parent completed its offer to exchange Delphi Technologies outstanding Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes). Approximately of the million total outstanding principal amount of the 2025 Notes, were validly exchanged and cancelled for new BorgWarner notes. In connection with the Spin-Off, the obligations under the remaining million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes were assumed by the Company. 

NOTE 12 
 Payroll and employee related Income taxes payable Product warranties (Note 10) Accrued freight Accrued interest Operating leases Supplier related Employee termination benefits Legal and professional fees Deferred engineering Accrued utilities Other non-income taxes Other Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Deferred income taxes Operating leases Product warranties (Note 10) Uncertain tax positions Deferred income Other Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 
 million to million, of which million has been contributed through the first nine months of the year. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized loss ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost are included in Other postretirement expense (income), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE 14 
 ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Spin-Off related adjustments ) ) Share-based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Excise tax on purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net issuance of executive stock plan Net earnings Other comprehensive income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) Net loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net transfers to Former Parent ) ) Reclassification of Former Parent's net investment and issuance of ordinary shares in connection with Spin-Off ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (in millions) Issued common stock Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Total equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Spin-Off related adjustments ) ) Share-based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Excise tax on purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net issuance of executive stock plan ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) Net earnings ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net transfers from Former Parent Reclassification of Former Parent's net investment and issuance of ordinary shares in connection with Spin-Off ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (in millions) Foreign currency translation adjustments Defined benefit pension plans Hedge instruments Total Beginning balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income 
 Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) )) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) (in millions) Foreign currency translation adjustments Defined benefit pension plans Hedge instruments Total Beginning Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 16 
 19 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 17 
 million. These expenses were primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Royalty Income and R D Income from Former Parent 
 The Company participated in royalty arrangements and provided applications testing and other R D services to the Former Parent prior to the Spin-Off. See Note 4, Other operating expense, net for additional information. 
 20 

Table of Contents Cash pooling and other equity settled balances with Former Parent ) Related-party notes converted to equity Corporate allocations Research and development income from Former Parent ) Total net transfers from Former Parent Exclude non-cash items: Stock-based compensation ) Other non-cash activities with Former Parent, net ) Related-party notes converted to equity ) Cash pooling and intercompany financing activities with Former Parent, net Total net transfers to Former Parent per Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow ) 
 
 NOTE 18 
 million PHINIA ordinary shares outstanding immediately following the Spin-Off. The same number of shares was used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share in those periods since no PHINIA equity awards were outstanding prior to the Spin-Off. 
 The dilutive impact of stock-based compensation is calculated using the treasury stock method. The treasury stock method assumes that the Company uses the assumed proceeds from the exercise of awards to repurchase common stock at the average market price during the period. The assumed proceeds under the treasury stock method include the purchase price that the grantee will pay in the future and compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Net earnings (loss) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of stock-based compensation Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding including dilutive shares Diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) 
 ___________________________________ 
 The Company had a loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share in the period, as any dilutive securities would reduce the loss per share. 

NOTE 19 
 reportable segments, which are further described below. These segments are strategic business groups, which are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. 
 Fuel Systems. This segment provides advanced fuel injection systems, fuel delivery modules, canisters, sensors, electronic control modules and associated software. Our highly engineered fuel injection systems portfolio includes pumps, injectors, fuel rail assemblies, engine control modules, and complete systems, including software and calibration services, that are designed to reduce emissions and improve fuel economy for traditional and hybrid applications. 
 Aftermarket. Through this segment, the Company sells products to independent aftermarket customers and OES customers. Its product portfolio includes a wide range of products as well as maintenance, test equipment and vehicle diagnostics solutions. The Aftermarket segment also includes sales of starters and alternators to OEMs. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment AOI is comprised of segment operating income adjusted for restructuring, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges, other net expenses and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment AOI is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reportable segments. Segment AOI excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent corporate expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Aftermarket Inter-segment eliminations ) ) ) ) Total 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Customers Inter-segment Net Customers Inter-segment Net Fuel Systems Aftermarket ) Inter-segment eliminations ) ) ) ) Total 
 Aftermarket Segment AOI Corporate, including stock-based compensation Separation and transaction costs Losses for other one-time events Intangible asset amortization expense Restructuring expense Equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax ) ) ) ) Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Other postretirement expense (income), net ) Earnings before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net earnings (loss) ) 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 20 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and tooling amortization Intangible asset amortization Restructuring expense, net of cash paid Loss on extinguishment of debt Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax expense Other non-cash adjustments, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding foreign currency translation adjustments: Receivables ) Inventories ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Prepaid taxes and income taxes payable ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Retirement benefit plan contributions ) Net cash provided by operating activities SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for: Interest, net Income taxes, net of refunds 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 21 
 Other operating expense (income), net Operating income ) ) Earnings before income taxes ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted ) ) ) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ) Other non-cash adjustments, net ) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet September 30, 2023 (in millions) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Retained Deficit ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statements For Forward-Looking Information 
 This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical fact that provide current expectations or forecasts of future events based on certain assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements use words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, designed, effect, estimate, evaluate, expect, forecast, goal, initiative, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, seek, should, target, when, will, would, or other words of similar meaning. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and factors relating to our business and operations, all of which are difficult to predict and which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: adverse changes in general business and economic conditions, including recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns impacting the vehicle and industrial equipment industries; our ability to deliver new products, services and technologies in response to changing consumer preferences, increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, and acceleration of the market for electric vehicles; competitive industry conditions; failure to identify, consummate, effectively integrate or realize the expected benefits from acquisitions or partnerships; pricing pressures from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); inflation rates and volatility in the costs of commodities used in the production of our products; changes in U.S. and foreign administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations; our ability to protect our intellectual property; failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity; our ability to identify, attract, retain and develop a qualified global workforce; difficulties launching new vehicle programs; failure to achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from restructuring and product portfolio optimization actions; extraordinary events (including natural disasters or extreme weather events), political disruptions, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other public health crises, and acts of war; risks related to our international operations; the impact of economic, political, and market conditions on our business in China; our reliance on a limited number of OEM customers; supply chain disruptions; work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events or conditions; governmental investigations and related proceedings regarding vehicle emissions standards, including the ongoing investigation into diesel defeat devices; current and future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations; the impact of climate change and regulations related to climate change, including evolving greenhouse gas emissions regulations in California, the U.S. and European Union; liabilities related to product warranties, litigation and other claims; compliance with legislation, regulations, and policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and changes in and new interpretations of existing rules and regulations; tax audits and changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities; volatility in the credit market environment; impairment charges on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets; the impact of changes in interest rates and asset returns on our pension funding obligations; the impact of restrictive covenants and requirements in the agreements governing our indebtedness on our financial and operating flexibility; our ability to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off; other risks relating to the Spin-Off, including a determination that the Spin-Off does not qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, restrictions and obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement, and our or BorgWarner s failure to perform under, and any dispute relating to, the various transaction agreements; and other risks and uncertainties described in our reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 
 We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Form 10-Q contains information about PHINIA s financial results that is not presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Such non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-Q. The provision of these comparable GAAP financial measures is not intended to indicate that PHINIA is explicitly or implicitly providing projections on those GAAP financial measures, and actual results for such measures are likely to vary from those presented. The reconciliations include all information reasonably available to the Company at the date of this Form 10-Q and the adjustments that management can reasonably predict. 
 
 Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management, investors, and banking institutions in their analysis of the Company s business and operating performance. Management also uses this information for operational planning and decision-making purposes. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not and should not be considered a substitute for any GAAP measure. Additionally, because not all companies use identical calculations, the non-GAAP financial measures as presented by PHINIA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 INTRODUCTION 
 PHINIA is a leader in the development, design and manufacture of integrated components and systems that are designed to optimize performance, increase efficiency and reduce emissions for combustion and hybrid propulsion systems for commercial vehicles and industrial applications (medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, off-highway construction, marine, aviation, and agricultural) and light vehicles (passenger cars, trucks, vans and sport-utility). We are a global supplier to most major OEMs seeking to meet evolving and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements and satisfy consumer demands for an enhanced user experience. Additionally, we offer a wide range of OES solutions and remanufactured products as well as an expanded range of products for the independent (non-OEM) aftermarket. 
 Transition to Standalone Company 
 On December 6, 2022, BorgWarner Inc., a manufacturer and supplier of automotive industry components and parts (BorgWarner, or Former Parent) announced plans for the complete legal and structural separation of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses by the spin-off of its wholly-owned subsidiary, PHINIA, which was formed on February 9, 2023 (the Spin-Off). 
 On July 3, 2023, BorgWarner completed the Spin-Off in a transaction intended to qualify as tax-free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of the outstanding common stock of PHINIA to holders of record of common stock of BorgWarner on a pro rata basis. Each holder of record of BorgWarner common stock received one share of PHINIA common stock for every five shares of common stock of BorgWarner held on June 23, 2023, the Record Date. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, stockholders of the Company received cash. As a result of these transactions, all of the assets, liabilities, and legal entities comprising BorgWarner s Fuel Systems and Aftermarket businesses are now owned directly, or indirectly through its subsidiaries, by PHINIA. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Key Trends and Economic Factors 
 Commodities and Other Inflationary Impacts. Prices for commodities remain volatile, and since the beginning of 2021, the Company has experienced price increases for energy and base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and copper) while slightly decreasing in the third quarter of 2024. In addition, many global economies are experiencing elevated levels of inflation more generally, which is driving an increase in other input costs. As a result, the Company has experienced, and is continuing to experience, higher costs. 

Outlook 
 We expect strong earnings and cash generation in 2024 as we have and expect to continue to drive operational efficiencies, exit agreements with our Former Parent and grow our Aftermarket sales. On the original equipment (OE) side, continued economic and political uncertainty has caused the commercial vehicle (CV) and light vehicle (LV) markets to soften. Volumes in 2024 are expected to decline by low single digit percentages. Assuming constant foreign exchange rates, we expect a modest year-over-year decline in sales despite strong growth in our Aftermarket segment. 
 The Company maintains a positive long-term outlook for its global business and is committed to new product development and strategic investments to enhance its product leadership strategy. There are several trends that are driving the Company s long-term growth that management expects to continue, including market share expansion in the CV market, growth in overall vehicle parc that supports aftermarket demand, increased consumer interest in hybrid and plug-in vehicles, and adoption of additional product offerings enabling zero- and lower-carbon fuel solutions for combustion vehicles. In 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 addition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to expand our differentiated offerings and capabilities across electronics, software and complete systems. 
 Relationship with BorgWarner 
 Historically, we have relied on BorgWarner to provide various corporate functions. Following the Spin-Off, BorgWarner has not provided us with assistance other than the limited transition and other services described under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in the Company s proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on March 27, 2024. The Company entered into several agreements with BorgWarner that govern the relationship between the parties following the Spin-Off that are described in our Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023. BorgWarner was only obligated to provide the transition services for limited periods following the completion of the Spin-Off. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had successfully exited all transition services agreements. We have installed and implemented information technology infrastructure to support certain of our business functions, including accounting and financial reporting, human resources, legal and compliance, communications, engineering, manufacturing and distribution, and sourcing. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s operating results: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Net sales of net sales of net sales Fuel Systems 547 65.2 620 69.2 Aftermarket 357 42.5 332 37.1 Inter-segment eliminations (65) (7.7) (56) (6.3) Total net sales 839 100.0 896 100.0 Cost of sales 652 77.7 719 80.2 Gross profit 187 22.3 177 19.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 108 12.9 104 11.6 Other operating expense, net 13 1.5 27 3.0 Operating income 66 7.9 46 5.2 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (3) (0.4) (2) (0.2) Interest expense 20 2.4 22 2.5 Interest income (4) (0.5) (4) (0.4) Other postretirement expense (income), net Earnings before income taxes 53 6.4 30 3.3 Provision for income taxes 22 2.6 31 3.5 Net earnings (loss) 31 3.8 (1) (0.2) 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 839 million, a decrease of 57 million, or 6 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Unfavorable volume decreased sales by approximately 51 million, or 6 . This decrease was primarily driven by lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe and China within the Fuel Systems segment, partially offset by favorable volume in Europe within the Aftermarket segment. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the contract manufacturing agreements with the Former Parent coming to an end, sales decreased 25 million. No additional sales from these agreements are expected. 
 Customer pricing increased net sales by approximately 18 million period-over-period, primarily due to recoveries from the Company s customers for cost inflation arising from non-contractual commercial negotiation in the Aftermarket segment and current period commodity pass-through increases in the Fuel Systems segment. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a period-over-period increase in sales of approximately 1 million, primarily due to the strengthening of the British Pound largely offset by the weakening of the Brazilian Real relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 652 million and 78 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 719 million and 80 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 67 million in cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Lower sales volume and mix decreased cost of sales by approximately 43 million. This decrease was primarily driven by lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe and China in the Fuel Systems segment, partially offset by favorable mix in Europe within the Aftermarket segment. 
 Cost of sales decreased 25 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with Former Parent that were entered into in connection with the Spin-Off. 
 Cost of sales decreased by approximately 11 million due to lower supplier-related and inflationary costs. 
 Employee costs increased cost of sales by 4 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to inflation and incentive compensation. 
 Other manufacturing costs increased cost of sales by 8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 187 million and 22 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 177 million and 20 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A 
 SG A for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 108 million as compared to 104 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 13 and 12 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. SG A was comprised of the following: 
 Employee-related costs were 41 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 4 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to inflation, incentive compensation, and increases in headcount associated with the transition to a standalone company. 
 R D costs were 26 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 2 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 3.1 of net sales in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.7 of net sales in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company will continue to invest in R D programs, which are necessary to support short- and long-term growth. The Company s current long-term expectation for R D spending is 3 of net sales. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 IT costs incurred directly by the Company were 8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Intangible amortization expense was 7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, flat compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other SG A costs were 26 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other operating expense, net 
 Other operating expense, net was 13 million and 27 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 4, Other operating expense, net, for more information. Other operating expense, net was comprised of the following: 
 Restructuring expense was 6 million and 4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to individually approved restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount. The Company continues to evaluate different options across its operations to reduce existing structural costs. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our business, additional restructuring could be required and may result in significant costs. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, separation and transaction costs were 4 million and 25 million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with the Spin-Off. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 4 million related to losses on other one-time events, primarily related to a supplier fire. 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 3 million and 2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint venture. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense was 20 million and 22 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily related to reduced interest rates as a result of the restructuring of the Company s debt positions, partially offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt of 2 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. See Note 11, Notes Payable and Debt , for further discussion on the extinguishment of debt. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income was 4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes w as 22 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting in an effective tax rate of 42 . This compared to 31 million, or 103 , for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably a decrease in pre-tax losses where no benefit is recognized and a decrease in U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 For further details, see Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted net earnings per diluted share 
 The Company defines adjusted net earnings per diluted share as net earnings per share adjusted to exclude the tax-effected impact of restructuring expense, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization, impairment charges, other net expenses, and other gains, losses and tax amounts not reflective of the Company s ongoing operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net earnings per diluted share 0.70 (0.02) Intangible asset amortization expense 0.13 0.13 Restructuring expense 0.11 0.08 Separation and transaction costs 0.08 0.48 Losses for other one-time events 0.08 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.03 Tax adjustments 0.04 0.02 Adjusted net earnings per diluted share 1.17 0.69 

Results by Reportable Segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The Company s business is aggregated into two reportable segments: Fuel Systems and Aftermarket. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment AOI is comprised of segment operating income adjusted for restructuring, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment AOI is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reportable segments. 
 Segment AOI excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent corporate expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. Corporate expenses not allocated to Segment AOI were 24 million and 19 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in corporate expenses in 2024 was primarily related to additional costs resulting from operating as a standalone company. 
 The following table presents Net sales and Segment AOI for the Company s reportable segments: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net Sales to Customers Segment AOI margin Net Sales to Customers Segment AOI margin Fuel Systems 484 55 11.4 561 55 9.8 Aftermarket 355 56 15.8 335 46 13.7 Totals 839 111 896 101 
 The Fuel Systems segment s net sales to customers for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 77 million, or 14 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income was flat compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in sales of approximately 1 million primarily due to the strengthening of the British Pound, largely offset by the weakening of the Brazilian Real relative to the U.S. Dollar. The decrease in net sales excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 58 million of unfavorable volume and net new 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 business driven by decreased demand for the Company s products compared to the prior year, primarily from lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe and China. The decrease in net sales was also driven by approximately 25 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with BorgWarner, which ended in the quarter. These were offset by 5 million of pricing. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 11.4 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.8 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily driven by supplier cost savings. 
 The Aftermarket segment s net sales to customers for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 20 million, or 6 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 10 million, or 22 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net sales was primarily due to 13 million of customer pricing and approximately 7 million of favorable volume and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products compared to the prior year, primarily in Europe. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 15.8 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, comparable to 13.7 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily driven by customer pricing. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s operating results: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Net sales of net sales of net sales Fuel Systems 1,710 66.5 1,794 68.6 Aftermarket 1,050 40.9 1,001 38.2 Inter-segment eliminations (190) (7.4) (177) (6.8) Total net sales 2,570 100.0 2,618 100.0 Cost of sales 2,003 77.9 2,080 79.4 Gross profit 567 22.1 538 20.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 324 12.6 306 11.7 Other operating expense, net 35 1.4 72 2.8 Operating income 208 8.1 160 6.1 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (8) (0.3) (8) (0.3) Interest expense 81 3.2 34 1.3 Interest income (12) (0.5) (9) (0.3) Other postretirement expense (income), net 1 (1) Earnings before income taxes 146 5.7 144 5.4 Provision for income taxes 72 2.8 75 2.9 Net earnings 74 2.9 69 2.5 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 2,570 million, a decrease of 48 million, or 2 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Unfavorable volume decreased sales by approximately 76 million, or 3 . This decrease was primarily driven by lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe and lower sales in China within the Fuel Systems segment, partially offset by favorable volume in Europe within the Aftermarket segment. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the contract manufacturing agreements with the Former Parent coming to an end, sales decreased 3 million. No additional sales from these agreements are expected. 
 Customer pricing increased net sales by approximately 30 million. This is primarily related to an increase in recoveries of inflationary costs from the Company s customers due to non-contractual commercial negotiations with those customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a period-over-period increase in net sales of approximately 1 million, primarily due to the strengthening of the British Pound and Euro, largely offset by the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Brazilian Real, each relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 2,003 million and 78 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,080 million and 79 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 77 million in cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 Lower sales volume, mix and net new business decreased cost of sales by approximately 71 million. This decrease was primarily driven by lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe and lower sales in China in the Fuel Systems segment, partially offset by favorable mix in Europe within the Aftermarket segment. 
 Cost of sales was impacted by lower supplier-related and inflationary costs of approximately 43 million arising primarily from supplier savings and a lump sum supplier settlement of 7 million. 
 Cost of sales decreased 3 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with Former Parent that were entered into in connection with the Spin-Off. 
 Employee costs increased cost of sales by 18 million, primarily related to inflation and incentive compensation. 
 Other manufacturing costs increased cost of sales by 22 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 567 million and 22 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 538 million and 21 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 SG A for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 324 million as compared to 306 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 13 and 12 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. SG A was comprised of the following: 
 Employee-related costs were 118 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 18 million, primarily due to inflation, incentive compensation, and increases in headcount associated with the transition to a standalone company. 
 R D costs were 83 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This includes gross R D expenditures of 154 million, comprised primarily of employee costs, offset by customer reimbursements of 71 million, which represent recovery of costs incurred. R D costs increased 2 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. R D costs, net of customer 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 reimbursements, were 3.2 of net sales in both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company s current long-term expectation for R D spending is approximately 3 of net sales. 
 IT costs incurred directly by the Company were 22 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Intangible amortization expense was 21 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Other SG A costs were 80 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other operating expense, net 
 Other operating expense, net was 35 million and 72 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 4, Other operating expense, net, for more information. Other operating expense, net was comprised of the following: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, separation and transaction costs were 24 million and 84 million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with the Spin-Off. 
 Restructuring expense was 11 million and 10 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to individually approved restructuring actions that primarily related to reductions in headcount. The Company continues to evaluate different options across its operations to reduce existing structural costs. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our business, additional restructuring could be required and may result in significant costs. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 4 million related to losses on other one-time events, primarily related to a supplier fire. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized income related to application testing and other R D services for other BorgWarner businesses of 2 million. The R D services stopped after the Spin-Off was completed. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized royalty income related to licensing of the Delphi Technologies trade name and product-related intellectual properties to other BorgWarner businesses in the amount of 17 million. These royalty arrangements have not continued subsequent to the completion of the Spin-Off. 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint venture. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense was 81 million and 34 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily related to the issuance of debt in connection with the Spin-Off as well as the loss on extinguishment of debt of 22 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 11, Notes Payable and Debt , for further discussion of the extinguishment of debt. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income 
 Interest income was 12 million and 9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher interest rates on higher cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 Other postretirement expense (income), net 
 Other postretirement expense (income), net was expense of 1 million and income of 1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in other postretirement expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to higher interest costs in 2024. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was 72 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting in an effective tax rate of 49 . This compared to 75 million, or 52 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax earnings, most notably a decrease in pre-tax losses where no benefit is recognized and a decrease in U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 For further details, see Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Adjusted net earnings per diluted share 
 The Company defines adjusted net earnings per diluted share as net earnings per share adjusted to exclude the tax-effected impact of restructuring expense, separation and transaction costs, intangible asset amortization, impairment charges, other net expenses, and other gains, losses and tax amounts not reflective of the Company s ongoing operations. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net earnings per diluted share 1.63 1.46 Separation and transaction costs 0.48 1.72 Intangible asset amortization expense 0.40 0.40 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.37 Restructuring expense 0.19 0.17 Losses for other one-time events 0.08 Royalty income from Former Parent (0.36) Tax adjustments 0.03 Adjusted net earnings per diluted share 3.15 3.42 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Results by Reportable Segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table presents Net sales and Segment AOI for the Company s reportable segments: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net Sales to Customers Segment AOI margin Net Sales to Customers Segment AOI margin Fuel Systems 1,529 162 10.6 1,621 160 9.9 Aftermarket 1,041 169 16.2 997 143 14.3 Totals 2,570 331 2,618 303 
 The Fuel Systems segment s net sales to customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 92 million, or 6 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 2 million, or 1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a period-over-period decrease in sales of approximately 5 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Brazilian Real, partially offset by the strengthening of the British Pound and Euro, each relative to the U.S. Dollar. The decrease excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 88 million of unfavorable volume and net new business driven by lower commercial vehicle sales in Europe, lower sales in China, and 3 million related to certain contract manufacturing agreements with BorgWarner, which ended in the quarter. This was offset by 4 million of customer pricing. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 10.6 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.9 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily due to a lump sum supplier settlement offset by product volume and mix. 
 The Aftermarket segment s net sales to customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 44 million, or 4 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 26 million, or 18 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in sales of approximately 6 million primarily due to the strengthening of the British Pound relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 26 million of pricing and approximately 12 million of favorable volume and net new business driven by increased demand for the Company s products, primarily in the Americas. Segment Adjusted Operating margin was 16.2 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, comparable to the 14.3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating margin increase was primarily due to customer pricing. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Overview 
 We utilize certain arrangements with various financial institutions to sell eligible trade receivables from certain customers in North America and Europe. We may terminate any or all of these arrangements at any time subject to prior written notice. While we do not depend on these arrangements for our liquidity, if we elected to terminate these arrangements, there would be a one-time unfavorable timing impact on the collection of any outstanding receivables. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 477 million and 365 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively, of which 336 million and 347 million, respectively, was held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We believe our existing cash and cash flows generated from operations and indebtedness incurred in conjunction with the Spin-Off discussed below will be responsive to the needs of our current and planned operations for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Agreement 
 On July 3, 2023, the Company entered into a 1.225 billion Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement) consisting of a 500 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility), a 300 million Term Loan A Facility (the Term Loan A Facility) and a 425 million Term Loan B Facility (the Term Loan B Facility; together with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively, the Facilities) in connection with the Spin-Off that occurred on the same date, maturing on July 3, 2028. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility, and availability of 499 million. The Term Loan B Facility was fully repaid in connection with the issuance of the 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 on April 4, 2024, as discussed below. The Term Loan A Facility was fully repaid in connection with the issuance of the 6.625 Senior Notes due 2032 on September 17, 2024, as discussed below. 
 Issuance of Senior Notes 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company issued 525 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes) pursuant to an indenture among the Company, as issuer, certain subsidiaries of the Company named as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent. The 2029 Notes were sold to investors at 100 plus accrued interest, if any, from April 4, 2024 in a private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The net proceeds of the offering of the 2029 Notes were used to repay all of the Company s outstanding borrowings and accrued interest under the Term Loan B Facility and the Revolving Facility, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the offering. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on extinguishment of 20 million related to the difference between the repayment amount and net carrying amount of the Term Loan B Facility, which is included in the Interest expense line item on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company issued 450 million aggregate principal amount of 6.625 Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes) pursuant to an indenture among the Company, as issuer, certain subsidiaries of the Company named as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The 2032 Notes were sold to investors at 100 plus accrued interest, if any, from September 17, 2024 in a private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The net proceeds of the offering of the 2032 Notes were used to repay all of the Company s outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility, to pay fees and expenses in connection with the offering, and for general corporate purposes. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on extinguishment of 2 million related to the difference between the repayment amount and net carrying amount of the Term Loan A Facility, which is included in the Interest expense line item on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Refer to Note 11. Notes Payable And Debt for further information on the Credit Agreement, the 2029 Notes and the 2032 Notes. 
 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 235 million and 188 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in cash from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to working capital changes. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 84 million and 117 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to capital expenditures. As a percentage of 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 sales, capital expenditures were 3.3 and 4.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 61 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily related to the repayment of Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities, stock repurchases, dividend payments to PHINIA stockholders, largely offset by the issuances of the 2029 Notes and 2032 Notes. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates disclosures appear in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies And Estimates, in the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024. There were no material changes to this information during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appear in Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024. There were no material changes to this information during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 
 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective. There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential. Proceedings that were previously disclosed may no longer be reported because, as a result of rulings in the case, settlements, changes in our business, or other developments, in our judgment, they are no longer material to the Company s business, financial position or results of operations. Refer to Note 16, Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 SEC regulations require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to these regulations, the Company uses a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We face a number of risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A discussion of our risk factors can be found in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2024. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our previously disclosed risk factors. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In August 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a 150 million share repurchase program. In August 2024, the Company s Board of Directors increased the authorization by 250 million for a total share repurchase program of 400 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 212 million of common stock under its repurchase program, excluding the impact of Federal excise tax. Under the repurchase program, shares may be repurchased in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase programs or Rule 10b5-1 plans in compliance with SEC requirements. The exact amount and timing of any purchases will depend on a number of factors, including trading price, trading volume, and general market conditions. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended, discontinued, or resumed at any time. Repurchased shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued. 
 41 

The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of its equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under plans or programs (in millions) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 13 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 1,197,948 45.56 1,197,948 208 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 421,659 48.44 421,659 188 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Trading Arrangements 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, none of the individuals serving as the Company s directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, at that time , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 42 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2024, by and among the Company, the guarantors named therein and the U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2024). 
 10.1 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2024, by and among the Company, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereof, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2024). 
 10.2 Form of Deferred Cash Award Agreement for Employees (China). + 
 31.1 Rule 13a-(14a)/15d-(14a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PHINIA Inc. By: /s/ Samantha M. Pombier (Signature) Samantha M. Pombier Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 44 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 formofdeferredcashawardagr.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 
 Form of Deferred Cash Award Agreement China 
 
 This Deferred Cash Award Agreement (this Agreement dated as of ___________________ (the Grant Date ), by and between PHINIA Delphi Automotive Systems (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. - (China) (the Company ), a company established under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the P.R.C. ), and ___________ (the Employee ), is entered into as follows 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has determined that the Employee be granted an opportunity to receive a deferred cash award Phantom Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as an incentive for the Employee s continued services to the Company. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth 
 
 1. Award of Phantom Units . The Company hereby awards to the Employee on the Grant Date, ______________ Phantom Units. Each Phantom Unit awarded hereunder represents a contingent right to receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of one share of common stock, par value 0.01 Stock ), of PHINIA Inc., a Delaware corporation PHINIA ), upon satisfaction of the conditions for vesting as provided in Section 3 of this Agreement and subject further to the additional terms and conditions of this Agreement (the Award ). For purposes of this Agreement, Fair Market Value shall mean, per share of Stock on a particular date, the last sales price on that date on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported on the composite tape or other reporting system thereof. If there is no regular public trading market for the Stock, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The Employee will have 90 days from the Grant Date to accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the Employee does not accept such terms and conditions within this timeframe, the Company may cancel the Award without any notice to the Employee. 
 
 2. Vesting of Phantom Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Phantom Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule, provided that the Employee remains continuously employed by or in the service of the Company through the applicable vesting date (each date set forth below, a Vesting Date 
 
 Vesting Date Vested Percentage 
 
 February 28, 2025 33 1 3 of the Phantom Units 
 
 February 28, 2026 33 1 3 of the Phantom Units 
 
 February 28, 2027 Remainder of the Phantom Units 

provided however, that 
 
 a. In the event of (i) the Employee s termination of employment by the Company for Cause (as defined in Appendix A attached to this Agreement) or (ii) the Employee s voluntary termination of employment with the Company, the Employee shall immediately forfeit any Phantom Units not yet vested and paid as of the date of the Employee s termination of employment and thereby forfeit all rights to receive a cash payment in settlement of such unvested Phantom Units 
 
 b. In the event a Change in Control (as defined in Appendix A attached to this Agreement) occurs before the date the Phantom Units become 100 vested, the restrictions applicable to any unvested Phantom Units covered by this Award will remain in effect unless, after the Change in Control and before the date the Phantom Units become 100 vested 
 
 i. The Employee s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company (other than for Cause) as a result of the Change in Control or 
 ii. The Employee voluntarily terminates the Employee s employment for Good Reason (as defined in Appendix A attached to this Agreement). 
 
 If (i) or (ii) above occurs after a Change in Control and before the Phantom Units become 100 vested, the restrictions applicable to any then unvested Phantom Units covered by this Award will lapse and the Phantom Units will be free of all restrictions and become fully vested as of the date the Employee s employment terminates and 
 
 c. In the event of the Employee s death, Disability or Retirement that occurs on or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date (each, as defined in Appendix A attached to this Agreement), or in the event of the Employee s involuntary termination of employment without Cause that occurs prior to the Phantom Units becoming 100 vested, the Company shall have the discretion to waive, in whole or in part, any continued employment requirement with respect to the Phantom Units that remain unvested as of such event to the extent such waiver does not violate any applicable laws or result in any adverse tax consequences to the Employee. 
 
 3. Cash Payment . As soon as administratively practicable following each Vesting Date, the Company shall make a cash payment in local currency, less any applicable tax withholding and or any other required withholdings pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, to the Employee in settlement of the vested Phantom Units equal to (a) the number of Phantom Units that vested on such Vesting Date, multiplied by (b) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on such Vesting Date. 

4. Compliance with Laws . As a condition of the grant of the Phantom Units, the Employee agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, PHINIA, or their subsidiaries and affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company, PHINIA, and their subsidiaries and affiliates to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Employee. Finally, the Employee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Employee s personal legal and tax obligations under all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Employee. 
 
 5. Non-transferability . The Phantom Units and any rights and privileges pertaining thereto are not subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or encumbrance by the Employee or by the Employee s beneficiary, in any manner, by operation of law or otherwise, and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 
 6. No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Employee any right to continued employment with the Company nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the employment of the Employee in accordance with the law. 
 
 7. Discretionary Nature of Grant No Vested Rights . The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the grant of Phantom Units is discretionary in nature and limited in duration. The grant of the Phantom Units is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive an award or benefits in lieu of Phantom Units in the future. Future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. The Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the future value of the Phantom Units is unknown, may increase or decrease from the Grant Date and cannot be predicted with certainty. The Employee also acknowledges that the Employee has carefully read this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all of the provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 8. Currency Fluctuation . The Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation, where applicable, between the Employee s local currency and the United States dollar that may affect the value of the Phantom Units or of any amounts due to the Employee pursuant to the settlement of the Phantom Units. 
 
 9. Withholding . Regardless of any action the Company may take with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, housing fund, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Employee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Employee is and remains the Employee s responsibility, and that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Phantom Units, including the grant of the Phantom Units, the vesting of the Phantom Units and any cash payments made in settlement of the Phantom Units and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Phantom Units to reduce or eliminate the Employee s liability for Tax-Related Items. 

To the extent that the Company is required to withhold any Tax-Related Items in connection with the vesting or settlement of the Phantom Units and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment that the Employee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. 
 
 By accepting this grant of Phantom Units, the Employee expressly consents to the withholding provisions as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Phantom Units shall be the Employee s sole responsibility. 
 
 10. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Phantom Units by electronic means, and the Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. 
 
 11. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions herein to the contrary, if the Employee transfers the Employee s residence and or employment to another country, the Company may establish additional special terms and conditions to this Agreement as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Employee s transfer. Such terms and conditions shall be reflected in an addendum to this Agreement (the Addendum ), and in all circumstances, such Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 12. Additional Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Phantom Units to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Phantom Units. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Employee to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 13. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the P.R.C. without taking into account its conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 14. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations stated above, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 
 15. Changes in Capital or Corporate Structure . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock split, extraordinary distribution with respect to the Stock or other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock, the number of Phantom Units awarded under this Agreement shall be adjusted accordingly (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) in such manner as the Company deems equitable to prevent the diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits to be made available under this Agreement. 

16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and all prior oral and written representations are superseded by this Agreement. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 17. Notices . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender s expense. Notice shall be deemed given when delivered personally or, if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the P.R.C. mail or, if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent. Notice to the Company should be sent to Attention Vice President Total Rewards, PHINIA World Headquarters, 3000 University Drive, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326. Notices to or with respect to the Employee shall be directed to the Employee, or to the Employee s executors, personal representatives or distributees, if the Employee is deceased, or the assignees of the Employee, at the Employee s last home address on the records of the Company. 
 
 18. Amendment of this Agreement . Subject to Section 19 of this Agreement, the Company and the Employee may amend this Agreement only by a written instrument signed by both parties. 
 
 19. Compliance with P.R.C. Law . It is intended that this Agreement comply with any applicable requirements of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE and other laws in effect in the P.R.C. This Agreement shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause this Agreement to fail to meet these SAFE requirements and other laws in the P.R.C. shall have no force and effect until amended to comply with SAFE requirements and other laws in the P.R.C. The Employee hereby agrees in advance to any such required amendment. 
 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which together shall constitute but one agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Employee have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

PHINIA DELPHI AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS EMPLOYEE 
 (SHANGHI) CO. LTD. - (CHINA) 

____________________________ ____________________________ 
 
 By Aaron Prince Name ______________________ 
 
 Its Vice President Total Rewards 

APPENDIX A 
 
 Definitions 
 
 1. Cause . For purposes of the Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the circumstances listed in Article 39 or Article 40(2) of the Labor Contract Law of the P.R.C. LCL ), or equivalent circumstances if the LCL is amended or superseded following the date of execution of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Change in Control . For purposes of the Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 a. the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time (the Exchange Act )) of 20 or more of either 
 1. the then outstanding Stock (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or 
 2. the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of PHINIA entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities 
 
 provided, however, that for purposes of this clause (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control 
 I. any acquisition directly from PHINIA 
 II. any acquisition by PHINIA 
 III. any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by PHINIA or any corporation controlled by PHINIA or 
 IV. any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction described in clause (c)(1), (c)(2) and (c)(3) below or 
 
 b. individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the board of directors of PHINIA (the Incumbent Board and cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Grant Date whose election, or nomination for election by PHINIA s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the board of directors of PHINIA or 
 
 c. consummation by PHINIA of a reorganization, statutory share exchange, merger or consolidation or similar transaction involving PHINIA or any of 

its subsidiaries or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of PHINIA or the acquisition of assets of another entity by PHINIA or any of its subsidiaries (each of the foregoing, a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination 
 
 1. all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns PHINIA or all or substantially all of PHINIA s assets either directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be 
 
 2. no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee plan (or related trust) of PHINIA or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and 
 
 3. at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the board of directors of PHINIA, providing for such Business Combination or 
 
 d. approval by the stockholders of PHINIA of a complete liquidation or dissolution of PHINIA. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Award is considered deferred compensation subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and if a payment under the Award is triggered 

upon a Change in Control , then the foregoing definition shall be deemed amended as necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Disability . For purposes of the Agreement, Disability shall mean that the Employee (a) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, (b) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident or health plan covering the Company s employees, or (c) is determined to be permanently disabled by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 4. Good Reason . For purposes of Section 2(b) of the Agreement, the Employee will be treated as having terminated the Employee s employment for Good Reason if, on or after a Change in Control occurs, the Employee terminates employment after any of the following events occurs without the Employee s consent 
 
 a. the assignment to the Employee of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Employee s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as of the date of the Change in Control or any higher position, authority, duties or responsibilities assigned to the Employee after the date of the Change in Control, or any other diminution in the Employee s position, authority, duties or responsibilities (whether or not occurring solely as a result of PHINIA s ceasing to be a publicly traded entity), excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company within 30 days after receipt of notice thereof given by the Employee or 
 
 b. other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company within 30 days after receipt of notice thereof given by the Employee, any failure by the Company to 
 
 1. pay the Employee an annual base salary at least equal to twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any monthly base salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Employee by the Company in respect of the twelve-month period immediately preceding the month in which the Change in Control occurs or 
 
 2. provide the Employee, for each fiscal year ending prior to the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control, an annual bonus opportunity at least equal to the bonus opportunity in effect for the Employee under PHINIA s Management Incentive Bonus Plan, or any comparable annual bonus under any 

predecessor or successor plan immediately prior to the Change in Control or 
 
 c. the Company requiring the Employee, without the Employee s consent, to 
 
 1. be based at any office or location other than the location where the Employee was employed immediately preceding the date of the Change in Control or any office or location less than 35 miles from such location or 
 
 2. travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 For purposes of the Agreement, any good faith determination of Good Reason made by the Employee shall be conclusive. 
 
 5. Retirement . For purposes of the Agreement, Retirement shall mean the Employee s termination of employment with the Company (a) upon the Employee reaching the statutory retirement age under P.R.C. law, or (b) with the written consent of the Company that such termination of employment shall constitute retirement. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a311section302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Brady D. Ericson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Brady D. Ericson 
 Brady D. Ericson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a312section302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Chris P. Gropp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Chris P. Gropp 
 Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a321section906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brady D. Ericson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, PHINIA Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Brady D. Ericson 
 Brady D. Ericson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that PHINIA Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a322section906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Chris P. Gropp, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, PHINIA Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PHINIA Inc. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Chris P. Gropp 
 Chris P. Gropp 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that PHINIA Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 phin-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 phin-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 phin-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 phin-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 phin-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

