<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1944831_0001944831-24-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2390971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73733</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>565685</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>532271</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>654852</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>536426</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001944831-24-000030.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112150755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001944831-24-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Willow Tree Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001944831
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01797
		FILM NUMBER:		241447279

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 218-1099

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001944831-24-000030.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 wt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

wt-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 7, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I - Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 1 
 Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 3 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 Part II - Other Information 
 20 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 20 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 21 
 Signatures 
 22 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Any such forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, target, goals, plan, forecast, project, other variations on these words or comparable terminology, or the negative of these words. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be incorrect, and we cannot assure you that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the factors discussed in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-lowing statements: 
 Our future operating results; 
 Our business prospects and prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 The ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 Changes in political, economic, or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets including pandemics and supply chain disruptions, could impact our business prospect and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 Volatility of leveraged loan markets; 
 The adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 
 Risk of borrower default; 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly because we intend to use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 
 Actual and potential conflicts of interest with Willow Tree Capital Corp Advisors LLC (the Adviser and its affiliates; 
 Our ability to make distributions; 
 Changes to the fair value of our investments; 
 Geo-political conditions, including revolution, insurgency or war including those arising out of the ongoing war between Russian and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and general uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China; 
 The impact of competition among other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 
 Our ability to qualify for and maintain tax treatment as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"); 
 The impact of information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks, and the increasing use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technology; and 
 Future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements, unless we are required to do so by applicable law. However, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 WILLOW TREE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 
 September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Deferred offering costs Total assets LIABILITIES: Due to affiliate Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Note 4 
 par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributable earnings (loss) ) Total net assets (deficit) ) Total liabilities and net assets (deficit) NET ASSET (DEFICIT) VALUE PER SHARE ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 WILLOW TREE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Statements of Operations 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Investment Income Expenses Organizational expenses Other general and administrative expenses Total Expenses Net investment income (loss) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Per share information - basic and diluted Net investment income (loss) per share (basic and diluted) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share (basic and diluted) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding (basic and diluted) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 WILLOW TREE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Shares Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Net Distributable Earnings (Losses) Total Net Assets (Deficit) Shares Par Value Net assets at beginning of period Operations: Net investment income (loss) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Capital Transactions: Issuance of common stock Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital transactions Net assets (deficit) at end of period ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Shares Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Net Distributable Earnings (Losses) Total Net Assets Shares Par Value Net assets at beginning of period Operations: Net investment income (loss) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Capital Transactions: Issuance of common stock Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital transactions Net assets at end of period 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 WILLOW TREE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Decrease (increase) in deferred offering costs ) Increase (decrease) in due to affiliate Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 WILLOW TREE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 (the Shares ), to accredited investors, as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act or non U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act, in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. The Company will hold one or more closings at which it will either accept capital commitments to purchase Shares from investors or issue Shares for immediate cash investment by the investors. 
 Shareholders that make capital commitments to the Company will be required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s Shares up to the amount of their respective capital commitments each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. 
 
 2. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held and in cash, respectively. 
 of organizational expenses, of offering expenses, and of general and administrative expenses that were previously subject to contingencies under the terms of the expense agreement. See Note 4. Commitments and Contingencies and "Note 6. Subsequent Events - BDC Election" for additional details. 
 Organizational expenses are expensed as incurred and include the cost of formation, including legal fees related to the creation and organization of the Company, their related documents of organization and the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC. Because making the BDC Election was probable as of September 30, 2024, for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred organizational expenses of . 
 Offering expenses are capitalized as a deferred charge and amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over 12 months beginning on the date which the Company first accepts capital contributions from unaffiliated shareholders in the Private Offering. Offering expenses include legal, printing and other offering costs, which include professional advisers fees, fees associated with the offering of common shares of the Company, and those associated with the preparation of the Company s registration statement on Form 10. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred offering expenses of , which have been capitalized and deferred. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of unamortized deferred offering expenses. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 components: a Management Fee (as defined below) and an Incentive Fee (as defined below). Each of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee are payable on the terms described below. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears and will be payable at an annual rate of of the Company s net assets at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be prorated during the relevant calendar quarter. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The Company pays the Adviser an incentive fee Incentive Fee as set forth below. The Incentive Fee consists of parts: an investment-income component and a capital gains component. These components are largely independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. 
 Investment Income Incentive Fee 
 Under the investment-income component, the Company pays the Adviser an incentive fee with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income. The investment-income component will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Payments based on pre-incentive fee net investment income will be based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income earned for the quarter. 
 For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees received from portfolio companies) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the Management Fee, expenses payable under any administration agreement and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash; provided, however, that the portion of the investment-income incentive fee attributable to deferred interest features will be paid, only if and to the extent received in cash, and any accrual thereof will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual, applied in each case in the order such interest was accrued. Such subsequent payments in respect of previously accrued income will not reduce the amounts payable for any quarter pursuant to the calculation of the investment-income component described above. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of per quarter annualized). The Company will pay the Adviser an investment-income incentive fee with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 (1) No investment-income incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of ; 
 (2) of pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to in any calendar quarter 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 annualized) (the portion of pre-incentive fee net investment income that exceeds the hurdle but is less than or equal to is referred to as the catch-up the catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with of pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter); and 
 (3) of the amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized) payable to the Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter is allocated to the Adviser). 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 Under the capital gains component, the Company will pay the Adviser at the end of each calendar year of aggregate cumulative realized capital gains from the date of the Company s election to be regulated as BDC through the end of that year, computed net of aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. 
 The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation. The capital gains component of the Incentive Fee will not be subject to any minimum return to shareholders. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Investment Management Agreement will continue in effect for a period of from its effective date. It will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by the vote of a majority of the Company's directors who are not parties to the Investment Management Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act). 
 Administration Agreement 
 The Company has entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ), dated as of November 8, 2024, with Willow Tree (the Administrator ). See "Note 6 Subsequent Events - Administration Agreement." Under the expected terms of the Administration Agreement, Willow Tree performs, or oversees the performance of, administrative services, which include, but are not limited to, providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others, which could include employees of the Willow Tree or its affiliates. The Company reimburses Willow Tree for services performed for the Company pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. 
 In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, Willow Tree may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party, and the Company will reimburse Willow Tree for any services performed for the Company by such affiliate or third party. To the extent that Willow Tree outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without profit to Willow Tree. 
 The Board, including a majority of independent directors, will review the compensation paid to the Administrator to determine if the provisions of the Administrative Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the fees payable under the Administrative Agreement are reasonable in light of the services provided. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of from the date it first became effective, and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of its outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors. The Company may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. The decision to terminate the agreement may be made by a majority of the Board or the shareholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. 
 Expense Agreement 
 The Company and the Adviser previously entered into an expense agreement, pursuant to which the Adviser and its affiliates have agreed to incur organizational, offering, and other general and administrative expenses on behalf of the Company until the Company elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act.Upon making the BDC Election, the Company incurred total expenses of which was composed of of organizational expenses, of offering expenses, and of other general and administrative expenses that were previously subject to contingencies under the terms of the expense agreement. See "Note 6 - Subsequent Events - BDC Election." 
 8 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 which was composed of of organizational expenses, of offering expenses, and of other general and administrative expenses that were previously subject to contingencies under the terms of the expense agreement. See "Note 6 - Subsequent Events - BDC Election." 
 
 5. 
 shares of common stock, par value per share. The Company issues shares of common stock in the Private Offering on an ongoing basis at an offering price generally equal to the net asset value per share. 
 In March 2024, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock, par value , to Timothy Lower and James Roche, for an aggregate purchase price of . These shares were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, in exchange for a portfolio of assets with an aggregate net asset value of . Such shares were issued in reliance on reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. See "Note 6 - Subsequent Events." 
 
 6.) in which the Company was or is a participant and (iii) have not entered into, nor expect to enter into, any material plan, contract, arrangement, grant or award in connection with their appointment to the Company s board of directors. 
 9 

Table of Contents in which the Company was or is a participant and (iii) has not entered into, nor expects to enter into, any material plan, contract, arrangement, grant or award in connection with his appointment to the Company s board of directors. 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement 
 On October 24, 2024, the board of directors of the Company approved the Articles of Amendment and Restatement. The Articles of Amendment and Restatement amended the Company s Articles of Incorporation to include, among other things: (1) an increase in the amount of authorized shares from to ; (2) an increase in the number of directors from to ; (3) liability limitation and indemnification; and (4) transfer restrictions. On October 29, 2024, the Company filed the Articles of Amendment and Restatement with State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland, and the Articles of Amendment and Restatement became effective immediately upon filing. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser will be responsible for sourcing, reviewing and structuring investment opportunities for the Company, underwriting and performing due diligence on the Company s investments and monitoring its investment portfolio on an ongoing basis. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company will pay the Adviser a fee for its investment advisory and management services consisting of components Management Fee and an Incentive Fee. For a description of the Management Fee and Incentive Fee, see Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions Investment Management Agreement. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, pursuant to which the Administrator is responsible for furnishing the Company with office facilities and equipment and providing the Company with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. For more information on the Administration Agreement, see Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions Administration Agreement. 
 License Agreement 
 On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a license agreement with Willow Tree under which Willow Tree has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use the name Willow Tree and the Willow Tree logo. For more information on the License Agreement, see Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions License Agreement. 
 Formation Transaction 
 Prior to the Company making the BDC Election, on November 8, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Onshore Merger Agreement with Willow Tree Capital Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company managed by the Adviser (the Onshore Fund ), under which the Onshore Fund would merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger (the Onshore Merger ). Prior to the completion of the Onshore Merger, the Adviser served as investment adviser to the Onshore Fund. Under the Onshore Merger Agreement, the members of the Onshore Fund would receive approximately shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock for each unit of membership interest held by such members. The Onshore Merger closed on November 8, 2024, prior to the BDC Election. As a result of the Onshore Merger, the Company issued shares of Common Stock, and acquired a portfolio of assets consisting of loans to borrowers (including term loans, delayed draw term loans, and revolvers), cash and other assets (collectively, the Onshore Assets ), which assets had an aggregate net asset value of . 
 Contemporaneously with entering the Onshore Merger Agreement, and prior to the Company making the BDC Election, on November 8, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Offshore Merger Agreement and, together with the Onshore Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreements with Willow Tree Capital 
 10 

Table of Contents share of Common Stock for each unit of membership interest held by such members. The Offshore Merger closed on November 8, 2024, prior to the BDC Election. As a result of the Offshore Merger, the Company issued shares of Common Stock, and acquired a portfolio of assets consisting of loans to borrowers (including term loans, delayed draw term loans, and revolvers), cash and other assets (collectively, the Offshore Assets ), which assets had an aggregate net asset value of . 
 Following the completion of the Mergers, the Company s total assets were approximately consisting of loans to borrowers (including term loans, delayed draw term loans, and revolvers), cash and other assets. 
 Credit Facility 
 On November 8, 2024, WT Capital Fund SPV1, LLC (the Borrower ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a million revolving credit facility with Ally Bank, as administrative agent (the A R Credit Facility ). The A R Credit Facility combines, amends and restates the Prior Onshore Credit Facility and the Prior Offshore Credit Facility each as defined and described below. 
 Prior to the consummation of the transactions under the Merger Agreements, the Borrower was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Onshore Fund and, prior to the effectiveness of the A R Credit Facility, the Borrower was the borrower under a million revolving credit facility with Ally Bank Prior Onshore Credit Facility ). On November 8, 2024, WT Capital Fund (Offshore) SPV1, LLC (the Offshore Borrower ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with the Borrower with the Borrower being the surviving limited liability company. Prior to the consummation of the transactions under the Merger Agreements, the Offshore Borrower was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Offshore Fund and, prior to the effectiveness of the A R Credit Facility, the Offshore Borrower was the borrower under a million revolving credit facility with Ally Bank Prior Offshore Credit Facility ). The A R Credit Facility combines, amends and restates the Prior Onshore Credit Facility and the Prior Offshore Credit Facility, and increases the total commitments thereunder to million. 
 The A R Credit Facility matures on November 8, 2029 and bears interest at Daily Simple SOFR, one-month Term SOFR or three-month Term SOFR, at the option of the Borrower. 
 The A R Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by the Borrower. Under the A R Credit Facility, the Borrower has made certain customary representations and warranties, and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Company acts as the collateral manager and as the transferor under the A R Credit Facility and the related transaction documents, and, in connection therewith, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties, and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The A R Credit Facility includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. 
 Borrowings under the A R Credit Facility are considered the Company s borrowings for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Subscription Line 
 On November 8, 2024 the Company entered into a revolving credit facility with City National Bank, as administrative agent (the "Subscription Facility"). The Subscription Facility is a replacement of each of the Prior Onshore Subscription Facility (as defined below) and the Prior Offshore Subscription Facility (as defined below). 
 Prior to the consummation of the transactions under the Merger Agreements, and prior to the effectiveness of the Subscription Facility, (a) the Onshore Fund was the borrower under a revolving credit facility with City National Bank as administrative agent (the "Prior Onshore Subscription Facility") and (b) the Offshore Fund was a borrower under a revolving credit facility with City National Bank as administrative agent (the "Prior Offshore Subscription Facility" and, collectively with the Prior Onshore Subscription Facility, the "Prior Subscription Facilities"). In connection with the Mergers and the consummation of the transactions under the Merger Agreements, each of the Prior Subscription Facilities are being terminated. 
 The Subscription Facility matures on November 7, 2025 and bears interest based on one-month Term SOFR, three-month Term SOFR, the Prime Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, at the Company's option, plus the applicable margin. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 12 

Table of Contents 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information in this section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company, and we have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we intend to elect to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to qualify annually thereafter as a RIC under the Code. 
 We are externally managed by Willow Tree Capital Corp Advisors LLC (the Adviser ), a Delaware limited liability company. The Adviser is an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ). Willow Tree Credit Partners LP Willow Tree serves as our administrator (the Administrator pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). The Administrator will provides administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following an initial public offering, if any, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. As an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced operations. Prior to November 8, 2024, the Company s efforts were limited to organizational activities. On November 8, 2024, and immediately prior to the Company electing to be regulated as a BDC (the "BDC Election"), each of Willow Tree Capital Fund, LLC and Willow Tree Capital Offshore Fund, LLC merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"). After the Merger, the Company made the BDC Election, and commenced operations. See Note 6 - Subsequent Events. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have not commenced any investment activities. Therefore, no results of operations are reported. 
 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue in the form of interest income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Our debt investments typically have a term of five to six years with an average duration of three to four years. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable quarterly. Payments of principal on our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the investment, or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments may pay interest in-kind, or PIK interest. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date. The level of interest income we receive will be directly related to the balance of interest-bearing investments multiplied by the weighted average yield of our investments. We expect that the total dollar amount of interest and any dividend income that we earn will increase as the size of our investment portfolio increases. 
 In addition, we may generate revenue from various fees in the ordinary course of business such as in the form of structuring, consent, waiver, amendment, syndication and other miscellaneous fees.We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. We may generate income from dividends on direct equity investments or equity interests obtained in connection with originating loans. 
 
 Expenses 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Adviser, pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, and services necessary for our business, including the origination and administration of our investment portfolio, are provided by 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 individuals who are employees of Willow Tree, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. All investment professionals of the Adviser and its staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services under the Investment Management Agreement, and the compensation and routine compensation-related overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by us. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those listed in the Investment Management Agreement. 
 We reimburse the Administrator in an amount equal to our allocable portion of the Administrator overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs. In addition, if requested to provide significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, the Administrator will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided, which shall not exceed the amount that we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. 
 From time to time, the Adviser or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services . We will reimburse the Adviser or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 Other than as set forth above, we bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 all direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by the Adviser for office space rental, office equipment, utilities and other non-compensation related overhead allocable to performance of investment advisory services under the Investment Management Agreement by the Adviser, including the costs and expenses of due diligence of potential investments, monitoring performance of our investments and disposing of investments, serving as directors and officers of portfolio companies, providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies, enforcing our rights in respect of its investments and disposing of investments (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of outside counsel, accountants, consultants, experts and other third party, valuation, pricing and monitoring services, research expenses (including market data, research analytics and news feeds), rating expenses, origination fees, loan servicing, loan administration, due diligence expenses, investment banking and finders fees, appraisal fees, clearing and settlement charges, brokerage fees, custodial fees, stamp and transfer taxes, hedging costs, travel expenses, broken deal expenses, and expenses associated with developing, licensing, implementing, maintaining or upgrading web portal, website, extranet tools, computer software (including accounting, investor tracking, investor reporting, ledger systems, financial management and cybersecurity) or other administrative or reporting tools (including subscription-based services) for our benefit; 
 organizational and offering expenses; 
 expenses incurred in valuing our assets and computing its net asset value NAV per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 
 fees and expenses incurred by our Administrator or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, or affiliates of the Adviser in connection with monitoring financial, legal, regulatory, and compliance affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise related to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments and in providing administrative services; 
 interest and any other amounts (including without limitation commitment fees, principal payments, outside counsel fees and agent fees) payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and other fees and expenses related to our borrowings; 
 expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 
 offerings of our shares of common stock and other securities (including underwriting, placement agent and similar fees and commissions); 
 management fees and incentive fees; 
 third party investor hosting and similar platforms and service providers; 
 administration fees; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 all costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange; 
 foreign, U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 
 independent directors fees and expenses; 
 costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; 
 costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs; 
 the costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 
 our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 
 direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors, third-party investor hosting and similar platforms and service providers, and outside legal costs; 
 expenses associated with shareholder or board meeting meetings; 
 costs of operating any subsidiaries; 
 any indemnification amounts owed by us; 
 costs and expenses incurred under any litigation, threatened litigation or governmental regulatory inquiry, involving us, our investments or operating activities (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, any judgments, settlements or other amounts paid in connection therewith) and all other extraordinary expenses; and 
 all other expenses incurred by us, or allocable to us, whether paid by us, or the Adviser, or Willow Tree in connection with administering our business (including without limitation, outside counsel, third party valuation, accounting, audit, tax planning and tax return preparation, and other out-of-pocket expenses and fees), such as the allocable portion of overhead under the Administration Agreement, including rent, and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 
 Upon making the BDC Election, the Company incurred 1,788,822 of organizational expenses, 420,593 of offering expenses, and 700,907 of general and administrative expenses that were previously subject to contingencies under the terms of the expense agreement. See "Note 6. Subsequent Events." and Note 4. Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of the Private Offering and from cash flows from interest and fees earned from our investments and principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Our primary uses of cash are investments in portfolio companies, payments of our expenses, payment of cash distributions to our shareholders and repurchases of our shares of common stock under a share repurchase program. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP will require management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by such financial statements. We have identified investment valuation and revenue recognition as our most critical accounting estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. These estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Valuation 
 Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act requires us to value our assets as follows: (i) the third party price for securities for which a quotation is readily available; and (ii) for all other securities and assets, fair value, as determined in good faith by the Board. A market quotation is only readily available to the extent that the security can be valued with Level 1 Inputs (as defined below). As a result, the Board must determine the fair value of all securities valued with Level 2 Inputs or Level 3 Inputs (each as defined below). Since most of the securities that we hold will not have readily available market quotations, we expect that the Board will be required to determine the fair value of the respective Company s securities, with input from the Adviser, third-party independent valuation firms and the respective audit committee of the Board as of the end of each quarter. 
 ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith since fair value depends upon circumstances of each individual case. In general, fair value is the amount that we might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security in an arm s length transaction. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the valuation process, such estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the values that would have been obtained had a ready market for the securities existed, and the differences could be material. Additionally, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available in an active market are valued at such market quotations, which are generally obtained from an independent pricing service or one or more broker dealers or market-makers, provided that a quotation will not be deemed readily available if it is not reliable. However, debt and equity investments closed within approximately 90 days are generally valued at cost, plus accreted discount, if applicable, which approximates fair value. Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are not readily available will be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board. Because we expect that there will not be a readily available market value for many of the investments in its respective portfolio, we expect to value most of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith under the direction of the Board in accordance with the Investment Valuation Process listed below, which have been reviewed and approved by the Board. 
 Under ASC 820, we perform detailed valuations of our debt and equity investments on an individual basis, using market based, income based, and bond yield approaches as appropriate. 
 Under the market approach, we estimate the enterprise value of the portfolio companies in which we invest. There is no one methodology to estimate enterprise value and, in fact, for any one portfolio company, enterprise value is best expressed as a range of fair values, from which we derive a single estimate of enterprise value. To estimate the enterprise value of a portfolio company, we analyze various factors, including the portfolio company s historical and projected financial results. Typically, private companies are valued based on multiples of EBITDA, cash flows, net income, revenues, or in limited cases, book value. We review various sources of transactional data, including publicly comparable companies and private mergers and acquisitions with similar characteristics. We will generally require portfolio companies to provide annual audited and quarterly and monthly unaudited financial statements, as well as annual projections for the upcoming fiscal year. 
 Under the income approach, we generally prepare and analyze the internal rate of return of our debt investments based on the expected future cash flow streams. Under the bond yield approach, we review bond yields of similar companies and compare such yields to the internal rate of return of our debt investments. We review various sources of transactional data, including private mergers and acquisitions involving debt investments with similar characteristics, and assess the information in the valuation process. The guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows: 
 Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access. 
 Level 2 Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
 Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Valuation Process 
 Our Board will undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter in connection with determining the fair value of each of the Company s investments: 
 Company s quarterly valuation process will begin with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the respective Willow Tree valuation team member. 
 Preliminary valuations will then be reviewed and discussed with the principals of Willow Tree. 
 Separately, an independent valuation firm engaged by the Board or the valuation designee, as applicable will provide third party valuation consulting services with respect to our investments at least twice annually for all investments held in the portfolio for at least six months. In certain cases, the Adviser may determine it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in its shareholder s best interest, to consult with the independent financial advisory services firm on its investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, a loan closing a few days prior to quarter-end. 
 As part of the valuation process, the independent valuation firm may review the credit documents, audited financial statements, interim financial statements, financial projections, our internal credit memos, as well as other documents as necessary, for each of our investments. After reviewing the documents, the independent valuation firm conducts various analyses including (i) historical and projected financial results, (ii) cash flow and credit ratios, (iii) comparable public and private companies and transactions, (iv) current and projected financial covenants, (v) internal rate of return based upon the expected future cash flow streams, and (vi) bond yields of comparable companies. Based on these analyses, the independent valuation firm determines if the manager valuations fall within their fair value range as of the valuation date. 
 The independent valuation firm will evaluate Company s valuation compared to its range. If there are discrepancies, they will be resolved via discussion with the Adviser. 
 The Adviser s valuation team prepares a valuation report for the audit committee of the Board. 
 The audit committee of the Board is apprised of the preliminary valuations and the results of the independent valuation firm s conclusion. Once resolved, the independent valuation firm issues its opinion as to whether our valuations are reasonable. 
 The audit committee of the Board will review the preliminary valuations, and the Adviser responds and supplements the preliminary valuations to reflect any comments provided by the audit committee. 
 The audit committee of the Board will make recommendations to the Board regarding the fair value of each investment in our portfolio; and 
 
 The Board will discuss valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms, if any, and the respective audit committee, and determines the fair values of such assets. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We intend to record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent such interest is deemed collectible. PIK interest, represents contractual interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity. We will not accrue any form of interest on loans and debt securities if there is reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we then accrete or amortize such amounts using the effective interest method as interest income. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination fee will be recorded as interest income. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as other income. Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on the declaration date. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for sourcing, reviewing and structuring investment opportunities for us, underwriting and conducting diligence on our investments and monitoring our investment portfolio on an ongoing basis. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 For these services, we will pay (i) a management fee calculated as a percentage of net assets and (ii) an incentive fee based on our performance. 
 We also have entered into the Administration Agreement with Willow Tree. Under the Administration Agreement, our Adviser will be responsible for furnishing us with office facilities and equipment and will provide us with clerical, bookkeeping, record-keeping and other administrative services at such facilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had not commenced operations and did not have any significant contractual payment obligations. On November 8, 2024, and immediately prior to the Company electing to be regulated as a BDC (the "BDC Election"), each of Willow Tree Capital Fund, LLC and Willow Tree Capital Offshore Fund, LLC merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"). After the Merger, the Company made the BDC Election, and commenced operations. See Note 6. Subsequent Events. - BDC Election 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business, we do not have and do not expect to have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. We plan to invest primarily in illiquid debt securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. 
 To the extent that we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which may reduce our net investment income. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Neither we nor the Adviser are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our businesses. We and the Adviser may from time to time, however, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, as amended on May 24, 2024. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, . 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the SEC: 
 Number Exhibit 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2024, by and between and Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Willow Tree Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2024, by and between and Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Willow Tree Capital Offshore Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 30, 2024) 
 3.2 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on May 24, 2024) 
 10.1 
 Investment Management Agreement between, dated as of November 8, 2024, between Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Willow Tree Capital Corp Advisors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.2 
 Administration Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2024, Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Willow Tree Credit Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.3 
 License Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2024, by and between Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Willow Tree Credit Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 . 3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2024, by and between Willow Tree Capital Corporation, as collateral manager and transferor, WT Capital Fund SPV1, LLC, as borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Ally Bank, as administrative agent and arranger, and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as collateral custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on May 24, 2024) 
 10.6 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2024, by and between Willow Tree Capital Corporation, as the primary borrower and City National Bank as the administrative agent and a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.7 
 Assumption of Guaranty by and among Willow Tree Capital Offshore Fund, LLC, Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Macquarie Bank Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 10.8 
 Assumption of Participation Agreement and Trade Confirmation by and among Willow Tree Capital Fund, LLC, Willow Tree Capital Corporation and Macquarie Bank Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 8, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 __________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Willow Tree Capital Corporation Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Timothy Lower 
 Name: Timothy Lower Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Mark Klingensmith 
 Name: Mark Klingensmith 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311ceocertificate-q.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 Exhibit 31.1 CEO Certificate - Q3 10-Q 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy Lower, Chief Executive Officer of Willow Tree Capital Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Willow Tree Capital Corporation (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were 
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, 
 and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls 
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its 
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
 which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
 covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that 
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an 
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control 
 over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or 
 persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, 
 summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 
 significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 

By 

s Timothy Lower 

Timothy Lower 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312cfocertificate-q.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 Exhibit 31.2 CFO Certificate - Q3 10-Q 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark Klingensmith, Chief Financial Officer of Willow Tree Capital Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Willow Tree Capital Corporation (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were 
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, 
 and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls 
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its 
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
 which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
 report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
 covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that 
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an 
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control 
 over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or 
 persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, 
 summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 
 significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 

By 

s Mark Klingensmith 

Mark Klingensmith 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-ceocertificatio.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 Exhibit 32.1 - CEO Certification - Q3 10-Q 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of Willow Tree Capital Corporation 
 (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the 
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly 
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 

By 

s Timothy Lower 

Timothy Lower 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322cfocertification.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 Exhibit. 32.2 CFO Certification - Q3 10-Q 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of Willow Tree Capital Corporation 
 (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge 
 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the 
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly 
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 

By 

s Mark Klingensmith 

Mark Klingensmith 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

