<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1952073_0001952073-24-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6602249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93903</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1384285</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2091338</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1520355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1382330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001952073-24-000035.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108164952
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001952073-24-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001952073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				920318813
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41627
		FILM NUMBER:		241441441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO PENNSYLVANIA PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 465-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO PENNSYLVANIA PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MSGE Spinco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001952073-24-000035.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 msge-20240930.htm
 10-Q

msge-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2024: 
 Class A Common Stock par value 0.01 per share Class B Common Stock par value 0.01 per share 

INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 C ondensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Sept ember 3 0 , 2024 and June 30, 202 4 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 3 0 , 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 3 0 , 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Deficit for the three months ended September 3 0 , 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 31 

1 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 As of September 30, June 30, 2024 2024 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Related party receivables, current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-Current Assets: Property and equipment, net Right-of-use lease assets Goodwill Indefinite-lived intangible assets Deferred tax assets, net 
 Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND DEFICIT 
 Current Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities Related party payables, current Long-term debt, current Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Non-Current Liabilities: Long-term debt, net of deferred financing costs Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 8) 
 Class B Common Stock (b) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock at cost shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024) 
 ) ) Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total deficit ) ) Total liabilities and deficit 
 _________________ 
 (a) par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 (b) par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues (a) 
 Revenues from entertainment offerings 
 Food, beverage, and merchandise revenues Arena license fees and other leasing revenue 
 Total revenues Direct operating expenses (a) 
 Entertainment offerings, arena license fees, and other leasing direct operating expenses 
 ) ) Food, beverage, and merchandise direct operating expenses 
 ) ) Total direct operating expenses ) ) Selling, general, and administrative expenses (a) 
 ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Restructuring credits (charges) 
 ) Operating loss 
 ) ) Interest income 
 Interest expense ) ) Other expense, net 
 ) ) Loss from operations before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax benefit 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Loss per share attributable to MSG Entertainment s stockholders: 
 Basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average number of shares of common stock: 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, before income taxes: Pension plans and postretirement plans 
 Other comprehensive income, before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes 
 Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit 
 ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Net unrealized and realized (gains) losses on equity investments with readily determinable fair value 
 ) Other non-cash adjustments Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Related party receivables and payables, net 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued and other current, and non-current liabilities 
 ) ) Deferred revenue Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments 
 Loan to related parties 
 ) Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
 Principal repayment on long-term debt 
 ) Proceeds from related party loan Payments for debt financing costs 
 ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for equity-based compensation 
 ) ) Stock repurchases 
 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid or paid by landlord Non-cash stock repurchases in lieu of payment of loan due from related party 
 Non-cash financing lease obligation 
 ) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF DEFICIT (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total Deficit 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive loss 
 ) Share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding associated with shares issued for share-based compensation ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss 
 ) Share-based compensation Tax withholding associated with shares issues for share-based compensation ) ) Stock repurchases, inclusive of tax ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 All amounts included in the following Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) are presented in thousands, except per share data or as otherwise noted. 
 
 Note 1. 
 reportable segment. 
 The Company s portfolio of venues includes: Madison Square Garden The Garden ), The Theater at Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall, the Beacon Theatre, and The Chicago Theatre. The Company also owns and produces the original production, the Christmas Spectacular Starring the Radio City Rockettes (the Christmas Spectacular ). The Company also has an entertainment and sports bookings business, which showcases a broad array of compelling concerts, family shows and special events, as well as a diverse mix of sporting events, for millions of guests annually. 
 MSG Entertainment Distribution 
 On April 20, 2023, Sphere Entertainment Co. (together with its subsidiaries, as applicable, Sphere Entertainment distributed approximately of the outstanding common stock of the Company to its stockholders (the Distribution ), with Sphere Entertainment retaining approximately of the outstanding common stock of the Company in the form of Class A common stock, par value per share Class A Common Stock immediately following the Distribution. As a result, the Company became an independent publicly traded company on April 21, 2023. Following the completion of the secondary offering by Sphere Entertainment of the Company s Class A Common Stock on September 22, 2023, Sphere Entertainment no longer owns any of the Company s outstanding common stock. See Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation to the Company s audited consolidated and combined financial statements and notes thereto as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 and for the three years ended June 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (the Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 16, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K for more information regarding the Distribution. 

7 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Note 2. 
 
 B. 
 C. Revenue Recognition and Direct Operating Expenses 
 The following reflects an update to the Company s comprehensive revenue recognition and direct operating expense accounting policies to align with the disaggregation of revenue and direct operating expenses as presented on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

8 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

9 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 D. 
 
 Note 3. 

10 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Sponsorship, signage, and suite licenses (b) 
 Other (c) 
 Total revenues from contracts with customers 
 Arena license fees and other leasing revenue Total revenues 
 _________________ 
 (a) Event-related offerings revenues are recognized at a point in time. 
 (b) See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4. Revenue Recognition, included in the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements for further details on the pattern of recognition of sponsorship, signage, and suite license revenues. 
 (c) Primarily consists of (i) revenues from sponsorship sales and representation agreements and (ii) venue tours. 
 In addition to the disaggregation of the Company s revenue as disclosed above, the following table disaggregates the Company s revenues by revenue category , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Ticketing and venue license fee revenues (a) 
 Sponsorship and signage, suite, and advertising commission revenues 
 Food, beverage, and merchandise revenues 
 Other Total revenues from contracts with customers 
 Arena license fees and other leasing revenue Total revenues 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) Amounts include ticket sales, including other ticket-related revenue, and venue license fees from the Company s events such as (i) concerts, (ii) the presentation of the Christmas Spectacular and (iii) other live entertainment and sporting events. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets, current (b) 
 Deferred revenue, including non-current portion (c) 
 ________________ 
 (a) Receivables from contracts with customers, net, which are reported in Accounts receivable, net and Related party receivables, current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets, represent the Company s unconditional rights to consideration under its contracts with customers. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company s receivables from contracts with customers above included and , respectively, related to various related parties. See Note 12. Related Party Transactions for further details on related party arrangements. 
 (b) Contract assets, current, which are reported as Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets, primarily relate to the Company s rights to consideration for goods or services transferred to customers, for which the Company does not have an unconditional right to bill as of the reporting date. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable once the Company s right to consideration becomes unconditional. 
 (c) Deferred revenue primarily relates to the Company s receipt of consideration from customers in advance of the Company s transfer of goods or services to the customers. Deferred revenue is reduced and the related revenue is recognized once the underlying goods or services are transferred to a customer. Revenue 

11 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 . 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s remaining performance obligations under contracts were approximately , of which is expected to be recognized over the next and an additional of the balance is expected to be recognized thereafter. This primarily relates to performance obligations under sponsorship and suite license agreements that have original expected durations longer than one year and for which the consideration is not variable. 
 
 Note 4. 
 related to adjustments for previously accrued termination benefits for certain corporate executives and employees. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded restructuring charges of , inclusive of of share-based compensation expenses, shown in accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities and additional paid-in-capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Restructuring credits 
 ) Payments 
 ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 5. 
 Other equity investments with readily determinable fair values held in trust under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan Equity method investments and equity investments without readily determinable fair values (a) 
 Total investments 
 _______________ 
 (a) Inclusive of the Company s investment in Oak View Group s Crown Properties Collection, LLC ("CPC"). 

12 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) ) Unrealized gain (loss) Executive Deferred Compensation Plan ) Realized gain from shares sold DraftKings 
 Realized gain from shares sold Townsquare 
 Total realized and unrealized gain (loss) 
 ) Supplemental information on realized gain: Shares of common stock sold DraftKings Cash proceeds from common stock sold DraftKings Shares of common stock sold Townsquare 
 Cash proceeds from common stock sold Townsquare 

Note 6. 
 Buildings Equipment, furniture, and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Construction in progress 
 Total Property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense on property and equipment of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is recognized in Depreciation and amortization in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Note 7. 
 . 
 Photographic related rights Total indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 During the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2025, the Company performed its annual qualitative impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that there were impairments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles identified as of the impairment test date. 
 
 13 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Note 8. 
 (primarily related to contractual obligations). 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any material changes in its non-cancelable contractual obligations (other than activities in the ordinary course of business). See Note 9. Credit Facilities for details of the principal repayments required under the Company s credit facilities. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility 
 On April 20, 2023, a subsidiary of the Company, MSG Entertainment Holdings, LLC MSG Entertainment Holdings ), entered into a delayed draw term loan facility (the DDTL Facility with Sphere Entertainment. Pursuant to the DDTL Facility, MSG Entertainment Holdings committed to lend up to in delayed draw term loans to Sphere Entertainment on an unsecured basis until October 20, 2024. See Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies to the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements for more information regarding the DDTL Facility. On July 14, 2023, Sphere Entertainment drew down the full amount of under the DDTL Facility. On August 9, 2023, Sphere Entertainment repaid the full principal amount of the DDTL Facility and accrued interest and commitment fees by delivering shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock held by Sphere Entertainment, as permitted as payment under the DDTL Facility. Such shares have been classified by the Company pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program (as defined and further explained in Note 13. Additional Financial Information as treasury shares and are no longer outstanding on the date of repayment. 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits. Although the outcome of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty (including the extent of available insurance, if any), management does not believe that resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Note 9. 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 As of 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Principal Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs Net Principal Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs Net Non-current Portion National Properties Term Loan Facility 
 ) ) National Properties Revolving Credit Facility 
 ) ) ) Long-term debt, net of deferred financing costs 
 ) ) 
 
 14 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 , senior secured term loan facility (the National Properties Term Loan Facility and a , revolving credit facility (the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the National Properties Term Loan Facility, the National Properties Facilities ). Up to of the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, outstanding letters of credit were and the remaining balance available under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility was . 
 Interest Rates. Borrowings under the current National Properties Facilities bear interest at a floating rate, which at the option of MSG National Properties may be either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum, determined based on the total leverage ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries, or (b) adjusted Term SOFR (i.e., Term SOFR plus plus an applicable margin ranging from to per annum, determined based on the total leverage ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries. The National Properties Credit Agreement requires MSG National Properties to pay a commitment fee ranging from to in respect of the daily unused commitments under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. MSG National Properties is also required to pay customary letter of credit fees, as well as fronting fees, to banks that issue letters of credit pursuant to the National Properties Credit Agreement. The interest rate on the National Properties Facilities as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 Principal Repayments . Subject to customary notice and minimum amount conditions, the Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the National Properties Facilities or terminate commitments under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility, at any time, in whole or in part, subject only to customary breakage costs in the case of prepayment of Term SOFR loans. The National Properties Facilities will mature on June 30, 2027. The principal obligations under the National Properties Term Loan Facility are to be repaid in quarterly installments beginning with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023, in an aggregate amount equal to per annum per quarter), stepping up to per annum per quarter) in the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025, with the balance due at the maturity of the facility. The principal obligations under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility are due at the maturity of the facil ity. Under certain circumstances, MSG National Properties is required to make mandatory prepayments on loans outstanding, including prepayments in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds of certain sales of assets or casualty insurance and/or condemnation recoveries (subject to certain reinvestment, repair or replacement rights), subject to certain exceptions. 
 Covenants. The National Properties Credit Agreement includes financial covenants requiring MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries to maintain a specified minimum liquidity level, a specified minimum debt service coverage ratio and specified maximum total leverage ratio. The minimum liquidity level is set at , and is tested based on the level of average daily liquidity, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and available revolving commitments, over the last month of each quarter over the life of the National Properties Facilities. The debt service coverage ratio covenant began testing in the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, and was set at a ratio of :1 before stepping up to :1 in the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. The leverage ratio covenant began testing in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. It is tested based on the ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted operating income, with an initial maximum ratio of :1, which stepped down to :1 in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 and steps down to :1 in the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries were in compliance with the covenants of the National Properties Credit Agreement. 
 In addition to the financial covenants discussed above, the National Properties Credit Agreement and the related security agreement contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The National Properties Credit Agreement contains certain restrictions on the ability of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries to take certain actions as provided in (and subject to various exceptions and baskets set forth in) the National Properties Credit Agreement, including the following: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) create liens on certain assets; (iii) make investments, loans or advances in or to other persons; (iv) pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock (which will restrict the ability of MSG National Properties to make cash distributions to the Company); (v) repay, redeem or repurchase certain indebtedness; (vi) change its lines of business; (vii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (viii) amend their respective organizational documents; (ix) merge or consolidate; and (x) make certain dispositions. 
 Guarantors and Collateral. All obligations under the National Properties Facilities are guaranteed by MSG Entertainment Holdings and MSG National Properties existing and future direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries, other than the subsidiaries that own The Garden and certain other excluded subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors ). 

15 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The carrying value and fair value of the Company s debt reported in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 
 As of 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Carrying 
 Value (a) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Carrying 
 Value (a) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 National Properties Facilities 
 ________________ 
 (a) The total carrying value of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 is equal to the current and non-current principal payments for the Company s credit agreements excluding unamortized deferred financing costs of and , respectively. 
 The Company s long-term debt is classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy as it is valued using quoted indices of similar instruments for which the inputs are readily observable. 
 
 Note 10. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic cost 
 
 Contributions for Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed to a non-contributory, qualified cash balance retirement plan covering the Company s non-union employees. 

16 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Union Savings Plan 
 Executive Deferred Compensation 
 See Note 13. Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, included in the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements, for more information regarding the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ). The Company recorded compensation expense of for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a compensation cost credit of for the three months ended September 30, 2023, within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to reflect the remeasurement of the Deferred Compensation Plan liability. In addition, the Company recorded a gain of for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a loss of for the three months ended September 30, 2023, within Other expense, net to reflect remeasurement of the fair value of assets under the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan liabilities (included in Other non-current liabilities) 
 ) ) 

Note 11. 
 share-based compensation plans: the 2023 Employee Stock Plan and the 2023 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors. See Note 14. Share Based Compensation, included in the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements, for more information on these plans. 
 Share-based compensation expense for the Company s restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs are recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as a component of direct operating expenses or selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 Fair value of awards vested (b) 
 ________________ 
 (a) The expense shown excludes for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was reclassified to Restructuring charges in the condensed consolidated statements of operations a s detailed in Note 4. Restructuring Credits (Charges). 
 (b) To fulfill required statutory tax withholding obligations for the applicable income and other employment taxes, RSUs and PSUs with an aggregate value of and were retained by the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 all RSUs and stock options were excluded from the anti-dilutive calculation because the Company reported a net loss for the period and, therefore, their impact on reported loss per share would have been antidilutive. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and PSUs held by the Company s direct employees. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Award Activity 
 RSUs 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , and RSUs were granted and and RSUs vested, 

17 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 and PSUs were granted and and PSUs vested, respectively. 
 
 Note 12. 
 of the Company s outstanding Class B Common Stock, par value per share Class B Common Stock and approximately of the Company s outstanding Class A Common Stock (inclusive of options exercisable within days of September 30, 2024) . Such shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, collectively, represent approximately of the aggregate voting power of the Company s outstanding common stock. Members of the Dolan Family Group are also the controlling stockholders of Sphere Entertainment, MSG Sports, and AMC Networks Inc. 
 See Note 17. Related Party Transactions, included in the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements for a description of the Company s current related party arrangements. There have been no material changes in such related party arrangements except as described below. 
 In the third quarter of Fiscal Year 2024, the Company entered into a commercial agreement with CPC, under which CPC provides sponsorship sales services. The Company recorded commission expense of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, prepaid expenses associated with this arrangement were and , respectively, and are reported under Prepaid expenses and other current assets, and Other non-current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company provided a notice of termination with respect to the commercial agreement on September 20, 2024 and is currently negotiating the related wind down. 
 From time to time the Company enters into arrangements with 605, LLC 605 ). James L. Dolan, the Company s Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a director, and his spouse, Kristin A. Dolan, owned 605 until September 13, 2023. Kristin A. Dolan is also the founder and was the Chief Executive Officer of 605. 605 provides audience measurement and data analytics services to the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. In August 2022, a subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment entered into a agreement with 605, valued at , covering several customer analysis projects per year in connection with events held at our venues, which was assigned to the Company in connection with the Distribution. Pursuant to this arrangement, the Company recognized of expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. On September 13, 2023, 605 was sold to iSpot.tv, and James L. Dolan and Kristin A. Dolan now hold a minority interest in iSpot.tv. As a result, as of September 13, 2023, 605 is no longer considered to be a related party. 
 Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses (credits): Revenue sharing expenses Reimbursement under Arena License Arrangements ) ) Cost reimbursement from MSG Sports ) ) Cost reimbursement from Sphere Entertainment 
 ) ) Other operating (credits) expenses, net 
 ) Total operating expenses (credits), net (a) 
 ) ) _________________ 
 (a) Of the total operating expenses (credits), net, and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, are included in direct operating expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations, and ) and ) for the three months ended September 30, 

18 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Revenues 
 The Company recorded of revenues under the Arena License Agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 . In addition to the Arena License Agreements, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s revenues from related parties primarily reflected sponsorship sales and service representation agreements of , and merchandise sharing revenues of , with MSG Sports. The Company also earned sublease revenue from related parties of during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 The Company recorded of revenues under the Arena License Agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded revenues under sponsorship sales and service representation agreements of , and merchandise sharing revenues of , with MSG Sports. The Company also earned sublease revenue from related parties of during the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Note 13. 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 The Company s cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash are classified within Level I of the fair value hierarchy as it is valued using observable inputs that reflect quoted prices for identical assets in active markets. The Company s restricted cash includes cash deposited in escrow accounts. The Company has deposited cash in an interest-bearing escrow account related to credit support, debt facilities, and collateral to workers compensation and general liability insurance obligations. 
 Other prepaid expenses 
 Current contract assets Inventory (a) 
 Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets _________________ 
 (a) Inventory is mostly comprised of food and liquor for the venues. 
 Investments (b) 
 Deferred costs Other Total other non-current assets _________________ 
 (a) Unbilled lease receivable relates to the amounts recorded under the Arena License Agreement. 
 (b) See Note 5. Investments for more information on long-term investments. 

19 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Accrued payroll and employee related liabilities Cash due to promoters Accrued expenses Total accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities 
 Gains from shares sold - TSQ 
 Net unrealized loss on equity investments with readily determinable fair value 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total other expense, net 
 ) ) 
 Income Taxes 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company made income tax payments of and , respectively. Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of , reflects an effective tax rate of . The estimated annual effective tax rate exceeds the statutory federal tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes and excess tax deficiencies related to share-based compensation. The Company expects to utilize its net operating losses during Fiscal Year 2025 and as such will become a federal taxpayer by the end of Fiscal Year 2025. 
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of , reflects an effective tax rate of . The estimated annual effective tax rate is lower than the statutory federal tax rate of 21 primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance, partially offset by state taxes. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On March 29, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Stock Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program, shares of Class A Common Stock may be purchased from time to time in open market or private transactions, block trades or such other manner as the Company may determine in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The timing and amount of purchases will depend on market conditions and other factors. The Company did repurchase any shares of Class A Common Stock under the plan in the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately remaining available for repurchases. 
 
 Note 14. 
 of outstanding principal under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. On November 7, 2024 the Company paid down the remaining outstanding principal balance of under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this MD A, there are statements concerning the future operating and future financial performance of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. MSG Entertainment and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, our, MSG Entertainment, or the Company ). Words such as expects, anticipates, believes, estimates, may, will, should, could, potential, continue, intends, plans, and similar words and terms used in the discussion of future operating and future financial performance identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events and involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results or developments may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Factors that may cause such differences to occur include, but are not limited to: 
 the level of our expenses, including our corporate expenses; 
 the level of our revenues, which depends in part on the popularity of the Christmas Spectacular Starring the Radio City Rockettes the Christmas Spectacular , the professional sports teams whose games are played at Madison Square Garden The Garden and other events which are presented in our venues, and our ability to attract such events; 
 the on-ice and on-court performance of the professional sports teams whose games we host in our venues; 
 the level of our capital expenditures and other investments; 
 general economic conditions, especially in the New York City and Chicago metropolitan areas where we have business activities; 
 the demand for sponsorship and suite arrangements; 
 competition, for example, from other venues and sports and entertainment options, including of new competing venues; 
 the effect of any postponements or cancellations by third-parties or the Company of scheduled events, whether as a result of a pandemic or other public health emergency due to operational challenges and other health and safety concerns or otherwise; 
 the extent to which attendance at our venues may be impacted by government actions, renewed health concerns by potential attendees and reduced tourism; 
 the impact on the payments we receive under the arena license agreements (the Arena License Agreements that require the New York Knicks (the Knicks of the National Basketball Association (the NBA and the New York Rangers (the Rangers of the National Hockey League (the NHL to play their home games at The Garden as a result of government-mandated capacity restrictions, league restrictions and/or social-distancing or vaccination requirements, if any, at Knicks and Rangers games; 
 changes in laws, guidelines, bulletins, directives, policies and agreements, and regulations under which we operate; 
 any economic, social or political actions, such as boycotts, protests, work stoppages or campaigns by labor organizations, including the unions representing players and officials of the NBA and NHL, or other work stoppage; 
 seasonal fluctuations and other variations in our operating results and cash flow from period to period; 
 enhancements or changes to existing productions and the investments associated with such enhancements or changes; 
 business, reputational and litigation risk if there is a cyber or other security incident resulting in loss, disclosure or misappropriation of stored personal information, or disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of our information security; 
 our ability to effectively manage any impacts of a pandemic or other public health emergency (including COVID-19 variants) as well as renewed actions taken in response by governmental authorities or certain professional sports leagues, including ensuring compliance with rules and regulations imposed upon our venues, to the extent applicable; 
 activities or other developments (such as a pandemic or other public health emergency) that discourage or may discourage congregation at prominent places of public assembly, including our venues; 
 21 

the acquisition or disposition of assets or businesses and/or the impact of, and our ability to successfully pursue, acquisitions or other strategic transactions; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, new venues or new businesses into our operations; 
 our internal control environment and our ability to identify and remedy any future material weaknesses; 
 the costs associated with, and the outcome of, litigation, including any negative publicity, and other proceedings to the extent uninsured, including litigation or other claims against companies we invest in or acquire; 
 the impact of governmental regulations or laws, changes in how those regulations and laws are interpreted, as well as the continued benefit of certain tax exemptions and the ability to maintain necessary permits or licenses; 
 the impact of any government plans to redesign New York City s Penn Station; 
 the impact of sports league rules, regulations and/or agreements and changes thereto; 
 the substantial amount of debt incurred, the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments on, or repay or refinance, such debt under the National Properties Credit Agreement and our ability to obtain additional financing, to the extent required; 
 financial community perceptions of our business, operations, financial condition and the industries in which we operate; 
 the performance by Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, as applicable, MSG Sports of its obligations under various agreements with the Company and ongoing commercial arrangements, including the Arena License Agreements; 
 the tax-free treatment of the Distribution (as defined below); 
 our ability to achieve the intended benefits of the Distribution; 
 failure of the Company or Sphere Entertainment Co. (together with its subsidiaries, as applicable, Sphere Entertainment to satisfy its obligations under transition services agreements, or other agreements entered into in connection with the Distribution; and 
 the additional factors described under Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 16, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K ). 
 We disclaim any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements contained herein, except as otherwise required by applicable federal securities laws. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 All dollar amounts included in the following MD A are presented in thousands, except as otherwise noted. 
 Introduction 
 This MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s unaudited financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the Company s audited consolidated and combined financial statements and notes thereto as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 and for the three years ended June 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (the Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements included in the 2024 Form 10-K, to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations . 
 The Company reports on a fiscal year basis ending on June 30th Fiscal Year ). In this MD A, the years ending and ended on June 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are referred to as Fiscal Year 2025, Fiscal Year 2024 and Fiscal Year 2023, respectively. 
 Our MD A is organized as follows: 
 Business Overview. This section provides a general description of our business, as well as other matters that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition and in anticipating future trends. 
 22 

Results of Operations. This section provides an analysis of our unaudited results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and liquidity, an analysis of our cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as well as certain contractual obligations. 
 Seasonality of Our Business. This section discusses the seasonal performance of our business. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Critical Accounting Estimates. This section discusses accounting pronouncements that have been adopted by the Company and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted by the Company. This section should be read together with our critical accounting estimates, which are discussed in the 2024 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Critical Accounting Estimates Critical Accounting Estimates and in the notes to the Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements of the Company included therein. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a live entertainment company comprised of iconic venues and marquee entertainment content. Utilizing the Company s powerful brands and live entertainment expertise, the Company delivers unique experiences that set the standard for excellence and innovation while forging deep connections with diverse and passionate audiences. 
 We manage our business through one reportable segment. The Company s portfolio of venues includes: The Garden, The Theater at Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall, the Beacon Theatre, and The Chicago Theatre. The Company s business also includes the original production, the Christmas Spectacular. The Company also has an entertainment and sports bookings business, which showcases a broad array of compelling concerts, family shows and special events, as well as a diverse mix of sporting events, for millions of guests annually. 
 The Company conducts a significant portion of its operations at venues that it either owns or operates under long-term leases. The Company owns The Garden, The Theater at Madison Square Garden, and The Chicago Theatre, and leases Radio City Music Hall and the Beacon Theatre. 
 All of the Company s revenues and assets are attributed to or located in the United States and are primarily concentrated in the New York City metropolitan area. 
 MSG Entertainment Distribution 
 On April 20, 2023, Sphere Entertainment distributed approximately 67 of the outstanding common stock of the Company to its stockholders (the Distribution ), with Sphere Entertainment retaining approximately 33 of the outstanding common stock of MSG Entertainment in the form of Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share Class A Common Stock ), immediately following the Distribution (the Retained Interest ). As a result, the Company became an independent publicly traded company on April 21, 2023. Following the completion of the secondary offering by Sphere Entertainment of the Company s Class A Common Stock on September 22, 2023, Sphere Entertainment no longer owns any of the Company s outstanding common stock. See Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation to the Company s Audited Consolidated and Combined Annual Financial Statements for more information regarding the Distribution. 
 Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
 Our operating results are largely dependent on our ability to attract concerts and other events to our venues, revenues under various agreements entered into with MSG Sports, and the continuing popularity of the Christmas Spectacular . Certain of these factors in turn depend on the popularity and/or performance of the professional sports teams whose games we host at The Garden. 
 Our Company s future performance is dependent in part on general economic conditions and the effect of these conditions on our customers. Weak economic conditions may lead to lower demand for suite licenses and tickets to our live productions, concerts, family shows and other events, which would also negatively affect concession and merchandise sales, and lower levels of sponsorship and venue signage. These conditions may also affect the number of concerts, family shows and other events that take place in the future. An economic downturn could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 23 

Results of Operations 
 Total revenue is presented in three categories consisting of (i) Revenues from entertainment offerings, (ii) Food, beverage, and merchandise revenues, and (iii) Arena license fees and other leasing revenues. In addition, total direct operating expenses is presented in two categories consisting of (i) Entertainment offerings and leasing direct operating expenses and (ii) food, beverage, and merchandise direct operating expenses. Prior period financial information has been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage Revenues Revenues from entertainment offerings 
 115,081 116,505 (1,424) (1) Food, beverage, and merchandise revenues 18,975 23,261 (4,286) (18) Arena license fees and other leasing revenue 
 4,658 2,446 2,212 90 Total revenues 138,714 142,212 (3,498) (2) Direct operating expenses Entertainment offerings, arena license fees, and other leasing direct operating expenses 
 (86,466) (90,559) 4,093 5 Food, beverage, and merchandise direct operating expenses 
 (11,243) (11,118) (125) (1) Total direct operating expenses 
 (97,709) (101,677) 3,968 4 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 (45,746) (48,822) 3,076 6 Depreciation and amortization (13,781) (13,585) (196) (1) Restructuring credits (charges) 40 (11,553) 11,593 100 Operating loss 
 (18,482) (33,425) 14,943 45 Interest income 372 851 (479) (56) Interest expense (14,043) (14,287) 244 2 Other expense, net 
 (769) (4,469) 3,700 83 Loss from operations before income taxes 
 (32,922) (51,330) 18,408 36 Income tax benefit 13,601 659 12,942 NM Net loss attributable to MSG Entertainment s stockholders 
 (19,321) (50,671) 31,350 62 
 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 NM Absolute percentages greater than 200 and comparisons from positive to negative values or to zero values are considered not meaningful. 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3,498 as compared to the prior year period. 
 Revenues from Entertainment Offerings 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 the decrease in Revenues from entertainment offerings was primarily due to lower event-related revenues of 1,534. 
 The decrease in event-related revenues reflects (i) lower revenues from concerts of 990, which reflects lower per-concert revenues due to a shift in the mix of the events at The Garden from promoted events to rentals and a decrease in the number of events at the Company s theaters, partially offset by an increase in the number of concerts at The Garden, and (ii) lower revenues from other live entertainment and sporting events (excluding the Knicks and Rangers) of 543. 
 Food, Beverage, and Merchandise Revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in food, beverage and merchandise revenues was primarily due to lower food and beverage sales at concerts at the Company s venues, as compared to the prior year period, which was primarily due to lower 
 24 

per-concert food and beverage revenues and, to a lesser extent, the decrease in the number of events at the Company s theaters, partially offset by the increase in the number of events at the Garden. 
 Arena License Fees and Other Leasing Revenue 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in revenues was due to other leasing revenue. 
 Direct operating expenses 
 Direct operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3,968 as compared to the prior year period. 
 Direct Operating Expenses Associated with Entertainment Offerings, Arena License Fees and Other Leasing 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in direct operating expenses associated with entertainment offerings, arena license fees, and other leasing primarily reflects lower event-related expenses of 3,488. 
 The decrease in event-related expenses reflects (i) lower direct operating expenses from concerts of 3,103, primarily due to lower per-concert expenses due to a shift in the mix of events at The Garden from promoted events to rentals, partially offset by an increase in the number of events at The Garden, and (ii) lower direct operating expenses from other live entertainment and sporting events (excluding the Knicks and Rangers) of 385. 
 Direct Operating Expenses Associated with Food, Beverage, and Merchandise 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in food, beverage and merchandise direct operating expenses was primarily driven by an increase in food and beverage costs related to concerts held at the Company s venues partially offset by a decrease in food and beverage costs related to other live entertainment and sporting events held at the Company s venues. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased 3,076, as compared to the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to (i) lower professional fees, mainly due to the absence of non-recurring costs incurred and paid by the Company in the prior year period for the sale of the Retained Interest by Sphere Entertainment; (ii) a decrease in employee compensation and benefits; and (iii) lower other costs, partially offset by higher rent expense. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization increased 196, as compared to the prior year period primarily due to the increase in fixed assets in the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2025. 
 Restructuring credits (charges) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring charges decreased 11,593, as compared to the prior year period, which reflects termination benefits provided in the prior year period due to a workforce reduction of certain executives and employees. 
 Operating loss 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating loss improved by 14,943. The improvement in operating loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to lower restructuring charges and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in direct operating expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a decrease in revenues, as compared to the prior year period. 
 Interest income 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income decreased 479, as compared to the prior year period primarily due to lower average balances and lower interest rates in the Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. 
 Interest expense 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense decreased 244, as compared to the prior year period primarily due to lower average borrowings and lower interest rates under the National Properties Facilities (as defined below under Liquidity and Capital Resources). 
 25 

Other expense, net 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other expense, net was 769 as compared to 4,469 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 3,700. The change was primarily due to (i) a change in unrealized gains to an unrealized loss of 5,348, net, associated with the investment in Townsquare Media, Inc., offset by (ii) the absence of a 1,548 gain associated with the investment in DraftKings Inc. recognized in the prior year period, and (iii) higher net periodic benefit costs of 207 associated with the Company s funded and unfunded and qualified and non-qualified defined benefit plans. 
 Income tax benefit 
 In general, the Company is required to use an estimated annual effective tax rate to measure the tax benefit or tax expense recognized in an interim period. Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 13,601, reflects an effective tax rate of 41 . The estimated annual effective tax rate exceeds the statutory federal tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes and excess tax deficiencies related to share-based compensation. The Company expects to utilize its net operating losses during Fiscal Year 2025 and as such will become a federal taxpayer by the end of Fiscal Year 2025. 
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 659, reflects an effective tax rate of 1 . The estimated annual effective tax rate is lower than the statutory federal tax rate of 21 primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance, partially offset by state taxes. 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) AOI 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal Year 2024, the Company amended the definition of adjusted operating income so that the non-cash portion of operating lease revenue related to the Company s Arena License Agreements with MSG Sports is no longer excluded in all periods presented. 
 The Company evaluates its performance based on several factors, of which the key financial measure is adjusted operating income (loss), a non-GAAP financial measure. We define adjusted operating income (loss) as operating income (loss) excluding: 
 (i) depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets, 
 (ii) share-based compensation expense, 
 (iii) restructuring charges or credits, 
 (iv) merger, spin-off, and acquisition-related costs, including merger-related litigation expenses, 
 (v) gains or losses on sales or dispositions of businesses and associated settlements, 
 (vi) the impact of purchase accounting adjustments related to business acquisitions, 
 (vii) amortization for capitalized cloud computing arrangement costs and, 
 (viii) gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the executive deferred compensation plan. 
 The Company believes that the exclusion of share-based compensation expense or benefit allows investors to better track the performance of the Company s business without regard to the settlement of an obligation that is not expected to be made in cash. The Company eliminates merger, spin-off, and acquisition-related costs, when applicable, because the Company does not consider such costs to be indicative of the ongoing operating performance of the Company as they result from an event that is of a non-recurring nature, thereby enhancing comparability. In addition, management believes that the exclusion of gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the executive deferred compensation plan, provides investors with a clearer picture of the Company s operating performance given that, in accordance with GAAP, gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the executive deferred compensation plan are recognized in Operating (income) loss whereas gains and losses related to the remeasurement of the assets under the executive deferred compensation plan, which are equal to and therefore fully offset the gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities, are recognized in Other income (expense), net, which is not reflected in Operating income (loss). 
 The Company believes AOI is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of the Company on a consolidated basis. AOI and similar measures with similar titles are common performance measures used by investors and analysts to analyze the Company s performance. The Company uses revenues and AOI measures as the most important indicators of its business performance and evaluates management s effectiveness with specific reference to these indicators. 
 26 

AOI should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), cash flows from operating activities, and other measures of performance and/or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Since AOI is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures with similar titles used by other companies. The Company has presented the components that reconcile operating income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to AOI. 
 The following is a reconciliation of operating loss to adjusted operating income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year periods: Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage Operating loss (18,482) (33,425) 14,943 45 Share-based compensation (excluding share-based compensation included in restructuring charges) 
 6,262 6,177 85 1 Depreciation and amortization 13,781 13,585 196 1 Restructuring (credits) charges 
 (40) 11,553 (11,593) (100) Merger, spin-off , and acquisition-related costs (a) 
 2,035 (2,035) NM Amortization for capitalized cloud computing arrangement costs 168 168 NM Remeasurement of deferred compensation plan liabilities 220 (145) 365 NM Adjusted operating income (loss) (b) 
 1,909 (220) 2,129 NM 
 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (a) This adjustment represents non-recurring costs incurred and paid by the Company for the sale of the Retained Interest by Sphere Entertainment. 
 (b) During the third quarter of Fiscal Year 2024, the Company amended the definition of adjusted operating income (loss) so that the non-cash portion of operating lease revenue related to the Company s Arena License Agreements with MSG Sports is no longer excluded in all periods presented. Pursuant to GAAP, recognition of operating lease revenue is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement based upon the value of total future payments under the arrangement. As a result, operating lease revenue is comprised of a contractual cash component plus or minus a non-cash component for each period presented. Adjusted operating income (loss) includes operating lease revenue of (i) 854 and 829 of revenue collected in cash for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (ii) a non-cash portion of 470 and 495 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NM Absolute percentages greater than 200 and comparisons from positive to negative values or to zero values are considered not meaningful . 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from our business operations and available borrowing capacity under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) . Our principal uses of cash include working capital-related items (including funding our operations), capital spending, debt service, investments and related loans and advances that we may fund from time to time. We may also use cash to continue to repurchase shares of our Class Common A Stock pursuant to the share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on March 29, 2023, of which there was approximately 110,000 remaining as of September 30, 2024. Our decisions as to the use of our available liquidity will be based upon the ongoing review of the funding needs of the business, the optimal allocation of cash resources, and the timing of cash flow generation. To the extent that we desire to access alternative sources of funding through the capital and credit markets, challenging U.S. and global economic and market conditions could adversely impact our ability to do so at that time. 
 We regularly monitor and assess our ability to meet our net funding and investing requirements. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s unrestricted cash and cash equivalents balance was 37,307. The principal balance of the Company s total debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was 676,563 and the Company had 76,174 of available borrowing capacity under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents, available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and cash flows from operations to fund our operations and satisfy any obligations for the foreseeable future. 
 Financing Agreements 
 See Note 9. Credit Facilities, to the financial statements included in Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussions of the Company s debt obligations and financing agreements. 
 27 

National Properties Facilities 
 General. MSG National Properties, LLC MSG National Properties ), MSG Entertainment Holdings, LLC MSG Entertainment Holdings and certain subsidiaries of MSG National Properties are party to a credit agreement dated June 30, 2022 (as amended, the National Properties Credit Agreement with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders and L/C issuers party thereto, providing for a five-year, 650,000 senior secured term loan facility (the National Properties Term Loan Facility and a five-year, 150,000 revolving credit facility (the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the National Properties Term Loan Facility, the National Properties Facilities ). Up to 25,000 of the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, outstanding letters of credit were 18,826 and the remaining balance available under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility was 76,174 . 
 Interest Rates. Borrowings under the current National Properties Facilities bear interest at a floating rate, which at the option of MSG National Properties may be either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50 to 2.50 per annum, determined based on the total leverage ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries, or (b) adjusted Term SOFR (i.e., Term SOFR plus 0.10 plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.50 to 3.50 per annum, determined based on the total leverage ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries. The National Properties Credit Agreement requires MSG National Properties to pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.30 to 0.50 in respect of the daily unused commitments under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. MSG National Properties is also required to pay customary letter of credit fees, as well as fronting fees, to banks that issue letters of credit pursuant to the National Properties Credit Agreement. The interest rate on the National Properties Facilities as of September 30, 2024 was 7.45 . 
 Principal Repayments. Subject to customary notice and minimum amount conditions, the Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the National Properties Facilities or terminate commitments under the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility, at any time, in whole or in part, subject only to customary breakage costs in the case of prepayment of Term SOFR loans. The National Properties Facilities will mature on June 30, 2027. The principal obligations under the National Properties Term Loan Facility are to be repaid in quarterly installments beginning with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023, in an aggregate amount equal to 2.50 per annum (0.625 per quarter), stepping up to 5.0 per annum (1.25 per quarter) in the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025, with the balance due at the maturity of the facility. Under certain circumstances, MSG National Properties is required to make mandatory prepayments on loans outstanding, including prepayments in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds of certain sales of assets or casualty insurance and/or condemnation recoveries (subject to certain reinvestment, repair or replacement rights), subject to certain exceptions. 
 Covenants. The National Properties Credit Agreement includes financial covenants requiring MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries to maintain a specified minimum liquidity level, a specified minimum debt service coverage ratio and specified maximum total leverage ratio. The minimum liquidity level is set at 50,000, and is tested based on the level of average daily liquidity, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and available revolving commitments, over the last month of each quarter over the life of the National Properties Facilities. The debt service coverage ratio covenant began testing in the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, and was set at a ratio of 2:1 before stepping up to 2.5:1 in the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. The leverage ratio covenant began testing in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. It is tested based on the ratio of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted operating income, with an initial maximum ratio of 6:1, which stepped down to 5.5:1 in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 and steps down to 4.5:1 in the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries were in compliance with the covenants of the National Properties Credit Agreement. 
 In addition to the financial covenants discussed above, the National Properties Credit Agreement and the related security agreement contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The National Properties Credit Agreement contains certain restrictions on the ability of MSG National Properties and its restricted subsidiaries to take certain actions as provided in (and subject to various exceptions and baskets set forth in) the National Properties Credit Agreement, including the following: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) create liens on certain assets; (iii) make investments, loans or advances in or to other persons; (iv) pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock (which will restrict the ability of MSG National Properties to make cash distributions to the Company); (v) repay, redeem or repurchase certain indebtedness; (vi) change its lines of business; (vii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (viii) amend their respective organizational documents; (ix) merge or consolidate; and (x) make certain dispositions. 
 Guarantors and Collateral. All obligations under the National Properties Facilities are guaranteed by MSG Entertainment Holdings and MSG National Properties existing and future direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries, other than the subsidiaries that own The Garden and certain other excluded subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors ). All obligations under the National Properties Facilities, including the guarantees of those obligations, are secured by certain of the assets of MSG National Properties and the Subsidiary Guarantors (collectively, Collateral including, but not limited to, a pledge of some or all of the equity interests held directly or 
 28 

indirectly by MSG National Properties in each Subsidiary Guarantor. The Collateral does not include, among other things, any interests in The Garden or the leasehold interests in Radio City Music Hall and the Beacon Theatre. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any material changes in its non-cancelable contractual obligations other than the recognition of an additional lease obligation and right-of-use lease asset and activities in the ordinary course of business. See Note 6. Property and Equipment, Net and Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies, to the financial statements included in Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details on the Company s contractual obligations. 
 
 Cash Flow Discussion 
 As of September 30, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled 37,613, as compared to 33,555 as of June 30, 2024. The following table summarizes the Company s cash flow activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (27,359) 1,378 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (6,690) (55,490) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 38,107 9,273 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 4,058 (44,839) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows from operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 28,737 as compared to the prior year period, primarily due to (i) an increase in Net income adjusted for non-cash items of 7,695, and (ii) a decrease in cash flows from changes in working capital of 36,432. The decrease in cash flows from changes in working capital were driven by negative net cash outflows from related party receivables and payables as compared to net cash inflows in the prior year period; a larger decrease in accounts payable, accrued and other current and non-current liabilities; and a smaller increase in deferred revenue, in each case as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 48,800 to 6,690 as compared to the prior year period primarily due to (i) the absence of a loan to a related party under the DDTL Facility, partially offset by fewer proceeds received from the sale of investments in the current year period as compared to the prior year period. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 28,834 to 38,107 as compared to the prior year period primarily due to (i) the absence of stock repurchases in the current year period, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds received from the National Properties Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Seasonality of Our Business 
 The revenues the Company earns from the Christmas Spectacular and arena license fees from MSG Sports in connection with the Knicks and Rangers use of The Garden generally means the Company earns a disproportionate share of its revenues and operating income in the second and third quarters of the Company s fiscal year, with the first and fourth fiscal quarters being disproportionately lower. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the financial statements included in Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 29 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates from those set forth in 2024 Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There were no material changes to the disclosures regarding market risks in connection with our pension and postretirement plans. See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, of the 2024 Form 10-K. 
 Potential Interest Rate Risk Exposure 
 The Company, through its subsidiary, MSG National Properties, is subject to potential interest rate risk exposure related to borrowings incurred under its credit facilities. Changes in interest rates may increase interest expense payments with respect to any borrowings incurred under these credit facilities. The effect of a hypothetical 200 basis point increase in floating interest rate prevailing as of September 30, 2024 and continuing for a full year would increase the Company s interest expense on the outstanding amounts under the credit facilities by 13,531. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 30 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits. Although the outcome of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty (including the extent of available insurance, if any), management does not believe that resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On March 29, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 250 million of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Stock Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program, shares of Class A Common Stock may be purchased from time to time in open market or private transactions, block trades or such other manner as the Company may determine in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The timing and amount of purchases will depend on market conditions and other factors. The Company did not repurchase any shares of Class A Common Stock under the plan in the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 110 million remaining available for repurchases. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 (a) Index to Exhibits EXHIBIT 
 NO. 
 DESCRIPTION 
 10.1 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2024, between Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and James L. Dolan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2024). 
 10. 2 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2024, between Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and Layth Taki (incor porated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 
 The following materials from the Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) condensed consolidated balance sheets, (ii) condensed consolidated statements of operations, (iii) condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, (iv) condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, (v) condensed consolidated statements of deficit, and (vi) notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 104 
 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 _________________ 
 This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Furnished herewith. These exhibits shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 8th day of November 2024. 
 Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. By: /s/ MICHAEL J. GRAU 
 Name: Michael J. Grau Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 msgeexhibit311930202410q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, James L. Dolan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s JAMES L. DOLAN James L. Dolan Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 msgeexhibit312930202410q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Michael J. Grau, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s MICHAEL J. GRAU Michael J. Grau Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 msgeexhibit321930202410q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s JAMES L. DOLAN James L. Dolan Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 msgeexhibit322930202410q.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s MICHAEL J. GRAU Michael J. Grau Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 msge-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 msge-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 msge-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 msge-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 msge-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

