<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1451505_0001451505-24-000142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9268487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121097</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1203458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3651836</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1442436</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2579601</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001451505-24-000142.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031162116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001451505-24-000142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transocean Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001451505
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				980599916
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			V8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38373
		FILM NUMBER:		241415539

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TURMSTRASSE 30
		CITY:			STEINHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		41 41 749 0500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TURMSTRASSE 30
		CITY:			STEINHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001451505-24-000142.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 rig-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Mark one) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

 Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered , 0.10 par value Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non - accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 24, 2024, shares were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Page 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss 

 2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6 

 Item 2. 

 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 16 

 Item 3. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 26 

 Item 4. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 26 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 27 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 27 

 Item 2. 

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

 27 

 Item 3. 

 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

 27 

 Item 4. 

 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 28 

 Item 5. 

 Other Information 

 28 

 Item 6. 

 Exhibits 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item I. Financial Statements TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in millions, except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contract drilling revenues Costs and expenses Operating and maintenance Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Loss on impairment of assets ) ) ) ) Loss on disposal of assets, net ) ) ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Interest income Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on retirement of debt ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) ) Loss per share Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 

 See accompanying notes. - 1 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE Income (LOSS) (in millions) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) ) Components of net periodic benefit costs before reclassifications ) ) Components of net periodic benefit costs reclassified to net loss Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income taxes related to other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Total comprehensive loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) ) 

 See accompanying notes. - 2 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions, except share data) (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Materials and supplies, net of allowance of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Assets held for sale Restricted cash and cash equivalents Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Contract intangible assets Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Accounts payable Accrued income taxes Debt due within one year Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities, net Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shares, par value, authorized, conditionally authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and CHF par value, authorized, conditionally authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total controlling interest shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

 See accompanying notes. - 3 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in millions) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Shares Balance, beginning of period Issuance of shares Balance, end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance, beginning of period Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Balance, end of period Accumulated deficit Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Total controlling interest shareholders equity Balance, beginning of period Total comprehensive loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Balance, end of period Noncontrolling interest Balance, beginning of period Balance, end of period Total equity Balance, beginning of period Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Balance, end of period 

 See accompanying notes. - 4 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) (Unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of contract intangible asset Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Loss on impairment of assets Loss on impairment of investment in unconsolidated affiliate Loss on disposal of assets, net Fair value adjustment to bifurcated compound exchange feature ) Amortization of debt-related balances, net (Gain) loss on retirement of debt ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Other, net ) Changes in deferred revenues, net Changes in deferred costs, net ) ) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Investment in loans to unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Investment in equity of unconsolidated affiliate ) Proceeds from disposal of assets, net of costs to sell Cash acquired in acquisition of unconsolidated affiliates Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issue costs Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

 See accompanying notes. - 5 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment floaters. 

 - 6 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 million and a loss of million, respectively, recorded in other, net, associated with equity in earnings or losses of our equity investments. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of million, which had no tax effect, recorded in other, net, associated with the impairment of certain equity investments upon determination that the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value and that the impairment was other than temporary. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate carrying amount of our equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates was million and million, respectively, recorded in other assets. Acquisitions At December 31, 2023, we held a percent noncontrolling interest in Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited (together with its subsidiary, Orion ), the Cayman Islands company that owned the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge , and the aggregate carrying amount of our investment in Orion was million, recorded in other assets. In June 2024, we transferred noncash consideration with an aggregate fair value of million, including million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due February 2027 (the 8.00 Senior Notes and million Transocean Ltd. shares, to acquire the outstanding percent ownership interest in Orion. As a result, Orion became our wholly owned subsidiary. We recorded the transaction using the asset acquisition method of accounting. See Note 6 Long-Lived Assets , Note 7 Debt and Note 11 Equity . At December 31, 2022, we held a percent noncontrolling interest in Liquila Ventures Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Liquila ), the Bermuda company that was constructing the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Aquila . Also, at December 31, 2022, Perestroika (Cyprus) Ltd. Perestroika ), an entity affiliated with one of our directors who, at the time, beneficially owned approximately percent of our shares and currently owns approximately percent of our shares, held a percent ownership interest in Liquila. In September 2023, we issued million Transocean Ltd. shares with an aggregate fair value of million, including million Transocean Ltd. shares with an aggregate fair value of million to Perestroika, to acquire the outstanding percent equity ownership interests in Liquila. As a result, Liquila became our wholly owned subsidiary. We recorded the transaction using the asset acquisition method of accounting. See Note 6 Long-Lived Assets and Note 11 Equity . Contribution In February 2023, we made a cash contribution of million and a non-cash contribution of the ultra-deepwater floater Ocean Rig Olympia , which had been cold stacked, and related assets, with an estimated fair value of million (see Note 6 Long-Lived Assets ), in exchange for a noncontrolling ownership interest in Global Sea Mineral Resources NV (together with its subsidiaries, GSR ), a Belgian company and leading developer of nodule collection technology engaged in the development and exploration of deep-sea polymetallic nodules that contain metals critical to the growing renewable energy market. We estimated the fair value of the rig using projected discounted cash flows, and our estimate required us to use significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including assumptions related to the future performance of the rig, projected demand for its services, rig availability and dayrates. Related party transactions In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received an aggregate cash payment of million and million, respectively, for services and equipment provided to, and prior to our acquisition of, Orion. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we made an aggregate cash payment of million and million, respectively, to charter Transocean Norge and rent other equipment from, and prior to our acquisition of, Orion. Additionally, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we and Orion agreed to the non-cash net settlement of a balance of million of accounts receivable and payable. Brazil Norway Other countries (a) Total contract drilling revenues 

 (a) The aggregate contract drilling revenues earned in other countries that individually represented less than 10 percent of total contract drilling revenues. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 Contract liabilities Contract liabilities for our contracts with customers were as follows (in millions): Deferred contract revenues, recorded in other long-term liabilities Total contract liabilities Significant changes in contract liabilities were as follows (in millions): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Total contract liabilities, beginning of period Decrease due to recognition of revenues for goods and services ) ) Increase due to goods and services transferred over time Total contract liabilities, end of period Pre-operating costs In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized pre-operating costs of million and million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized pre-operating costs of million and million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of our unrecognized pre-operating costs to obtain contracts was million and million, respectively, recorded in other assets, significantly increased as a result of seven rigs mobilizing or preparing for contracts that commenced in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or are expected to commence through the six months ending June 30, 2025. Capital expenditures Newbuild construction program Other equipment and construction projects Total capital expenditures Non-cash capital additions acquired in exchange for issuance of shares of Transocean Ltd. Changes in accrued capital additions ) Property and equipment placed into service Newbuild construction program ) ) Other equipment and construction projects ) ) Construction work in progress, end of period Acquisitions In June 2024, we acquired million of property and equipment associated with Transocean Norge , together with million of cash and cash equivalents and million of accounts receivable from us. In September 2023, we acquired million of property and equipment associated with Deepwater Aquila , together with million of cash and cash equivalents, and we assumed million of accounts payable to us. See Note 4 Unconsolidated Affiliates , Note 7 Debt and Note 11 Equity . Impairments In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of million million or per diluted share, net of tax) and million million or per diluted share, net of tax), respectively, associated with the impairment of the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Nautilus , Development Driller III and Discoverer Inspiration , together with related assets, which we determined were impaired at the time that we classified the assets as held for sale. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a loss of million per diluted share) and million per diluted share), respectively, which had tax effect, associated with the impairment of the harsh environment floaters Paul B. Loyd, Jr. and Transocean Leader , together with related assets, which we determined were impaired at the time that we classified the assets as held for sale. We measured the impairment of the rigs and related assets as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value less costs to sell. We estimated the fair value of the assets using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including binding contracts for the sale of the rigs and related assets. Disposals In February 2024, we completed the sale of Paul B. Loyd, Jr. and Transocean Leader , together with related assets, for aggregate net cash proceeds of million, including million received as a deposit in the year ended December 31, 2023. In July 2024, we completed the sale of Deepwater Nautilus and related assets for aggregate net cash proceeds of million, including million received as a deposit in June 2024. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received aggregate net cash proceeds of million 

 - 8 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 million, respectively and recognized an aggregate net loss of million and million, respectively, associated with the disposal of assets unrelated to rig sales. In February 2023, in connection with our investment in a noncontrolling ownership interest in GSR, we made a non-cash contribution of the cold-stacked Ocean Rig Olympia and related assets. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a loss of million per diluted share), which had tax effect, associated with the disposal of the rig and related assets. See Note 4 Unconsolidated Affiliates . Assets held for sale At September 30, 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of our assets held for sale, including Development Driller III and Discoverer Inspiration , together with related assets, was million. The transactions contemplated by the binding purchase and sale agreements, executed in September 2024, for these rigs and related assets are subject to customary closing conditions, including the buyers ability to secure financing for the purchases. We have extended the originally agreed closing dates and remain in discussions with the buyers. At December 31, 2023, the aggregate carrying amount of our assets held for sale, including Paul B. Loyd, Jr . and Transocean Leader , together with related assets, was million. Senior Notes due November 2025 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 Senior Notes due January 2026 Senior Guaranteed Notes due January 2027 Senior Secured Notes due February 2027 Senior Notes due February 2027 Notes due April 2027 Debentures due April 2027 Shipyard Loans due September 2027 Senior Secured Notes due February 2028 Notes due June 2028 Senior Secured Notes due September 2028 Senior Notes due May 2029 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 Senior Secured Notes due February 2030 Notes due April 2031 Senior Notes due May 2031 Senior Notes due March 2038 Senior Notes due December 2041 Total debt Less debt due within one year Senior Guaranteed Notes due January 2027 Senior Secured Notes due February 2027 Shipyard Loans due September 2027 Senior Secured Notes due February 2028 Senior Secured Notes due September 2028 Senior Secured Notes due February 2030 Total debt due within one year Total long-term debt 

 - 9 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total principal amount of debt Total unamortized debt-related balances, net ) Bifurcated compound exchange feature, at estimated fair value Total carrying amount of debt Credit agreement Secured Credit Facility We have a secured revolving credit facility established under a bank credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the Secured Credit Facility ), which is scheduled to mature on June 22, 2028. In April 2024, we amended the Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, (a) extend the maturity date from June 22, 2025 to June 22, 2028 and (b) reduce the borrowing capacity from million to million through June 22, 2025, and thereafter reduce the borrowing capacity to million through June 22, 2028. Throughout the term of the Secured Credit Facility, we pay a facility fee on the amount of the underlying commitment, which ranges from percent to percent based on the credit rating of the Secured Credit Facility. We may borrow under the Secured Credit Facility at a forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR plus a margin and a Term SOFR spread adjustment of percent. The Secured Credit Facility is subject to permitted extensions and certain early maturity triggers, including if on any date the aggregate amount of scheduled principal repayments of indebtedness, with certain exceptions, due within 91 days thereof is equal to or in excess of million and available cash is less than million. The Secured Credit Facility permits us to increase the aggregate amount of commitments by up to million. The Secured Credit Facility is guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries. The Secured Credit Facility contains covenants that, among other things, include maintenance of a minimum guarantee coverage ratio of to 1.0, a minimum collateral coverage ratio of to 1.0, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio of to 1.00 and minimum liquidity of million. The Secured Credit Facility also restricts the ability of Transocean Ltd. and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, merge, consolidate or otherwise make changes to the corporate structure, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and permits, subject to certain conditions, the ability to pay dividends and repurchase our shares. In order to utilize the Secured Credit Facility, we must, at the time of the borrowing request, be in full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Secured Credit Facility and make certain representations and warranties, including with respect to compliance with laws and solvency, to the lenders. Repayment of borrowings under the Secured Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default. Under the agreements governing certain of our debt and finance lease, we are also subject to various covenants, including restrictions on creating liens, engaging in sale/leaseback transactions and engaging in certain merger, consolidation or reorganization transactions. A default under our public debt indentures, the agreements governing our senior secured notes, our finance lease contract or any other debt owed to unaffiliated entities that exceeds million could trigger a default under the Secured Credit Facility and, if not waived by the lenders or otherwise cured, could cause us to lose access to the Secured Credit Facility. At September 30, 2024, based on the credit rating of the Secured Credit Facility as of that date, the facility fee was percent. At September 30, 2024, we had borrowings outstanding, million of letters of credit issued, and we had million of available borrowing capacity under the Secured Credit Facility. Exchangeable bonds Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 The exchange rates, presented above, are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. The 4.00 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due December 2025 may be exchanged by holders at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date and, at our election, such exchange may be settled by delivering cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and shares. The 4.625 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due September 2029 (the 4.625 Senior 

 - 10 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 We estimated the fair values of the exchangeable debt instruments, including the exchange features, by employing a binomial lattice model using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads of our debt and the expected volatility of the market price for our shares. Interest expense We recognized interest expense for our exchangeable bonds as follows (in millions): 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contractual interest Amortization Bifurcated compound exchange feature ) ) Total ) ) The indenture governing the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds contains a compound exchange feature that, in addition to the exchange terms presented above, requires us to pay holders a make-whole premium of future interest through March 30, 2028, for exchanges exercised during a redemption notice period. Such compound exchange feature must be bifurcated from the host debt instrument since it is not considered indexed to our stock. Accordingly, we recognize changes to the estimated fair value of the bifurcated compound exchange feature, recorded as a component of the carrying amount of debt, with a corresponding adjustment to interest expense. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the bifurcated compound exchange feature was million and million, respectively. Exchanges In April 2023, Perestroika exchanged million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due January 2027 (the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds under the terms of the indenture governing such bonds at the applicable exchange rate of Transocean Ltd. shares per 1,000 note. As part of the transaction, we delivered million Transocean Ltd. shares and million cash consideration to such exchanging holder. The director s beneficial ownership of our shares resulting from these transactions did not change. In July 2023, the holders of the remaining outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds exchanged such bonds under the terms of the governing indenture at the applicable exchange rate of Transocean Ltd. shares per 1,000 note. As part of the transaction, we delivered million Transocean Ltd. shares. Debt issuance Senior notes In April 2024, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 8.25 senior notes due May 2029 (the 8.25 Senior Notes and million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 senior notes due May 2031 (the 8.50 Senior Notes ), and we received billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.25 Senior Notes and the 8.50 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Transocean Ltd. and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries. On or prior to May 15, 2026 and 2027, respectively, we may redeem all or a portion of the 8.25 Senior Notes and the 8.50 Senior Notes, respectively, at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. In June 2024, as partial consideration to acquire the outstanding percent ownership interest in Orion, we issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes with an equivalent aggregate fair value as additional debt securities under the indenture governing such notes. See Note 4 Unconsolidated Affiliates , Note 6 Long-Lived Assets and Note 11 Equity . Senior secured notes In January 2023, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due February 2028 (the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received million aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.375 Senior Secured Notes are secured by the assets and earnings associated with the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Titan and the equity of the wholly owned subsidiary that owns or operates the collateral rig. Additionally, we are required to comply with certain covenants, including related to the debt and earnings attributable to the collateral rig, and maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. We may redeem all or a portion of the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes on or prior to February 1, 2025 at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. 

 - 11 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.75 senior secured notes due February 2030 (the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.75 Senior Secured Notes are secured by a lien on the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Pontus , Deepwater Proteus and Deepwater Thalassa and the harsh environment floaters Transocean Enabler and Transocean Encourage , together with certain related assets. Additionally, we are required to comply with certain covenants, including related to the debt and earnings attributable to the collateral rigs, and maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. We may redeem all or a portion of the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes on or prior to February 15, 2026 at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. Early debt retirement Tendered and redeemed notes During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we retired certain notes, for which the aggregate principal amounts, cash payments and recognized gain or loss were as follows (in millions): Senior Secured Notes due May 2023 Senior Secured Notes due January 2024 Senior Secured Notes due October 2024 Senior Secured Notes due December 2024 Senior Secured Notes due August 2025 Senior Notes due November 2025 Senior Notes due January 2026 Senior Guaranteed Notes due January 2027 Senior Notes due February 2027 Aggregate principal amount of debt retired Aggregate cash payment Aggregate net gain, three-month period Aggregate net gain (loss), nine-month period ) percent and percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effect of various discrete period tax items was a net tax benefit of million and million, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, such discrete items included changes to deferred taxes resulting from operational and structural changes related to rig movements and asset impairments, changes to valuation allowances and settlements of various uncertain tax positions. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, such discrete items included settlements and expirations of various uncertain tax positions, changes to valuation allowances and changes to deferred taxes due to new rig operations. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, was percent and ) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of operational and structural changes related to rig movements, we remeasured our deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Luxembourg, resulting in an increase of our net deferred tax asset from million to million, and such increase was substantially offset by an increase to our valuation allowance. Tax positions and returns We conduct operations through our various subsidiaries in countries throughout the world. Each country has its own tax regimes with varying nominal rates, deductions and tax attributes that are subject to changes resulting from new legislation, interpretation or guidance. From time to time, as a result of these changes, we may revise previously evaluated tax positions, which could cause us to adjust our recorded tax assets and liabilities. Tax authorities in certain jurisdictions are examining our tax returns and, in some cases, have issued assessments. We intend to defend our tax positions vigorously. Although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of the aforementioned changes, examinations or assessments, we do not expect the ultimate liability to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position or results of operations; however, it could have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. Brazil tax investigations In December 2005, the Brazilian tax authorities began issuing tax assessments with respect to our tax returns for the years 2000 through 2004. In May 2014, the Brazilian tax authorities issued an additional tax assessment for the years 2009 and 2010. We filed protests with the Brazilian tax authorities for the assessments and are engaged in the appeals process, and a portion of two cases were favorably closed. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our remaining exposure decreased by BRL million, equivalent to million, following our confirmation of the applicability of a law that allows taxpayers to reduce exposure associated with applicable penalties, interest and legal fees following the receipt and confirmation of a specific type of administrative determination, such as we received. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining aggregate tax assessment, including interest and penalties, was for corporate income 

 - 12 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 million, equivalent to million, and indirect tax of BRL million, equivalent to million. We believe our returns are materially correct as filed, and we are vigorously contesting these assessments. An unfavorable outcome on these proposed assessments could have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of convertible debt instruments, net of tax ) ) Loss for per share calculation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Denominator for loss per share Weighted-average shares outstanding Effect of convertible debt instruments Weighted-average shares for per share calculation Loss per share ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) We excluded from the computation certain shares issuable as follows because the effect would have been antidilutive (in millions): Share-based awards Warrants plaintiffs have claims pending in Louisiana and plaintiffs in the aggregate have claims pending in either Illinois, Missouri, or California, in which we have or may have an interest. We intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously, although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome. We historically have maintained broad liability insurance, although we can provide no assurance as to whether insurance will cover the liabilities, if any, arising out of these claims. Based on our evaluation of the exposure to date, we do not expect the liability, if any, resulting from these claims to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. One of our subsidiaries was named as a defendant, along with numerous other companies, in lawsuits arising out of the subsidiary s manufacture and sale of heat exchangers, and involvement in the construction and refurbishment of major industrial complexes alleging bodily injury or personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. As of September 30, 2024, the subsidiary was a defendant in approximately lawsuits with a corresponding number of plaintiffs. For many of these lawsuits, we have not been provided sufficient information from the plaintiffs to determine whether all or some of the plaintiffs have claims against the subsidiary, the basis of any such claims, or the nature of their alleged injuries. The operating assets of the subsidiary were sold in 1989. In December 2021, the subsidiary and certain insurers agreed to a settlement of outstanding disputes that provide the subsidiary with cash. An earlier settlement, achieved in September 2018, provided the subsidiary with cash and an annuity that begins making payments in 2024. Together with a coverage-in-place agreement with certain insurers and additional coverage issued by other insurers, we believe the subsidiary has sufficient resources to respond to both the current lawsuits as well as future lawsuits of a similar nature. While we cannot predict or provide assurance as to the outcome of these matters, we do not expect the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from these claims to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Other matters We are involved in various regulatory matters and a number of claims and lawsuits, asserted and unasserted, all of which have arisen in the ordinary course of our business. We do not expect the liability, if any, resulting from these other matters to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We cannot 

 - 13 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 
 from CHF . Share issuance In June 2024, we issued million Transocean Ltd. shares with an aggregate fair value of million as partial consideration to acquire the outstanding percent ownership interest in Orion. In September 2023, we issued million Transocean Ltd. shares with an aggregate fair value of million to acquire the outstanding percent ownership interest in Liquila. See Note 4 Unconsolidated Affiliates , Note 6 Long-Lived Assets and Note 7 Debt . Restricted cash and cash equivalents Long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates Total debt Cash and cash equivalents Our cash and cash equivalents are primarily invested in demand deposits, short-term time deposits and money market funds. The carrying amount of our cash and cash equivalents represents the historical cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value because of the short maturities of the instruments. Restricted cash and cash equivalents Our restricted cash and cash equivalents, which are subject to restrictions due to collateral requirements, legislation, regulation or court order, are primarily invested in demand deposits and money market funds. The carrying amount of our restricted cash and cash equivalents represents the historical cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value because of the short maturities of the instruments. Long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates The carrying amount of our long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates, recorded in other assets, represents the principal amount of the cash investment. We estimated the fair value of our long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates using significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads for the instruments. Total debt The carrying amount of our total debt represents the principal amount, contractual interest payments of previously restructured debt and unamortized discounts, premiums and issue costs. The carrying amount and fair value of our total debt includes amounts related to certain exchangeable debt instruments (see Note 7 Debt ). We estimated the fair value of our total debt using significant 

 - 14 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued (Unaudited) 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Information The statements included in this quarterly report regarding future financial performance and results of operations and other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements in this quarterly report include, but are not limited to, statements about the following subjects: the effect of any disputes and actions with respect to production levels by, among or between major oil and gas producing countries and any expectations we may have with respect thereto; 
 our results of operations, our cash flow from operations, our revenue efficiency and other performance indicators and optimization of rig-based spending; 
 the offshore drilling market, including the effects of variations in commodity prices, supply and demand, utilization rates, dayrates, customer drilling programs, stacking and reactivation of rigs, effects of new rigs on the market, the impact of changes to regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate and changes in the global economy or market outlook for our industry, our rig classes or the various geographies in which we operate; 
 customer drilling contracts, including contract backlog, force majeure provisions, contract awards, commencements, extensions, cancellations, terminations, renegotiations, contract option exercises, contract revenues, early termination fees, indemnity provisions and rig mobilizations; 
 the addition of renewable or other energy alternatives to meet local, regional or global demand for energy, the commitment, by us or our customers, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or operating intensity thereof; 
 liquidity, including availability under our bank credit agreement, and adequacy of cash flows for our obligations; 
 debt levels, including interest rates, credit ratings and our evaluation or decisions with respect to any potential liability management transactions or strategic alternatives intended to prudently manage our liquidity, debt maturities and other aspects of our capital structure and any litigation, potential or alleged defaults and discussions with creditors related thereto; 
 newbuild, upgrade, shipyard, reactivations and other capital projects, including the level of expected capital expenditures and the timing and cost of completing capital projects, delivery and operating commencement dates, relinquishment or abandonment, expected downtime and lost revenues; 
 the cost and timing of acquisitions, reactivations and the proceeds and timing of dispositions; 
 tax matters, including our effective tax rate, uncertain tax positions, changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations, tax assessments, tax incentive programs and liabilities for tax issues in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate or have a taxable presence; 
 legal and regulatory matters, including results and effects of current or potential legal proceedings and governmental audits and assessments, outcomes and effects of internal and governmental investigations, customs and environmental matters; 
 insurance matters, risk tolerance and risk response, including adequacy and solvency of insurance, renewal of insurance, insurance proceeds and cash investments of our wholly owned captive insurance company; 
 effects of accounting changes and adoption of accounting policies; and 
 investment in recruitment, retention and personnel development initiatives, the timing of, and other matters concerning, severance payments, benefit payments and maintaining agreements with labor unions .
 
 Forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are identifiable by use of the following words and other similar expressions: 

anticipates 

budgets 

estimates 

forecasts 

may 

plans 

projects 

should 

believes 

could 

expects 

intends 

might 

predicts 

scheduled 
 Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to: those described under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in Part I of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ; 
 the effects of actions by, or disputes among or between, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil and natural gas producing countries with respect to production levels or other matters related to the prices of oil and natural gas; 
 the adequacy of and access to our sources of liquidity; 
 our inability to renew drilling contracts at comparable, or improved, dayrates and to obtain drilling contracts for our rigs that do not have contracts; 
 operational performance; 
 the cancellation of drilling contracts currently included in our reported contract backlog; 
 losses on impairment of long-lived assets; 
 shipyard, construction and other delays; 
 the results of meetings of our shareholders; 
 changes in political, social and economic conditions; 
 the effect and results of litigation, regulatory matters, settlements, audits, assessments and contingencies; 
 the effects of public health threats, pandemics and epidemics and the potential adverse impacts thereof; and 
 other factors discussed in this quarterly report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which are available free of charge on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 The foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference to these risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement. We expressly disclaim any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or beliefs with regard to the statement or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based, except as required by law . 

 - 16 - 

Table of Contents 
 Introduction Transocean Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise, Transocean, we, us or our is a leading international provider of offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells. As of October 24, 2024, we owned or had partial ownership interests in and operated 34 mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of 26 ultra-deepwater floaters and eight harsh environment floaters. We provide, as our primary business, contract drilling services in a single operating segment, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling rigs, related equipment and work crews to drill oil and gas wells. We specialize in technically demanding regions of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on ultra-deepwater and harsh environment drilling services. Our drilling fleet is one of the most versatile fleets in the world, consisting of drillships and semisubmersible floaters used in support of offshore drilling activities and offshore support services on a worldwide basis. We perform contract drilling services by deploying our high-specification fleet in a single, global market that is geographically dispersed in oil and gas exploration and development areas throughout the world. Although rigs can be moved from one region to another, the cost of moving rigs and the availability of rig-moving vessels may cause the supply and demand balance to fluctuate somewhat between regions. Still, significant variations between regions do not tend to persist long term because of rig mobility. The location of our rigs and the allocation of resources to operate, build or upgrade our rigs are determined by the activities and needs of our customers. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, operating results and liquidity and capital resources are based upon, and should be read in conjunction with, our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, included under Item 1. Financial Statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and with Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . Highlights Acquisition In June 2024, we transferred noncash consideration with an aggregate fair value of 431 million, including 130 million aggregate principal amount of the 8.00 senior notes due February 2027 (the 8.00 Senior Notes and 55.5 million Transocean Ltd. shares, to acquire the outstanding 67.0 percent ownership interest in Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited (together with its subsidiary, Orion ), the Cayman Islands company that owns the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge , as a result, Orion became our wholly owned subsidiary. See Operating Results and Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Disposal of assets In February 2024, we completed the sale of the harsh environment floaters Paul B. Loyd, Jr. and Transocean Leader , together with related assets, for aggregate net cash proceeds of 49 million, including 6 million received as a deposit in the year ended December 31, 2023. See Operating Results and Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . In July 2024, we completed the sale of the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Nautilus and related assets for aggregate net cash proceeds of 53 million, including 5 million received as a deposit in June 2024. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of 143 million 138 million or 0.15 per diluted share, net of tax) associated with the impairment of the rig and related assets, which we determined were impaired at the time that we classified the assets as held for sale. See Operating Results , Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . In September 2024, we executed purchase and sale agreements for the sale of the ultra-deepwater floaters Development Driller III and Discoverer Inspiration, together with related assets, for aggregate expected net cash proceeds of 345 million, and we recognized a loss of 629 million 617 million or 0.67 per diluted share, net of tax), associated with the impairment of such assets, which we determined were impaired at the time that we classified the assets as held for sale. The transactions contemplated by the binding purchase and sale agreements are subject to customary closing conditions, including the buyers ability to secure financing for the purchases. We have extended the originally agreed closing dates and remain in discussions with the buyers. See Operating Results , Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Secured credit facility In April 2024, we amended the credit agreement that established our secured credit facility (as amended from time to time, the Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, (a) extend the maturity date from June 22, 2025 to June 22, 2028 and (b) reduce the borrowing capacity from 600 million to 576 million through June 22, 2025, and thereafter reduce the borrowing capacity to 510 million through June 22, 2028. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Debt issuance In April 2024, we issued 900 million aggregate principal amount of 8.25 senior notes due May 2029 (the 8.25 Senior Notes and 900 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 senior notes due May 2031 (the 8.50 Senior Notes ), and we received 1.77 billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Debt tender offers In April 2024, we made an aggregate cash payment of 886 million, including related costs, to complete tender offers (the Tender Offers for 596 million and 249 million aggregate principal amount of the validly tendered 11.50 senior guaranteed notes due January 2027 (the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes and the 7.25 senior notes due November 2025 (the 7.25 Senior Notes ), respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . 

 - 17 - 

Table of Contents 
 Debt redemption In April 2024, we made an aggregate cash payment of 658 million, including related costs, to fully redeem 569 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.50 senior notes due January 2026 and partially redeem 87 million aggregate principal amount of the 8.00 Senior Notes. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made an aggregate cash payment of 204 million to redeem the remaining 105 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes and 91 million aggregate principal amount of the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes outstanding following the completion of the Tender Offers. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Outlook Drilling market Our industry outlook is positive based upon underlying economic factors, including numerous long-term forecasts that indicate hydrocarbons will continue to be a critical source of energy for the foreseeable future, despite significant relative growth in alternative energy technologies, which remain less economical versus hydrocarbons. Economic forecasts indicate that countries that are not members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development will continue to experience population growth and improvement in living standards, which will compound the increase in energy demand for the foreseeable future. We believe that these factors will contribute to robust demand for oil and gas. The existing supply of oil and gas is depleting and requires replenishment. The replacement of reserves remains critically important given the significant underinvestment during the last several years and the challenges to new exploration and production investments imposed on many industry participants by investors and the governments of oil and gas producing nations. Additionally, energy security will remain an important geopolitical factor across Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere with the growing understanding that hydrocarbons are not easily displaced by alternatives for much of the world s energy needs. With deepwater and harsh environment fields generating favorable economic returns and relatively lower carbon intensity than other hydrocarbon sources, we expect a significant portion of the required spending in fossil fuel development will continue to be allocated to deepwater and harsh environment projects. Although the price for oil may continue to exhibit volatility in response to factors outside of our control, including uncertainty about future output from the major oil and gas producing countries, interest rate changes, geopolitical events and global economic growth, we nevertheless expect prices to remain at levels that continue to be supportive of investment in deepwater and harsh environment exploration and development projects. Significantly reduced offshore contracting activity during the previous downcycle has also resulted in a smaller marketable global fleet of floating rigs available to meet the current upcycle in expected customer demands, specifically with respect to the highest specification drilling units preferred by many of our customers for their projects. Marketable supply and demand for ultra-deepwater and harsh environment rigs is more balanced, and our customers are planning further into the future to ensure availability of rigs for their drilling programs and are signing contracts with longer lead times and durations, as well as higher dayrates. Our customers continue to pursue offshore projects in deepwater and harsh environments where rates of return and production volumes are anticipated to be very attractive, which is reflected in the resumption of postponed projects, commencement of new drilling and exploration campaigns and extensions of current drilling campaigns. Offshore drilling activity remains robust in every major deepwater geographic sector. Several new exploration and development programs have commenced as our customers return their focus to reserve replacement. Consequently, tendering activity improved meaningfully during 2023. Several multi-year tenders and direct negotiations for work in Brazil, West Africa, North America and Australia were awarded and many tenders in these sectors remain active and are still expected to be awarded in the final quarter of 2024. South America, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and, increasingly, Africa are key ultra-deepwater market sectors. In the last two years, we observed sustained increases in dayrates for projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Brazil, and we are seeing these trends expand to other deepwater sectors. In Norway, the largest region for harsh environment rigs, we anticipate demand will accelerate and extend through at least 2028. Several rigs have departed the region to work in other emerging harsh environment regions that require high-specification, high-efficiency semisubmersibles. Contract durations, including subsequent extensions, on most of these units along with other factors affecting supply and demand for drilling rigs are likely to have a favorable influence on dayrates and contracting terms as competition increases for high-specification, high-efficiency semisubmersibles. As we project that this demand for both our asset groups will be sustained in the coming years, and as there are now fewer high-specification offshore drilling rigs capable of operating, we believe this demand may prompt the reactivation of cold stacked rigs and the delivery of remaining stranded newbuild assets. Fleet status We refer to the availability of our rigs in terms of the uncommitted fleet rate. The uncommitted fleet rate is defined as the number of uncommitted days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. An uncommitted day is defined as a calendar day during which a rig is idle or stacked, is not contracted to a customer and is not committed 

 - 18 - 

Table of Contents 
 to a shipyard. The uncommitted fleet rates exclude the effect of priced options. As of October 24, 2024, the uncommitted fleet rates for the remainder of 2024 and each of the four years in the period ending December 31, 2028 were as follows: 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Uncommitted fleet rate Ultra-deepwater floaters 35 37 53 72 87 Harsh environment floaters 13 13 43 83 95 Performance and Other Key Indicators Contract backlog We believe our industry-leading contract backlog sets us apart from the competition and provides indicators of our future revenue-earning opportunities. Contract backlog is defined as the maximum contractual operating dayrate multiplied by the number of days remaining in the firm contract period, excluding revenues for mobilization, demobilization, contract preparation, other incentive provisions or reimbursement revenues, which are not expected to be material to our contract drilling revenues. The contract backlog represents the maximum contract drilling revenues that can be earned considering the contractual operating dayrate in effect during the firm contract period. The contract backlog for our fleet was as follows: 

October 24, July 24, February 14, 2024 2024 2024 (in millions) Contract backlog Ultra-deepwater floaters 7,144 6,666 6,951 Harsh environment floaters 2,144 1,975 2,057 Total contract backlog 9,288 8,641 9,008 Our contract backlog includes only firm commitments, which are represented by signed drilling contracts or, in some cases, by other definitive agreements awaiting contract execution. It does not include conditional agreements and options to extend firm commitments. The contractual operating dayrate may be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive because an alternative contractual dayrate, such as a waiting-on-weather rate, repair rate, standby rate or force majeure rate, may apply under certain circumstances. The contractual operating dayrate may also be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive because of a number of factors, including rig downtime, suspension of operations and other factors. In certain contracts, the actual dayrate may be reduced to zero if, for example, repairs extend beyond a stated period of time. Average daily revenue We believe average daily revenue provides a comparative measurement unit for our revenue-earning performance. Average daily revenue is defined as operating revenues, excluding revenues for contract terminations, reimbursements and contract intangible amortization, earned per operating day. An operating day is defined as a day for which a rig is contracted to earn a dayrate during the firm contract period after operations commence. The average daily revenue for our fleet was as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 Average daily revenue Ultra-deepwater floaters 426,700 433,900 406,500 Harsh environment floaters 464,900 449,600 357,400 Total fleet average daily revenue 436,800 438,300 391,300 Our average daily revenue fluctuates relative to market conditions and our revenue efficiency. The average daily revenue may be affected by incentive performance bonuses or penalties or demobilization fee revenues. Revenues for a newbuild unit are included in the calculation when the rig commences operations upon acceptance by the customer. We remove a rig from the calculation upon disposal or classification as held for sale, unless we continue to operate the rig, in which case we remove the rig upon completion or novation of the contract. Revenue efficiency We believe revenue efficiency measures our ability to ultimately convert our contract backlog into revenues. Revenue efficiency is defined as actual operating revenues, excluding revenues for contract terminations and reimbursements, for the measurement period divided by the maximum revenue calculated for the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. Maximum 

 - 19 - 

Table of Contents 
 revenue is defined as the greatest amount of contract drilling revenues the drilling unit could earn for the measurement period, excluding revenues for incentive provisions, reimbursements and contract terminations. The revenue efficiency rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 Revenue efficiency Ultra-deepwater floaters 92.5 96.5 94.3 Harsh environment floaters 100.1 98.1 98.1 Total fleet average revenue efficiency 94.5 96.9 95.4 Our revenue efficiency rate varies due to revenues earned under alternative contractual dayrates, such as a waiting-on-weather rate, repair rate, standby rate, force majeure rate or zero rate, that may apply under certain circumstances. Our revenue efficiency rate is also affected by incentive performance bonuses or penalties. We include newbuilds in the calculation when the rigs commence operations upon acceptance by the customer. We exclude rigs that are not operating under contract, such as those that are stacked. Rig utilization We present our rig utilization as an indicator of our ability to secure work for our fleet. Rig utilization is defined as the total number of operating days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. The rig utilization rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 Rig utilization Ultra-deepwater floaters 60.7 53.5 45.0 Harsh environment floaters 75.0 73.0 63.0 Total fleet average rig utilization 63.9 57.8 49.4 Our rig utilization rate declines as a result of idle and stacked rigs and during shipyard, contract preparation and mobilization periods. We include newbuilds in the calculation when the rigs commence operations upon acceptance by the customer. We remove a rig from the calculation upon disposal or classification as held for sale, unless we continue to operate the rig, in which case we remove the rig upon completion or novation of the contract. Accordingly, our rig utilization can increase when we remove idle or stacked units from our fleet. Operating Results Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 The following is an analysis of our operating results. See Performance and Other Key Indicators for definitions of operating days, average daily revenue, revenue efficiency and rig utilization. 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions, except day amounts and percentages) Operating days 2,082 1,682 400 24 Average daily revenue 436,800 391,300 45,500 12 Revenue efficiency 94.5 95.4 Rig utilization 63.9 49.4 Contract drilling revenues 948 713 235 33 Operating and maintenance expense (563) (524) (39) (7) Depreciation and amortization expense (190) (192) 2 1 General and administrative expense (47) (44) (3) (7) Loss on impairment of assets (629) (5) (624) nm Loss on disposal of assets, net (4) (3) (1) (33) Operating loss (485) (55) (430) nm Other income (expense), net Interest income 11 12 (1) (8) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (80) (232) 152 66 Gain on retirement of debt 21 21 nm Other, net 8 12 (4) (33) Loss before income tax benefit (525) (263) (262) nm Income tax benefit 31 43 (12) (28) Net loss (494) (220) (274) nm 

 nm means not meaningful. 

 - 20 - 

Table of Contents 
 Contract drilling revenues Contract drilling revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 210 million resulting from increased utilization, (b) approximately 55 million resulting from improved average daily revenues, (c) approximately 35 million resulting from operations of our newbuild ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Aquila and (d) approximately 10 million resulting from decreased amortization of contract intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by the following: (a) approximately 55 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale, (b) approximately 15 million resulting from early termination fees in the three months ended September 30, 2023 with no comparable activity in the current-year period and (c) approximately 5 million resulting from lower reimbursement revenues. Costs and expenses Operating and maintenance costs and expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 95 million resulting from increased operating activity, (b) approximately 20 million resulting from the operations of our newbuild ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Aquila , (c) approximately 20 million resulting from incremental in-service costs related to additional services and (d) approximately 15 million resulting from the effect of inflation on personnel and other operating costs. These increases were partially offset by the following: (a) approximately 55 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale, (b) approximately 40 million resulting from lower costs incurred during contract preparation, (c) approximately 10 million resulting from the operations of the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge and (d) approximately 5 million resulting from lower reimbursable costs. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases of (a) 7 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale and (b) 5 million resulting from assets that had reached the end of their useful lives, had been retired or from other operating activities, partially offset by an increase of (c) 10 million resulting from three newbuild ultra-deepwater floaters, one acquired harsh environment floater and other property and equipment placed into service. General and administrative costs and expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to approximately 5 million resulting from increased personnel costs. Loss on impairment of assets In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of 629 million associated with the impairment of Development Driller III and Discoverer Inspiration together with related assets. Other income and expense Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) 167 million decreased interest resulting from the change to the fair value of the bifurcated compound exchange feature embedded in the indenture governing the 4.625 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due September 2029 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and (b) 23 million decreased interest resulting from debt repaid as scheduled or early retired, partially offset by, (c) 44 million increased interest resulting from debt issued. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a net gain of 21 million associated with the redemption of 91 million aggregate principal amount of the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes. Other income, net, decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to (a) decreased income of 8 million related to our dual-activity patent, partially offset by (c) decreased losses of 3 million related to our equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates. Income tax benefit In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate was 6.0 percent and 16.3 percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effect of various discrete period tax items was a net tax benefit of 50 million and 65 million, respectively. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, such discrete items included changes to deferred taxes resulting from asset impairments and changes to valuation allowances. In the three months ended September 30, 2023, such discrete items included settlement of various uncertain tax positions and changes to valuation allowances. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, was 22.5 percent and (8.7) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. Due to our operating activities and organizational structure, our income tax expense does not change proportionally with our income before income taxes. We may have subsidiaries with tax expense on taxable earnings that exceeds the tax benefits in other jurisdictions, or vice versa, which sometimes results in a negative effective tax rate or unusually high effective tax rates relative to consolidated losses before income taxes. Our earnings are unevenly distributed across jurisdictions and may experience variability in timing among interim periods throughout the year and such variability may influence the allocation of income tax expense or benefit to the respective interim period. The annual effective tax rate used to allocate income tax expense or benefit to interim periods may also be influenced by the removal of loss jurisdictions from the calculations. Our rig operating structures further complicate our tax calculations, especially in instances where we have more than one operating structure for the taxing jurisdiction and, thus, more than one method of calculating taxes depending on the operating structure utilized by the rig under the contract. 

 - 21 - 

Table of Contents 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 The following is an analysis of our operating results. See Performance and Other Key Indicators for definitions of operating days, average daily revenue, revenue efficiency and rig utilization. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions, except day amounts and percentages) Operating days 5,757 5,288 469 9 Average daily revenue 428,400 373,800 54,600 15 Revenue efficiency 94.8 96.8 Rig utilization 58.5 52.0 Contract drilling revenues 2,572 2,091 481 23 Operating and maintenance expense (1,620) (1,417) (203) (14) Depreciation and amortization expense (559) (560) 1 nm General and administrative expense (158) (137) (21) (15) Loss on impairment of assets (772) (58) (714) nm Loss on disposal of assets, net (10) (173) 163 94 Operating loss (547) (254) (293) nm Other income (expense), net Interest income 40 42 (2) (5) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (271) (649) 378 58 Gain (loss) on retirement of debt 161 (32) 193 nm Other, net 32 35 (3) (9) Loss before income tax benefit (585) (858) 273 32 Income tax benefit 66 8 58 nm Net loss (519) (850) 331 39 

 nm means not meaningful. Contract drilling revenues Contract drilling revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 305 million resulting from increased utilization, (b) approximately 215 million resulting from improved average daily revenues, (c) approximately 100 million resulting from the operations of our newbuild ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Titan and Deepwater Aquila , (d) approximately 60 million resulting from increased activity for the operations of the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge and (e) approximately 40 million resulting from decreased amortization of contract intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by the following: (a) approximately 185 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale, (b) approximately 35 million resulting from early termination fees in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 with no comparable activity in the current-year period and (c) approximately 20 million resulting from decreased revenue efficiency for the comparable active fleet. Costs and expenses Operating and maintenance costs and expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 150 million resulting from increased operating activity, (b) approximately 55 million resulting from the effect of inflation on personnel and other operating costs, (c) approximately 50 million resulting from the operations of our newbuild ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Titan and Deepwater Aquila , (d) approximately 50 million resulting from incremental in-service costs related to additional services, (e) approximately 40 million resulting from the operations of the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge , (f) approximately 25 million resulting from increased in-service maintenance costs for the comparable fleet, (g) approximately 15 million resulting from out-of-service costs and (h) approximately 10 million resulting from increased costs associated with early retirement of certain personnel. These increases were partially offset by the following: (a) approximately 140 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale, (b) approximately 25 million resulting from lower costs incurred during contract preparation, (c) approximately 15 million resulting from favorable settlements of various litigation and contingencies and (d) approximately 10 million resulting from favorable currency exchange rates. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases of (a) 18 million resulting from rigs sold or classified as held for sale and (b) 9 million resulting from assets that had reached the end of their useful lives, had been retired or from other operating activities, partially offset by an increase of (c) 27 million resulting from three newbuild ultra-deepwater floaters, one acquired harsh environment floater and other property and equipment placed into service. General and administrative costs and expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to (a) approximately 16 million resulting from increased personnel costs, primarily resulting from costs associated with the early retirement of certain personnel, and (b) approximately 10 million resulting from increased legal and professional fees. 

 - 22 - 

Table of Contents 
 Loss on impairment or disposal of assets In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of 772 million associated with the impairment of Deepwater Nautilus , Development Driller III and Discoverer Inspiration , together with related assets. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a loss of 58 million associated with the impairment of Paul B. Loyd, Jr . and Transocean Leader , together with related assets. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a loss of 169 million associated with our non-cash contribution of the ultra-deepwater drillship Ocean Rig Olympia and related assets for a noncontrolling ownership interest in an unconsolidated affiliate. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 10 million and 4 million, respectively, associated with the disposal of assets unrelated to rig sales. Other income and expense Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: (a) 425 million decreased interest resulting from the fair value adjustment of the bifurcated compound exchange feature embedded in the indenture governing the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and (b) approximately 51 million decreased interest resulting from debt repaid as scheduled or early retired, partially offset by, (c) approximately 95 million increased interest resulting from debt issued and (d) 18 million increased interest resulting from reduced interest costs capitalized for our newbuild construction program. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a net gain on retirement of debt as follows: (a) a net gain of 144 million resulting from retirement of notes validly tendered in the Tender Offers and (b) a net gain of 17 million associated with the redemption of 852 million aggregate principal amount of our debt securities. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a net loss of 32 million associated with the redemption of 1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of our debt securities. Other income, net, decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to (a) decreased income of 18 million related to our dual-activity patent, partially offset by (b) decreased losses of 11 million related to our equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates. Income tax benefit In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate was 11.3 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effect of various discrete period tax items was a net tax benefit of 178 million and 77 million, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, such discrete items included changes to deferred taxes resulting from operational and structural changes related to rig movements and asset impairments, changes to valuation allowances and settlements of various uncertain tax positions. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, such discrete items included settlement and expirations of various uncertain tax positions, changes to valuation allowance and changes to deferred taxes due to new rig operations. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, was 364.0 percent and (11.7) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax benefit. Due to our operating activities and organizational structure, our income tax expense does not change proportionally with our income before income taxes. We may have subsidiaries with tax expense on taxable earnings that exceeds the tax benefits in other jurisdictions, or vice versa, which sometimes results in a negative effective tax rate or unusually high effective tax rates relative to consolidated losses before income taxes. Our earnings are unevenly distributed across jurisdictions and may experience variability in timing among interim periods throughout the year and such variability may influence the allocation of income tax expense or benefit to the respective interim period. The annual effective tax rate used to allocate income tax expense or benefit to interim periods may also be influenced by the removal of loss jurisdictions from the calculations. Our rig operating structures further complicate our tax calculations, especially in instances where we have more than one operating structure for the taxing jurisdiction and, thus, more than one method of calculating taxes depending on the operating structure utilized by the rig under the contract. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of cash In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our primary sources of cash were net cash proceeds from issuance of debt, disposal of assets and cash provided by operating activities. Our primary uses of cash were debt repayments and capital expenditures. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities Net loss (519) (850) 331 Non-cash items, net 1,016 1,230 (214) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net (256) (314) 58 241 66 175 Net cash provided by operating activities increased primarily due to increased cash collected from customers, partially offset by increased cash paid to suppliers. 

 - 23 - 

Table of Contents 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in millions) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures (225) (207) (18) Investments in debt and equity of unconsolidated affiliates (3) (13) 10 Proceeds from disposal of assets, net of costs to sell 99 10 89 Cash acquired in acquisition of unconsolidated affiliate 5 7 (2) (124) (203) 79 Net cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to increased proceeds from disposal of one ultra-deepwater floater and two harsh environment floaters in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in millions) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of debt (2,073) (1,707) (366) Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issue costs 1,767 1,664 103 Other, net (6) (3) (3) (312) (46) (266) Net cash used in financing activities increased primarily due to (a) increased net cash used to early retire 1.70 billion aggregate principal amount of certain of our debt securities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of certain of our debt securities in the prior-year period, partially offset by (b) increased net cash proceeds from the issuance of 900 million aggregate principal amount of 8.25 Senior Notes and 900 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 Senior Notes in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash proceeds from the issuance of 1.175 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.75 senior secured notes due February 2030 and 525 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due February 2028 in the prior-year period. Sources and uses of liquidity Overview We expect to use existing unrestricted cash balances, cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under our Secured Credit Facility or proceeds from the disposal of assets, the issuance of debt or shares to fulfill anticipated near-term obligations, which may include capital expenditures, working capital and other operational requirements, scheduled debt maturities, or other debt-related deposits or reservations of unrestricted cash, or make other payments. At September 30, 2024, we had 435 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 365 million in restricted cash and cash equivalents. We have generated positive cash flows from operating activities over recent years and, although we cannot provide assurances, we expect that such cash flows will continue to be positive over the next year. For example, among other factors, if we incur costs for reactivation or contract preparation of multiple rigs or to otherwise assure the marketability of our fleet or general economic, financial, industry or business conditions deteriorate, our cash flows from operations may be reduced or negative. We have a Secured Credit Facility that provides us with a borrowing capacity of 576 million through June 22, 2025 and 510 million through its maturity on June 22, 2028. Our Secured Credit Facility, which is secured by, among other things, a lien on eight of our ultra-deepwater floaters and two of our harsh environment floaters, contains certain restrictive covenants, including a minimum guarantee coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0, a minimum collateral coverage ratio of 2.1 to 1.0 and a minimum liquidity requirement of 200 million, among others. The Secured Credit Facility also restricts the ability of Transocean Ltd. and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, merge, consolidate or otherwise make changes to the corporate structure, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and permits, subject to certain conditions, the ability to pay dividends and repurchase our shares. For more information about our Secured Credit Facility, as well as our outstanding debt and debt transactions, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 7 Debt . Although we currently anticipate relying on these sources of liquidity, including cash flows from operating activities and borrowings under our Secured Credit Facility, among others, we may in the future consider establishing additional financing arrangements with banks or other capital providers, and subject to market conditions and other factors, we may be required to provide collateral for any such future financing arrangements. Our secured indentures include collateral rig leverage ratios, and in the past, during periods when certain of these rigs have experienced reduced levels of operating efficiency or utilization, we have deposited unrestricted cash into the applicable debt service reserve account to maintain compliance with the applicable covenant. We may in the future deposit a portion of our unrestricted cash or, in lieu thereof, take other actions, including seeking covenant relief or other consents of holders of certain of our secured debt, as applicable. Debt and equity markets From time to time, we seek to access the capital markets, including with respect to potential liability management transactions. For example, we have completed multiple debt and equity transactions, including tender offers, redemptions, exchanges and retirement of existing debt, in connection with our ongoing efforts to prudently manage our capital structure and improve our 

 - 24 - 

Table of Contents 
 liquidity position. Subject to then-existing market conditions and our expected liquidity needs, among other factors, we may use existing unrestricted cash balances, cash flows from operating activities, or proceeds from asset sales to pursue liability management transactions, including among others, purchasing or exchanging any of our debt or equity-linked securities in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or through tender or exchange offers, or by redeeming any of our outstanding debt securities pursuant to the terms of the applicable governing document, if applicable. Any future purchases, exchanges or other transactions may be on the same terms or on terms that are more or less favorable to holders than the terms of any prior transaction. We can provide no assurance as to which, if any, of these alternatives, or combinations thereof, we may choose to pursue in the future, if at all, or as to the timing with respect to any future transactions. For more information about our previous debt issuance, exchange, repayment, redemption and retirement transactions, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 7 Debt . Our ability and willingness to access the debt and equity markets is a function of a variety of factors, including, among others, general economic, industry or market conditions, market perceptions of us and our industry and credit rating agencies views of our debt. General economic or market conditions could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position and on the business and financial position of our customers, suppliers and lenders and could affect our ability to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or at all and our future need or ability to borrow under our Secured Credit Facility. In addition to our potential sources of funding, the effects of such global events could impact our liquidity or cause us to need to alter our allocation or sources of capital, implement further cost reduction measures and change our financial strategy. Additionally, the rating of our long-term debt is below investment grade, which is causing us to experience increased fees and interest rates under our Secured Credit Facility and indentures governing certain of our senior notes. Future downgrades may further restrict our ability to access the debt market for sources of capital and may negatively impact the cost of such capital at a time when we would like, or need, to access such markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Drilling fleet From time to time, we review possible acquisitions of businesses and drilling rigs, as well as noncontrolling ownership interests in other companies, and we may make significant future capital commitments for such purposes. We may also consider investments related to major rig upgrades, new rig construction, or the acquisition of a rig under construction. Any such acquisition or investment has and in the future could involve the payment by us of a substantial amount of cash or the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares or other securities. Our failure to subsequently secure drilling contracts in these instances, if not already secured, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. In June 2024, we completed construction of the ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila , and it commenced operations under its drilling contract. The seventh generation, high-specification drillship is equipped with our patented dual activity, a 1,400 short-ton hookload, large deck space, high load capacities and is dual-stack ready. As of September 30, 2024, the full scope of the construction project for the rig and related assets was substantially completed for a total cost of approximately 440 million. The ultimate amount of our capital expenditures is partly dependent upon financial market conditions, the actual level of operational and contracting activity, the costs associated with the current regulatory environment and customer requested capital improvements and equipment for which the customer agrees to reimburse us. As with any major shipyard project that takes place over an extended period of time, the actual costs, the timing of expenditures and the project completion date may vary from estimates based on numerous factors, including actual contract terms, weather, exchange rates, shipyard labor conditions, availability of suppliers to recertify equipment and the market demand for components and resources required for drilling unit construction. We intend to fund the cash requirements for our projected capital expenditures by using available cash balances, cash generated from operations and asset sales, borrowings under our Secured Credit Facility and financing arrangements with banks or other capital providers. Economic conditions and other factors could impact the availability of these sources of funding. From time to time, we may also review the possible disposition of certain drilling assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the sale of one ultra-deepwater floater and two harsh environment floaters, and we committed to the sale of two additional ultra-deepwater floaters. Considering market conditions, we have previously committed to plans to sell certain lower specification drilling units for scrap value, and we may identify additional lower-specification drilling units to be sold for scrap, recycling or alternative purposes. See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 6 Long-Lived Assets . Contractual obligations and other commercial commitments As of September 30, 2024, with the exception of the following, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations or other commercial commitments as previously disclosed in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed certain liability management transactions, including the issuance and retirement of certain debt securities. For additional information about changes to our debt obligations and scheduled maturities that resulted from these transactions, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 7 Debt . Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates that we use as a basis for applying judgments, assumptions and estimates to prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements, as previously disclosed in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 

 - 25 - 

Table of Contents 
 Other Matters Regulatory matters We occasionally receive inquiries from governmental regulatory agencies regarding our operations around the world, including inquiries with respect to various tax, environmental, regulatory and compliance matters. To the extent appropriate under the circumstances, we investigate such matters, respond to such inquiries and cooperate with the regulatory agencies. See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Contingencies . Tax matters We conduct operations through our various subsidiaries in countries throughout the world. Each country has its own tax regimes with varying statutory rates, deductions and tax attributes, which are subject to changes resulting from new legislation, interpretation or guidance. From time to time, as a result of these changes, we may revise previously evaluated tax positions, which could cause us to adjust our recorded tax assets and liabilities. Tax authorities in certain jurisdictions are examining our tax returns and, in some cases, have issued assessments. We intend to defend our tax positions vigorously. Although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of the aforementioned changes, examinations or assessments, we do not expect the ultimate liability to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position or results of operations; however, it could have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8 Income Taxes . Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Overview We are exposed to the following market risks: (a) interest rate risk, primarily associated with our long-term debt, including current maturities, (b) equity price risk related to certain of our exchangeable bonds and (c) currency exchange rate risk related to our international operations. As of September 30, 2024, with the exception of the following, there have been no material changes to our market risks as previously disclosed in Part II. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . Interest rate risk The following table presents the scheduled installment amounts and related weighted-average interest rates of our long-term debt instruments by contractual maturity date. The following table presents information as of September 30, 2024 (in millions, except interest rate percentages): Twelve months ending September 30, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Fair value Debt Fixed rate (USD) 480 767 1,293 664 1,276 2,494 6,974 7,033 Average interest rate 7.19 6.26 7.64 7.83 7.56 8.03 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of our outstanding debt was 7.03 billion and 7.31 billion, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the fair value of our debt decreased by 275 million due to the following: (a) a decrease of 1.69 billion resulting from debt retired in tender offers and redemptions, (b) a decrease of 322 million resulting from scheduled repayments and (c) a net decrease of 179 million resulting from changes in the market prices of our outstanding debt, partially offset by (d) an increase of 1.79 billion resulting from the issuance of the 8.25 senior notes due May 2029 and the 8.50 senior notes due May 2031 and (e) an increase of 130 million resulting from the issuance of the 8.00 senior notes due February 2027 as partial consideration to acquire the outstanding ownership interests of Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the United States (the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. Internal control over financial reporting There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 - 26 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings Transocean Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise, Transocean, we, us, or our has certain actions, claims and other matters pending as discussed and reported in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies and Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters Regulatory matters in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . We are also involved in various tax matters as described in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11 Income Taxes and in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters Tax matters in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . All such actions, claims, tax and other matters are incorporated herein by reference. As of September 30, 2024, we were involved in a number of other lawsuits, regulatory matters, disputes and claims, asserted and unasserted, all of which constitute ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business and for which we do not expect the liability, if any, to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any of the matters referred to above or of any such other pending, threatened or possible litigation or legal proceedings. We can provide no assurance that our beliefs or expectations as to the outcome or effect of any lawsuit or claim or dispute will prove correct, and the eventual outcome of these matters could materially differ from management s current estimates. On December 17, 2021, Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc. TODDI ), our wholly owned subsidiary, received a letter from the United States U.S. ). Department of Justice (the DOJ related to alleged violations by our subsidiary of its Clean Water Act CWA National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit for the western Gulf of Mexico Permit ). The alleged violations, involving seven of our drillships, were identified by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA following an initial inspection in 2018 of our compliance with the Permit and the CWA and relate to deficiencies with respect to administrative monitoring and reporting obligations. In connection with the initial EPA inspection, we initiated modifications to our Permit and CWA compliance processes and maintained a dialogue with the EPA regarding the design and implementation of enhancements to these processes. At the DOJ s invitation, in an effort to resolve the matter, we initiated settlement discussions with the DOJ, which concluded with the execution of a civil consent decree by and between the DOJ, EPA, and TODDI, effective January 3, 2024 (the Consent Decree ), that resolved the claims of the DOJ based upon the alleged violations of our Permit and the CWA. Pursuant to the Consent Decree, we agreed to pay an immaterial monetary civil penalty, and we further agreed (i) to take or continue to take certain corrective actions to ensure current and future Permit and CWA compliance, including implementing certain procedures and submitting reports and other information, in each case according to the timelines and as described in the Consent Decree, (ii) to appoint an independent auditor to review, audit and report on our compliance with certain of our obligations thereunder, and (iii) to certain non-exclusive stipulated monetary penalties if we fail to comply with applicable provisions of the Consent Decree. We may request termination of the Consent Decree after we have (x) completed timely the civil penalty payment and any accrued stipulated penalty requirements of the Consent Decree, and (y) maintained continuous satisfactory compliance with the Consent Decree for at least three years. We do not believe that the enforcement of the Consent Decree would have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition to the legal proceedings described above, we may from time to time identify other matters that we monitor through our compliance program or in response to events arising generally within our industry and in the markets where we do business. We evaluate matters on a case-by-case basis, investigate allegations in accordance with our policies and cooperate with applicable governmental authorities. Through the process of monitoring and proactive investigation, we strive to ensure no violation of our policies, Code of Integrity or law has occurred or will occur; however, we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Total number of shares Approximate dollar value Total number Average purchased as part of shares that may yet of shares price paid of publicly announced be purchased under the plans Period purchased per share plans or programs or programs (in millions (a) July 2024 3,835 August 2024 3,835 September 2024 3,835 Total 3,835 

 (a) In May 2009, at our annual general meeting, shareholders approved and authorized our board of directors, at its discretion, to repurchase for cancellation any amount of our shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to CHF 3.50 billion. At September 30, 2024, the authorization remaining 

 - 27 - 

Table of Contents 
 under the share repurchase program was for the repurchase of our outstanding shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to CHF 3.24 billion, equivalent to 3.84 billion . The share repurchase program could be suspended or discontinued by our board of directors or company management, as applicable, at any time . Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information , , of Transocean, his Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933), which was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) (the Plan ). The Plan, which was adopted on December 19, 2023, provided for the sale of up to Transocean Ltd. shares through the earlier of Plan s expiration on December 19, 2024, the completion of all authorized transactions thereunder or the termination of the Plan, in each case in accordance with the terms thereof. Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed or furnished, as the case may be, in connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q: 

Number Description Location 3.1 Articles of Association of Transocean Ltd. Exhibit 3.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on June 28, 2024 3.2 Organizational Regulations of Transocean Ltd., amended effective as of August 15, 2024 E xhibit 3.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on August 20, 2024 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished herewith 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) our condensed consolidated statements of equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements Filed herewith 104 The cover page from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language Filed herewith 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 
 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, on October 31, 2024. TRANSOCEAN LTD. 

By: /s/ Robert Thaddeus Vayda Robert Thaddeus Vayda Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Jason Pack Jason Pack Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 - 29 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rig-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Exhibit 31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeremy D. Thigpen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Transocean Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Jeremy D. Thigpen Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rig-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Exhibit 31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert Thaddeus Vayda, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Transocean Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Robert Thaddeus Vayda Robert Thaddeus Vayda Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rig-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Jeremy D. Thigpen, Chief Executive Officer of Transocean Ltd., a Swiss corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: (1) the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Jeremy D. Thigpen Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 rig-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Robert Thaddeus Vayda, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Transocean Ltd., a Swiss corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: (1) the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Robert Thaddeus Vayda Robert Thaddeus Vayda Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rig-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rig-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rig-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rig-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

