<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1714899_0001714899-24-000216.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6799511</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352164</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1273060</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2152278</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1581199</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1310263</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001714899-24-000216.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001714899-24-000216
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Denali Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001714899
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				463872213
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38311
		FILM NUMBER:		241431226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 OYSTER POINT BLVD.
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 866-8548

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 OYSTER POINT BLVD.
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001714899-24-000216.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 dnli-20240930.htm
 10-Q

dnli-20240930 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 . 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during t he preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of October 30, 2024 was . This number does not include shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants outstanding as of October 30, 2024 (which are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 0.01 per share of common stock, subject to beneficial ownership limitations) sold in the registrant s private placement in February 2024. See Note 7 Common Stock to the registrant s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 105 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 106 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 106 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 106 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 107 
 Signatures 
 108 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term marketable securities Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Finance lease right-of-use asset Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued clinical and other research and development costs Accrued manufacturing costs Accrued compensation Operating lease liability, current Deferred research and development funding liability, current Other accrued costs and current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liability, less current portion Finance lease liability, less current portion Deferred research funding and development liability, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue: Collaboration revenue from customers (1) 
 Total collaboration revenue Operating expenses: Research and development (2) 
 General and administrative Total operating expenses Gain from divestiture of small molecule programs Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax 
 Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants, net of issuance costs of K 
 Issuances under equity incentive plans Vesting of restricted stock units ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuances under equity incentive plans Vesting of restricted stock units ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuances under equity incentive plans Vesting of restricted stock units ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuances under equity incentive plans 
 Vesting of restricted stock units ) Stock-based compensation 
 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities 
 Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock based compensation expense Net accretion of discounts on marketable securities ) ) Non-cash adjustment to operating lease expense 
 ) ) Right-of-use asset amortization for finance lease 
 Non-cash gain from divestiture of small molecule programs ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable Accruals and other current liabilities ) Related-party contract liability ) Deferred research and development funding liability, less current portion Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities 
 Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Maturities and sales of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants, net of issuance costs of K 
 Proceeds from exercise of awards under equity incentive plans Payments for finance lease right-of-use asset ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 
 Increase in right-of-use asset due to lessor assets Non-cash recognition of new finance lease Cash paid for finance lease interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Equity consideration received in the divestiture of small molecule programs (Note 10) Property and equipment purchases accrued but not yet paid 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the only material change to the Company's significant accounting and financial reporting policies from those reflected in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K was the addition of accounting policies related to the finance lease included herein. For further information with regard to the remainder of the Company s Significant Accounting Policies, please refer to Note 1, "Significant Accounting Policies," to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 off-balance sheet concentrations of credit risk. 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of risks similar to other clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies, including, but not limited to, the need to obtain adequate additional funding, possible failure of current or future preclinical testing or clinical trials, its reliance on third parties to conduct its clinical trials, the need to obtain regulatory and marketing approvals for its product candidates, competitors developing new technological innovations, the need to successfully commercialize and gain market acceptance of the Company s product candidates, its right to develop and commercialize its product candidates pursuant to the terms and conditions of the licenses granted to the Company, protection of proprietary technology, the ability to make milestone, royalty or other payments due under any license or collaboration agreements, and the need to secure and maintain adequate manufacturing arrangements with third parties. If the Company does not successfully commercialize or partner any of its product candidates, it will be unable to generate product revenue or achieve profitability. Further, the company is also subject to broad market risks and uncertainties resulting from recent events, such as bank failures or instability in the financial services sector, global pandemics, war and armed conflicts, inflation, rising interest rates, and recession risks as well as supply chain and labor shortages. 
 operating segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company s operations on a consolidated basis for the purposes of allocating resources. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million of restricted cash for the letter of credit for the Company s headquarters building lease which is included within other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

 12 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Short-term marketable securities: U.S. government treasuries Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Long-term marketable securities: U.S. government treasuries Corporate debt securities Total 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: 
 Cash equivalents: Money market funds Short-term marketable securities: U.S. government treasuries U.S. government agency securities Commercial paper Total 
 
 The Company s Level 2 securities are valued using third-party pricing sources. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
 The Company has not transferred any assets or liabilities between the fair value measurement levels for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 ) Corporate debt securities 
 Commercial paper 
 Total short-term marketable securities 
 ) Long-term marketable securities: 
 U.S. government treasuries (2) 
 ) Corporate debt securities 
 Total long-term marketable securities 
 ) Total 
 ) __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Unrealized holding losses on security with an aggregate fair value of million. 
 (2) Unrealized holding losses on security with an aggregate fair value of million. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Holding Gains Unrealized Holding Losses Aggregate Fair Value Short-term marketable securities: 
 U.S. government treasuries 
 U.S. government agency securities (1) 
 ) Commercial paper 
 Total 
 ) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Unrealized holding losses on securities with an aggregate fair value of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, some of the Company's marketable securities were in an unrealized loss position. The Company has t recognized an allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company determined that it had the ability and intent to hold all marketable securities that have been in a continuous loss position until maturity or recovery. Further, a majority of these marketable securities are held in U.S. government securities, and the remainder were initially, and continue to be, held with investment grade, high credit quality institutions. All marketable securities with unrealized losses as of each balance sheet date have been in a loss position for less than twelve months or the loss is not material. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company s marketable securities have an effective maturity of less than . 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 million in the aggregate consisting of up-front, preclinical, and clinical contingent consideration, all of which was recorded as research and development expense as incurred. This amount includes a million contingent consideration payment which was triggered and recorded as research and development expense in March 2023 upon the achievement of a specified clinical milestone in the ETV:IDS program. This contingent consideration payment fully satisfies the Company's clinical contingent consideration obligations under the Purchase Agreement. There was contingent consideration expense recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Collaboration and Development Funding Agreement 
 On January 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Collaboration and Development Funding Agreement with an unrelated third party, pursuant to which this third party will provide up to million of funding and collaborate with the Company to conduct a global Phase 2a study of BIIB122/DNL151 in patients with Parkinson s disease and confirmed pathogenic variants of LRRK2. 
 Pursuant to this agreement, an upfront payment of million was received in January 2024, and a further payment of million was received in July 2024, with the remainder to be paid upon achievement of operational milestones in the study. After the full million in consideration has been paid, the third party will be eligible to receive low single-digit royalties from the Company on annual worldwide net sales of LRRK2 inhibitors for the treatment of Parkinson s disease. 
 The Company determined that this arrangement is an R D funding arrangement under ASC 730. As the third party is sharing in the risk associated with research and development activities with the Company, the development funding is recognized as an obligation to perform contractual services. Accordingly, payments received will be recorded as a liability, and recognized by the Company as a reduction to research and development expenses over the estimated Phase 2a study period as the underlying research and development costs are incurred. R D funding under this arrangement of million and million offset research and development expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, million and million of current and non-current deferred research and development funding liability were recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 million option fee which was received in May 2023 and allocated to the material right in its entirety. 
 
 On July 26, 2024, Denali and Biogen executed a Side Letter to the ROFN and Option Agreement, pursuant to which, effective as of the date of the Side Letter, Biogen terminated its license to the ATV:Abeta program enabled by Denali s TfR-targeting technology against amyloid beta for the potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease, and granted Denali rights to data generated during the collaboration. The side letter also effected the immediate termination of the ROFN and Option Agreement; as such, the Company expects to receive future milestone or royalty payments from Biogen related to the ATV:Abeta program. There were no changes to the terms of the LRRK2 Agreement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 The Company has remaining performance obligations under the Biogen Collaboration Agreement, and therefore contract liability remained on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 . As of December 31, 2023, Biogen was no longer considered a related party as defined in ASC 850. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has t recorded milestone revenue or product sales under the Biogen Collaboration Agreement. 
 
 remaining performance obligations under the Sanofi Collaboration Agreement, and therefore contract liability remains on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had earned milestone payments of million and had t recorded any product sales under the Sanofi Collaboration Agreement. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 remaining performance obligations or potential payments remaining under the initial Takeda Collaboration Agreement. 
 The opt-in by Takeda on the PTV:PGRN and ATV:TREM2 programs represented new contracts with a customer for accounting purposes (the "PTV:PGRN Collaboration Agreement" and the "ATV:TREM2 Collaboration Agreement"), both of which became effective in December 2021. The details of the PTV:PGRN Collaboration Agreement and the ATV:TREM2 Collaboration Agreement are further described in Note 5, "Collaboration Agreements", to the consolidated financial statements in the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had earned an aggregate of million in option fee payments and million in milestone payments from Takeda under the PTV:PGRN and ATV:TREM2 Collaboration Agreements, and had t recorded any product sales under either agreement. 
 
 Total Takeda Collaboration Revenue Sanofi Collaboration Agreement CNS Program License (2) 
 Total Sanofi Collaboration Revenue Biogen Collaboration Agreement ATV:Abeta Program License (3) 
 Option Research Services (4) 
 Total Biogen Collaboration Revenue Total Collaboration Revenue 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from a specified clinical milestone in the Phase 1/2 study of DNL593 in patients with frontotemporal dementia-granulin (FTD-GRN). 
 (2) Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from a milestone payment triggered and received in January 2023 upon the commencement of dosing in a Phase 2 study of SAR443820/DNL788 in individuals with multiple sclerosis. 
 (3) Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was associated with Biogen exercising its option to license Denali s ATV:Abeta program which was previously concluded to be a material right, million of which was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period and million of which was an option exercise fee received in April 2023. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ATV:TREM2 cost sharing (reimbursements) 
 ) ) ) ) Total Takeda cost sharing (reimbursements) (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Biogen Collaboration Agreement: LRRK2 cost sharing payments (2) 
 Net cost sharing payments (reimbursements) 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) Cost sharing reimbursements of million and million were recorded as a receivable within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Cost sharing payments due to Biogen of million and million were recorded within accounts payable on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 
 million of accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 In April 2023, the Company entered into a lease in Salt Lake City (the SLC Lease for a square foot laboratory, office and warehouse premises with a contractual term of approximately years upon commencement, and undiscounted lease payments of approximately million, which was subsequently amended in October 2023. The accounting lease commencement date was determined to be August 1, 2024, the date the Company was deemed to have obtained control over the property, at which time the lease was determined to be a finance lease and the lease liability and ROU asset were recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Included in the ROU asset as of September 30, 2024 are million of assets purchased by the Company, which are considered to be owned by the landlord. 
 Management exercised judgment in applying the requirements of ASC 842, including the determination as to whether certain contracts contain a lease, lease classification, the lease consideration, the commencement date of the leases, and for leases identified under the standard, the discount rate used to determine the measurement of the lease liability. The discount rates of the Company's operating and finance leases are an approximation of the Company's incremental borrowing rate and are dependent upon the term and economics of the agreement. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate, management considers observable debt yields of comparable market instruments, as well as benchmarks within the lease agreement that may be indicative of the rate implicit in the lease. There were no changes to the terms of the leases recognized under ASC 842 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Operating lease costs were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Variable lease costs were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Finance lease costs representing amortization of ROU assets and interest on lease liability were million and million, respectively, for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was finance lease cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

19 

Table of Contents 

years years Finance lease 
 years Weighted-average discount rate applied ): 
 Operating lease Finance lease 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: present value adjustment ) Less: imputed interest ) Total future minimum lease payments 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred costs of million and million, respectively, and made payments of million and million, respectively, for the development and manufacturing services rendered under the DMSA. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred costs of million and million, respectively, and made payments of million and million, respectively, for the development and manufacturing services rendered under the DMSA. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into other firm purchase commitments primarily related to research and development activities. The Company had contractual obligations under certain clinical and manufacturing agreements other than the DMSA of million and million, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with certain amounts subject to cost sharing with Takeda. 

7. 
 shares of Denali's common stock at a price of per share and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Denali's common stock (the "Pre-Funded Warrants") at a purchase price of per Pre-Funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the common stock less the exercise price. The private placement closed on February 29, 2024, at which time the Company received aggregate net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting issuance costs of approximately million. 
 
 The Pre-Funded Warrants were classified as a component of permanent equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as they are freestanding financial instruments that are immediately exercisable, do not embody an obligation for the Company to repurchase its shares and permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock upon exercise. All of the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in the private placement were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 8. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 
 Restricted Stock Activity 
 Granted Vested and released ) Forfeited ) Unvested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative 
 Total 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 9. ) ) ) Denominator: 
 Weighted average number of: 
 Common stock shares outstanding 
 Private placement pre-funded warrants 
 Total 
 Net loss per share 
 Potentially dilutive securities, including options issued and outstanding, Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP shares issuable, and restricted shares subject to future vesting that were not included in the diluted per share calculations for the periods presented because they would be anti-dilutive totaled approximately million and million shares as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 million of equity in VBPC s next financing round or, if VBPC s next equity financing does not occur prior to December 31, 2024, a number of shares of preferred stock issued in VBPC s previous round of equity financing prior to this agreement equal to million divided by the price per share paid by investors in that previous equity financing. The Company may also be eligible to receive certain market valuation, development and sales based milestone payments up to approximately billion in the form of either cash or equity at the election of VBPC. The Company will also be entitled to receive future royalties on aggregate net sales of any products that bind to certain identified targets, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis during the periods of time commencing at the time of the first commercial sale of such product in such country, until the later of (i) the expiration of certain related patents, (ii) the expiration of Regulatory Exclusivity, or (iii) after such first commercial sale. 
 
 Concurrently, VBPC and the Company also entered into a sublease for square feet of office and lab space within the Company's corporate headquarters, and transition and research services agreement ("Service Agreements"). The sublease commenced in May 2024 and continues for a period of approximately , with optional extension periods. The Service Agreements allow Denali to provide access to equipment and provision of certain specified administrative and research services to VBPC for a period up to the end of the sublease term. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

million in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing the difference between the fair value of the consideration received and the carrying amount of the Divested Assets. 
 
 The Company recorded the SAFE at million based on the expected value of the equity to be received within other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The SAFE remains outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . This discussion and analysis and other parts of this report contain forward-looking statements based upon current beliefs, plans, and expectations related to future events and our future financial performance that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, such as statements regarding our intentions, plans, objectives, expectations, forecasts, and projections. Our actual results and the timing of selected events coul d differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 the progress, success, cost, and timing of our development activities, preclinical studies, and clinical trials, and in particular the development of our blood-brain barrier BBB platform technology, programs, and biomarkers, including the initiation and completion of studies or trials and related preparatory work, enrollment in such trials, the timing of when data from clinical trials will become available, the advancement of new molecule entities into clinical development and related timing, and the filing of investigational new drug applications or clinical trial applications; 
 
 the impact of preclinical findings on our ability to achieve exposures of our product candidates that allow us to explore a robust pharmacodynamic range of these candidates in humans; 
 
 the expected potential benefits and potential revenue resulting from strategic collaborations with third parties and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory, and commercialization expertise; 
 
 the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidate; 
 
 the extent to which any dosing limitations that we have been subject to, and/or may be subject to in the future, may affect the success of our product candidates; 
 
 the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; 
 
 the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us and our ability to license and/or acquire additional intellectual property relating to our product candidates and BBB platform technology; 
 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to develop and commercialize our current and potential future product candidates; 
 
 our plans and ability to establish sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we obtain approval; 
 
 future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, if approved for commercial use, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates; 
 
 existing regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 
 potential claims relating to our intellectual property and third-party intellectual property; 
 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 
 our plans and ability to develop our own manufacturing facilities; 
 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved and commercialized; 
 
 the success of competing products or platform technologies that are or may become available; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain key managerial, scientific, and medical personnel; 
 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; 
 
 our ability to enhance operational, financial, and information management systems; 
 
 the impact of adverse economic conditions such as instability in the financial services sector, rising interest rates, rising inflation, and increased labor market competition; 
 
 the impact of increased geopolitical uncertainty, a pandemic or other global health emergency, and related global economic disruptions and social conditions on our business; 
 
 expectations regarding the intended use of proceeds from our February 2024 Private Investment in Public Equity ("PIPE") financing; and 
 
 our financial performance. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors. In some cases, you can identify these statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expects, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would, or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail in the section entitled Risk Factors included in Part II, Item 1A and elsewhere in this report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 
 Our goal is to discover, develop and deliver therapeutics to defeat degeneration. 
 
 Our discovery and development strategy is guided by three overarching principles that we believe will significantly increase the probability of success and accelerate the timing to bring effective therapeutics to people living with neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases : 
 
 Degenogenes: Genetic Pathway Realization each of our programs addresses a molecular target or biological pathway that is genetically validated to cause or increase the risk for neurodegenerative diseases. 
 
 Brain Delivery: Validation and Optionality we engineer our product candidates to cross the BBB and act directly in the brain. Our proprietary transport vehicle ("TV") platform technology is designed to effectively deliver large therapeutic molecules, such as enzymes, proteins, antibodies, and oligonucleotides, across the BBB after intravenous administration. 
 
 Biomarker-Driven Development and Approval we discover, develop and use biomarkers to inform dose selection, assess clinical activity, and identify patients most likely to respond to our therapies. We are actively engaged in discussions with health authorities regarding the potential use of biomarkers as primary clinical endpoints to support faster paths to approval. 
 
 Ou r late and mid-stage clinic al programs are as follows: 
 Tividenofusp alfa (DNL310, ETV:IDS), our lead enzyme replacement therapy ("ERT") program enabled by our Enzyme Transport Vehicle ("ETV"), is designed to cross the BBB and restore Iduronate 2-sulfatase ("IDS") and reduce glycosaminoglycans ("GAGs"), both peripherally and in the brain, in individuals with mucopolysaccharidosis II ("MPS II" or "Hunter syndrome"); 
 
 DNL343, our eukaryotic initiation factor 2 B ("eIF2B") activator program to address diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ("ALS") and frontotemporal dementia ("FTD"); 
 
 BIIB122/DNL151, our leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 ("LRRK2") inhibitor program, being developed in collaboration with Biogen, to address Parkinson s disease ("PD"); and 
 
 Eclitasertib (SAR443122/DNL758), a peripheral and non-CNS penetrant RIPK1 inhibitor, being developed in collaboration with Sanofi, to address peripheral inflammatory diseases such as ulcerative colitis ("UC"). 
 Ou r early-stage clinic al programs are as follows: 
 DNL126 (ETV:SGSH), our second most advanced ETV enabled program, which is designed to restore lysosomal activity of N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase ("SGSH"), an enzyme responsible for degrading heparan sulfates in the lysosome, in individuals with MPS IIIA (Sanfilippo syndrome Type A); and 
 TAK-594/DNL593 (PTV:PGRN), our recombinant progranulin ("PGRN") biotherapeutic enabled by our Protein Transport Vehicle ("PTV"), being developed in collaboration with Takeda, to address frontotemporal dementia-granulin ("FTD-GRN"), or frontotemporal dementia due to loss of function mutations in the GRN gene. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes key information about our clinical stage programs: 
 Program Product Candidate Clinical Study(ies) Indication Operational Control ETV:IDS tividenofusp alfa, or DNL310 
 Ph 1/2 
 Hunter syndrome (MPS II) Denali Ph 2/3 
 eIF2B DNL343 Ph 1b ALS Denali Ph 2/3 ALS Joint with Healey Center LRRK2 BIIB122/DNL151 Ph 2a 
 Parkinson's disease Denali 
 Ph 2b 
 Joint with Biogen 
 RIPK1 (Peripheral) eclitasertib, or SAR443122/DNL758 
 Ph 2 UC 
 Sanofi ETV:SGSH DNL126 Ph 1/2 
 Sanfilippo syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA) Denali PTV:PGRN 
 TAK-594/DNL593 Ph 1/2 
 FTD-GRN 
 Joint with Takeda 
 
 Since we commenced operations, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to discovering, acquiring and developing product candidates, building our BBB platform technology and assembling our core capabilities in understanding key neurodegenerative disease pathways. 
 
 Key operational and financing milestones in 2024 to date include: 
 
 In January 2024, we announced that enrollment continues in the global Phase 2/3 COMPASS study and is expected to be completed in 2024. In February, we presented new positive data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 study of tividenofusp alfa in MPS II at the 20th Annual WORLD Symposium TM demonstrating sustained normalization of heparan sulfate in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF HS), robust and sustained reductions in biomarkers of lysosomal dysfunction and neuronal damage (NfL; neurofilament light), and improvements and stabilization of multiple clinical outcomes measures over two years of treatment. Also in February, we participated in the Reagan-Udall Foundation for the FDA workshop on CSF HS as a potential surrogate biomarker to support accelerated approval in MPS. In April, we completed enrollment of 47 participants with MPS II in the Phase 1/2 open-label study. Following the Reagan-Udall Foundation workshop, we received written communication from the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research ("CDER") division of the FDA indicating openness to discussing an accelerated approval pathway for tividenofusp alfa in MPS II with cerebrospinal fluid heparan sulfate (CSF HS) as a surrogate biomarker. In September 2024, we announced that we plan to file a biologics license application (BLA) for accelerated approval for tividenofusp alpha (DNL310) for the treatment of MPS II (Hunter syndrome), based on the outcome of a recent successful meeting with the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) division of the FDA. In addition, the meeting also provides a path for conversion to full approval based on the totality of the tividenofusp clinical development plan. Based on discussions with CDER, we will include preclinical and clinical data on biomarkers (CSF HS and neurofilament light (NfL)) and safety in the BLA for tividenofusp alfa as a treatment of MPS II and intend to submit the BLA under the accelerated approval pathway in early 2025; 
 
 In January 2024, we announced that Part B in the TAK-594/DNL593 Phase 1/2 study in participants with FTD-GRN had been voluntarily paused to implement protocol modifications. In the second quarter of 2024, we finalized the protocol amendment for the Phase 1/2 study and screening of participants for Cohort B2 is ongoing ; 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 In January 2024, we announced our intention to divest our preclinical small molecule portfolio, which was completed effective March 1, 2024. We will maintain ownership of, and continue to advance, our current portfolio of clinical stage small molecule programs. The decision was made based on clinical validation and prioritization of our TV-enabled platforms for brain delivery of large molecules; 
 
 In February 2024, we announced that dosing had been initiated in the Phase 1/2 study of DNL126 in MPS IIIA. Further, in February 2024, we presented supportive preclinical data at WORLD Symposium TM demonstrating that DNL126 improves lysosomal and microglial morphology, degeneration, and cognitive behavior in MPS IIIA mice. In June 2024, DNL126 was selected for the FDA's Support for clinical Trials Advancing Rare disease Therapeutics (START) program to accelerate the development of rare disease therapeutics. In November, we announced that preliminary data from up to 25 weeks of dosing in the ongoing open-label Phase 1/2 study in MPS IIIA participants demonstrate a significant reduction in CSF HS levels from baseline, including normalization. The safety profile supports continued development. The most frequent treatment emergent adverse events were infusion related reactions of mild and moderate severity in all participants. There was one serious adverse event considered by the investigator not related to drug. Based on the preliminary Phase 1/2 results and a positive regulatory environment, we recently expanded the study and continue to assess the development plans including an accelerated approval path; 
 
 In February 2024, we announced that the Phase 2 HIMALAYA study evaluating SAR443820/DNL788 in participants with ALS did not meet the primary endpoint of change in ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R). In October 2024, we were informed by Sanofi that the K2 Phase 2 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of SAR443820/DNL788 on serum neurofilament light chain levels in participants with multiple sclerosis was discontinued based on not meeting the primary and key secondary endpoints; 
 
 In February 2024, we announced that we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain existing accredited investors for the private placement of 3,244,689 shares of our common stock at a price of 17.07 per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,046,065 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 17.06 per pre-funded warrant, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 499.3 million. The pre-funded warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per share of Common Stock, and are immediately exercisable and will remain exercisable until exercised in full. The private placement closed on February 29, 2024, subject to customary closing conditions; 
 
 In February 2024, we announced that we executed a Collaboration and Development Funding Agreement in January 2024 with a third party related to a global Phase 2a study of BIIB122/DNL151, which we plan to solely operationalize to evaluate safety and biomarkers associated with BIIB122/DNL151 in participants with Parkinson s disease and confirmed pathogenic variants of LRRK2. This agreement includes committed funding of 75.0 million, of which 12.5 million was received in January 2024 and 12.5 million was received in July 2024, with the remainder to be triggered based on operational milestones in the study. The third party will be eligible to receive low single-digit royalties from Denali on annual worldwide net sales of LRRK2 inhibitors for the treatment of Parkinson s disease, with royalty amounts varying based on the scope of the label. Denali has initiated screening of participants for the global Phase 2a study to evaluate safety and biomarkers associated with BIIB122/DNL151 in participants with Parkinson s disease and confirmed pathogenic variants of LRRK2. Biogen will continue to conduct the ongoing global Phase 2b LUMA study in early-stage Parkinson s disease. Denali and Biogen will co-commercialize BIIB122/DNL151 assuming regulatory approval; 
 
 In May 2024, the Sean M. Healey AMG Center for ALS at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in collaboration with the Northeast ALS Consortium (NEALS) announced that enrollment is complete in Regimen G (DNL343) of the Phase 2/3 HEALEY ALS Platform Trial; and 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In July 2024, Biogen terminated its license to the ATV:Abeta program enabled by our TfR-targeting technology against amyloid beta for the potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease and granted us rights to data generated during the collaboration. As a result of the termination, all rights to develop, manufacture, perform medical affairs activities, and commercialize new TfR-targeting ATV:Abeta therapeutics reverted to us. Biogen licensed our TfR-targeting ATV:Abeta program in April 2023 having exercised an option that was part of the 2020 collaboration agreement between the two companies. Biogen s decision was not related to any efficacy or safety concerns with the TV platform. 
 We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any product revenue since our inception. We have funded our operations primarily from the issuance and sale of convertible preferred stock, the sale of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in public offerings and private placements, and payments received from our collaboration and funding agreements with Takeda, Sanofi, Biogen and other third parties. 
 
 We have incurred significant operating losses to date and expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. We had net losses of 107.2 million and 308.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net losses of 99.4 million and 25.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit o f 1.42 billion. Our ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candida tes. We e xpect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses as we advance our current clinical stage programs through healthy volunteer and patient trials; broaden and improve our BBB platform technology; acquire, discover, validate and develop additional product candidates; obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; and hire additional personnel. 
 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future. All revenue recognized to date has been collaboration and license revenue from our collaboration agreements with Takeda, Sanofi and Biogen. 
 Future revenue may be recognized from the Takeda Collaboration Agreement, Sanofi Collaboration Agreement, and Biogen Collaboration Agreement, and may be generated from product sales or milestone payments, royalties and profit sharing reimbursement from other collaboration agreements, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We expect that our revenue will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, option exercise fees, milestone payments, profit sharing reimbursement, other payments and product sales, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, would be materially adversely affected. 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development activities account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We record research and development expenses as incurred. Research and development expenses incurred by us for the discovery and development of our product candidates and BBB platform technology include: 
 
 external research and development expenses, including: 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations ("CROs"), preclinical testing organizations, contract development and manufacturing organizations ("CDMOs"), academic and non-profit institutions and consultants; 
 
 expenses to acquire technologies to be used in research and development that have not reached technological feasibility and have no alternative future use; 
 
 fees related to our license and collaboration agreements; 
 
 personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense; and 
 
 other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for laboratory, facilities and other costs. 
 
 A portion of our research and development expenses are direct external expenses, which we track on a program-specific basis once a program has commenced late-stage IND-enabling studies. 
 
 Program expenses include expenses associated with our most advanced product candidates and the discovery and development of backup or next-generation molecules. We also track external expenses associated with our TV platform. These expenses include external expenses incurred by us relating to our Takeda Collaboration Agreement, Sanofi Collaboration Agreement a nd Biogen Collaboration Agreement. Al l external costs associated with earlier stage programs, or that benefit the entire portfolio, are tracked as a group. We also incur personnel and other operating expenses for our research and development programs which are presented in aggregate. These expenses primarily relate to salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation, facility expenses including rent and depreciation, and lab consumables. Where we share costs with our collaboration partners, such as in our Biogen Collaboration Agreement and Takeda Collaboration Agreement , research and development expenses may include cost sharing reimbursements from, or payments to, our collaboration partners. Further, where we receive R D funding from third parties, this may be recognized as a reduction to research and development expenses. 
 
 It is challenging to predict the nature, timing and estimated long-range costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, any of our product candidates. This is made more challenging by events outside of our control, such as global pandemics and increased geopolitical uncertainty. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales or licensing of our product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, including the uncertainty of: 
 
 our ability to add and retain key research and development personnel; 
 
 our ability to establish an appropriate safety profile with IND-enabling toxicology studies; 
 
 our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize, our product candidates; 
 
 our successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 
 
 the costs associated with the development of any additional product candidates we identify in-house or acquire through collaborations; 
 
 our ability to discover, develop and utilize biomarkers to demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement and the impact on disease progression of our molecules; 
 
 our ability to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if our product candidates are approved; 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 the terms and timing of any collaboration, license or other arrangement, including the terms and timing of any milestone payments thereunder; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates if and when approved; 
 
 our receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 
 our ability to commercialize products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
 
 the continued acceptable safety profiles of the product candidates following approval. 
 
 A change in any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that product candidate. We expect our research and development expenses to increase at least over the next several years as we continue to implement our business strategy, advance our current programs, expand our research and development efforts, seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, access and develop additional product candidates and incur expenses associated with hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts. In addition, product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally incur higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses include personnel related expenses, such as salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense, expenses for outside professional services and allocated expenses. Outside professional services consist of legal, accounting and audit services and other consulting fees. Allocated expenses consist of rent, depreciation and other expenses related to our office and research and development facility not otherwise included in research and development expenses. We expect to increase our administrative headcount as we advance our product candidates through clinical development, which will increase our general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Gain from divestiture of small molecule programs 
 
 The gain from the divestiture of small molecule programs consists entirely of the non-cash gain associated with the divestiture of assets associated with select preclinical small molecule programs, including specified intellectual property, tangible assets and equipment used to conduct early stage small molecule drug discovery from the Company, in exchange for equity consideration. 
 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 
 Interest and other income, net , consists pr imarily of interest income and investment income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as sublease income and interest on our finance lease liability. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth the significant components of our results of operations (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue: Collaboration revenue from customers 
 1,267 (1,267) Total collaboration revenue 
 1,267 (1,267) Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 98,238 89,737 8,501 9 General and administrative 
 24,949 25,325 (376) (1) Total operating expenses 
 123,187 115,062 8,125 7 Loss from operations (123,187) (113,795) (9,392) 8 Interest and other income, net 
 15,995 14,442 1,553 11 Net loss (107,192) (99,353) (7,839) 8 
 __________________________________________________ 
 Percentage is not meaningful. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue: Collaboration revenue from customers 
 330,531 (330,531) Total collaboration revenue 
 330,531 (330,531) Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 296,653 316,073 (19,420) (6) General and administrative 
 75,379 78,585 (3,206) (4) Total operating expenses 
 372,032 394,658 (22,626) (6) Gain from divestiture of small molecule programs 14,537 14,537 Loss from operations (357,495) (64,127) (293,368) Interest and other income, net 
 49,475 38,376 11,099 29 Net loss (308,020) (25,751) (282,269) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 Percentage is not meaningful. 
 
 Collaboration revenue. There was no collaboration revenue for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 1.3 million and 330.5 million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 was primarily due to activities under the Biogen Collaboration Agreement. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease of 293.9 million in revenue recognized in April 2023 under the Biogen Collaboration Agreement as a result of Biogen exercising its option to license our ATV:Abeta program, as well as decreases of revenue earned under the Takeda of 10.0 million and Sanofi Collaboration Agreements of 25.0 million received due to clinical milestones. 
 
 Research and development expen ses. Research and development expenses were 98.2 million and 296.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 89.7 million and 316.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by program and category (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 ETV:IDS program external expenses 22,840 20,388 73,639 87,674 ETV:SGSH program external expenses 3,435 1,792 10,474 6,417 PTV:PGRN program external expenses 2,500 1,889 6,145 8,107 TV platform and other program external expenses 
 8,534 2,105 16,416 11,865 LRRK2 program external expenses 2,051 1,049 4,133 3,867 eIF2B program external expenses 7,702 4,971 24,219 14,866 Other external research and development expenses 
 3,539 6,451 13,182 19,839 Personnel related expenses (1) 
 35,318 39,578 111,699 119,640 Other unallocated research and development expenses 
 11,291 10,931 31,823 38,693 Net cost sharing and research and development funding payments (2) 
 1,028 583 4,923 5,105 Total research and development expenses 
 98,238 89,737 296,653 316,073 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Personnel related expenses include stock-based compensation expense of 14.1 million and 44.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 15.8 million and 47.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, reflecting decreases of 1.7 million and 3.0 million, respectively. 
 (2) The breakdown of net cost sharing, and research and development funding payments is shown in the table below. The underlying costs for reimbursements and research and development funding are included with the specified external expenses line and personnel related expenses in the table above. ATV:TREM2 program external expenses are presented within the TV platform and other program external expenses line. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Takeda: net reimbursements for PTV:PGRN program (1,211) (1,777) (3,549) (5,120) Takeda: net reimbursements for ATV:TREM2 program 
 (208) (1,018) (936) (4,279) Biogen: net payments for LRRK2 program 
 4,965 3,378 14,194 14,504 LRRK2 research and development funding 
 (2,518) (4,786) Net cost sharing payments and research and development funding payments 
 1,028 583 4,923 5,105 
 
 The increase in research and development expenses of approximately 8.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the following: 
 Increases in costs in various clinical stage programs, including of eIF2B 2.7 million), ETV:IDS 2.5 million), ETV:SGSH 1.6 million), LRRK2 1.0 million) and PTV:PGRN 0.6 million) reflecting the continued progress of these programs in clinical trials; and 
 An increase of 6.4 million in TV platform and other program external expenses, reflecting our continued investment in our TV-enabled product candidates. 
 These increases were partially offset by a decrease 4.3 million in personnel related expenses due to decreases in salary and stock-based compensation expenses due to decreased headcount, primarily as a result of the divestiture of our preclinical small molecule programs in March 2024, and a decrease of 2.9 million in other external research and development expenses associated with the divestiture of our preclinical small molecule programs. 
 The decrease in research and development expenses of approximately 19.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the following: 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 a decrease of 14.0 million in ETV:IDS program external expenses due to 30.0 million in milestone-related expense in the first quarter of 2023 pursuant to our acquisition of F-star Gamma, which was triggered by a clinical milestone for the ETV:IDS program. This decrease was partially offset by increased spend in 2024 related to our ongoing Phase 1/2 study and our potentially registrational Phase 2/3 study; 
 decreases of 7.9 million and 6.9 million in personnel related expenses and other unallocated research and development expenses, respectively, primarily as a result of the divestiture of our preclinical small molecule programs in March 2024; 
 a decrease of 2.0 million in PTV:PGRN program external expenses as the TAK-594/DNL593 (PTV:PGRN) Phase 1/2 study was previously voluntarily paused; and 
 a decrease of 6.7 million in other external research and development expenses primarily due to elevated facility costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements associated with the termination of the former SLC Lease. 
 These decreases were partially offset by increases of 9.4 million and 4.1 million in eIF2B and ETV:SGSH program external expenses, respectively, reflecting the continued progress of these programs in clinical trials, and an increase of 4.6 million in TV platform and other program external expenses, reflecting our continued investment in our TV-enabled product candidates. 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expense was 24.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 25.3 million for the same period in 2023. 
 General and administrative expenses were 75.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 78.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 3.2 million was primarily attributable to 2.5 million of combined decreases in professional services and facilities costs, and 1.8 million of decreased personnel-related expenses consisting of employee compensation and stock-based compensation expenses as a result of the divestiture of our preclinical small molecule programs in March 2024, partially offset by an increase of 1.1 million in other corporate costs. 
 Gain from divestiture of small molecule programs. For a full description, see Item 2. Components of Operating Results included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in the amount of 1.28 billion. We fund our operations primarily with the proceeds from the sale of common stock and payments received from our collaboration partners, including those received under agreements with Takeda, Sanofi, and Biogen. We have sold common stock and other securities in public offerings, a private placement, and stock purchase agreements with Takeda and Biogen. 
 Through September 30, 2024 we have obtained aggregate net proceeds of approximately 754.4 million from public offerings of our common stock, including 296.2 million obtained through the sale of 11.9 million shares of common stock in October 2022. Under stock purchase agreements with collaboration partners we have received a further 575.0 million through September 30, 2024 . 
 Further, in February 2024 we received net proceeds of approximately 499.3 million from our private placement through the sale of approximately 3.2 million shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase a pproximately 26.0 million shares of our common stock . 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In February 2022, we established a registered at-the-market facility for the sale of up to 400.0 million of shares of common stock from time to time by entering into an equity distribution agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Leerink Partners LLC (formerly SVB Securities LLC) and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. as sales agents. To date, no shares have been sold under the equity distribution agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to our collaboration and research and development funding agreements with Takeda, Sanofi, Biogen and an unrelated third party, through September 30, 2024 we have received upfront, option and milestone payments of 115.0 million , 225.0 million, 565.0 million and 25.0 million, respectively, and have also received 47.2 million and 16.2 million of gross cost sharing reimbursements from Takeda and Biogen, respectively, and received 13.7 million in specified reimbursements from Sanofi. 
 Future Funding Requirements and Commitments 
 
 To date, we have not generated any product revenue. We do not expect to generate any product revenue unless and until we obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize any of our product candidates, and we do not know when, or if, either will occur. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect the losses to increase as we expand our research and development activities and continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products. Further, we expect general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to incur additional costs associated with supporting our growing operations. We are subject to all of the risks typically related to the development of new product candidates, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. 
 Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue from the commercialization of our product candidates or from our existing collaboration agreements, or future agreements with other third parties, if ever, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity or debt financings. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities, it could result in dilution to our existing stockholders, increased fixed payment obligations and the existence of securities with rights that may be senior to those of our common stock. If we incur indebtedness, we could become subject to covenants that would restrict our operations and potentially impair our competitiveness, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Additionally, any future collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. Any of the foregoing could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations. We have an accumulated deficit of 1.42 billion through September 30, 2024. We expect to incur substantial additional losses in the future as we conduct and expand our research and development activities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to enable us to fund our projected operations through at least the twelve months following the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our existing commitments as outlined below. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. In the longer term, we anticipate that we will need substantial additional resources to fund our operations and meet future commitments. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Our existing commitments primarily relate to our obligations under existing lease agreements, and certain clinical and manufacturing agreements, including the DMSA with Lonza Sales AG ("Lonza") for the development and manufacture of biologic products. As of September 30, 2024, the operating lease liability was 46.9 million and the finance lease liability was 5.7 million. Under the DMSA with Lonza, and certain other clinical and manufacturing agreements, we had total non-refundable purchase commitments as of September 30, 2024 of 49.0 million, with certain amounts subject to cost sharing with Takeda. While the lease obligations span multiple years, the majority of the purchase commitments with Lonza and other clinical and manufacturing agreements are due within twelve months, with some spanning several years. These commitments are more fully described in Note 6 - Commitments and Contingencies of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 
 Our future funding requirements, including changes to and new commitments, will depend on many factors, including: 
 
 the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 
 
 the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 
 
 the progress of the development efforts of third parties with whom we have entered into license and collaboration agreements; 
 
 our ability to maintain our current research and development programs and to establish new research and development, license or collaboration arrangements; 
 
 our ability and success in securing manufacturing relationships with third parties or in establishing and operating a manufacturing facility; 
 
 the costs involved in prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property claims; 
 
 the cost and timing of regulatory approvals; 
 
 our efforts to enhance operational, financial and information management systems and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our product candidates; and 
 
 the costs and ongoing investments to in-license and/or acquire additional technologies. 
 
 A change in the outcome of any of these or other variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. Furthermore, our operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the primary sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (263,979) (259,334) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (260,963) 176,261 Net cash provided by financing activities 488,472 13,115 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (36,470) (69,958) 
 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 264.0 million, which consisted of a net loss of 308.0 million, adjusted by non-cash items primarily related to stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, net accretion of discounts on marketable securities, non-cash rent expenses, and the non-cash gain on divestiture of small molecule programs. Cash used in operating activities was also driven by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 
 Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Investing Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 261.0 million, which consisted of 1.06 billion of purchases of marketable securities and 10.8 million of capital expenditures to purchase property and equipment, partially offset by 806.1 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities. 
 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities was 488.5 million which consisted of 499.3 million of net proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in a private placement in February 2024 and 13.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the Company's ESPP, partially offset by an aggregate of 24.0 million of payments related to our finance lease. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues recognized and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are described in detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. In our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, we described the accounting estimates that we believe involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty which could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There have been no material changes to these critical accounting estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 There have been no new accounting pronouncements or changes to accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , as compared to the recent accounting pronouncements described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, that are of significance or potential significance to us. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, primarily related to interest rate and foreign currency sensitivities. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 1.28 billion as of September 30, 2024, which consisted primarily of money market funds and marketable securities, largely composed of investment grade, short to intermediate term fixed income securities. 
 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital to fund our operations. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant risk. To achieve our objectives, we maintain a portfolio of investments in a variety of securities of high credit quality and short-term duration, according to our board-approved investment policy. Our investments are subject to interest rate risk and could fall in value if market interest rates increase. A hypothetical 10 relative change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Foreign Currency Sensitivity 
 
 The majority of our transactions occur in U.S. dollars. However, we do have certain transactions that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Euro, Swiss Franc and British Pound, and we therefore are subject to foreign exchange risk. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies affects the reported amounts of expenses, assets and liabilities primarily associated with a limited number of preclinical, clinical and manufacturing activities. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating and Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating and Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024 , the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management attention and resources and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in t his Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, incl uding our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 This summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to. These risks are described more fully in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We are in the clinical stages of drug development and have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking. We have never generated any revenue from product sales, and may never do so. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. 
 A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or the perception of its effects, may materially and adversely affect our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 We are heavily dependent on the successful development of our BBB technology and the programs currently in our pipeline, which are in the preclinical and clinical development stages. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. 
 We have concentrated a substantial portion of our efforts on the treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases , fields that have seen limited success in drug development. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the timelines we expect, if at all. 
 We may encounter difficulties enrolling and/or retaining patients in our clinical trials, and our clinical development activities could thereby be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 Our clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, toxicities, or other side effects and may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy or potency of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 We face significant competition and our operating results may suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, European Medicines Agency ("EMA") and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue. 
 We currently conduct clinical trials outside the United States, and the FDA, EMA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. 
 To the extent we seek orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates, we may be unable to obtain such designations or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug status. 
 Healthcare legislative measures aimed at reducing healthcare costs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, information security policies, and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development and commercialization of certain product candidates. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 Our reliance on third parties for the manufacture of the significant majority of the materials for our research programs, preclinical studies and clinical trials. This reliance on third parties may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such materials or product candidates. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in our manufacturing, and the loss of these suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials could harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates or our BBB technology, our competitors could develop and commercialize products or technology similar or identical to ours, and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any product candidates. 
 If any of our owned or in-licensed patent applications do not issue as patents in any jurisdiction, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Our rights to develop and commercialize our BBB technology and product candidates are subject, in part, to the terms of licenses granted to us by others or licenses granted by us to others. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated if we are unable to comply with requirements imposed by government patent agencies. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could impair our ability to protect our products. 
 Issued patents covering our BBB technology, product candidates and other technologies could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our intellectual property. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business would be harmed. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining, through acquisitions, in-licenses, or otherwise, necessary rights to our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers. 
 Third-party intellectual property claims against us, our licensors or our collaborators may prevent or delay the development of our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 If we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 We have engaged in and may in the future engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, which may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, or cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our collaborators, CROs or other contractors, may fail or suffer security breaches or incidents that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such systems and data, expose us to liability, and affect our reputation. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with international operations. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 If securities analysts publish negative evaluations of our stock, or if they do not publish research or reports about our business; the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our charter documents might prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management, depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides exclusive forums for disputes between us and our stockholders, limiting their ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We are in the clinical stages of drug development and have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our business and predict our future success and viability. 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, focused on developing therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, and ALS, and lysosomal storage diseases , including Hunter syndrome and Sanfilippo syndrome. We commenced operations in May 2015 , have no products approved for commercial sale, and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Our clinical-stage programs are in various phases ranging from Phase 1 through Phase 3. To date, we have not completed a pivotal clinical trial, obtained marketing approval for any product candidat es, manufactured a commercial scale product or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our limited operating history makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception. Our net losses were 107.2 million and 308.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net losses of 99.4 million and 25.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 , we had an accumulated deficit of 1.42 billion . 
 
 We have invested significant financial resources in research and development activities, including for our preclinical and clinical product candidates and our TV platform. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales for several years, if at all. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of our future expenditures and revenue. Moreover, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasingly higher operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 
 continue our research and discovery activities; 
 
 progress our current and any future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; 
 
 initiate and conduct additional preclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates; 
 
 work with our contract manufacturers to scale up the manufacturing processes for our product candidates or establish and operate a manufacturing facility; 
 
 change or add additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; 
 
 seek regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 
 
 establish sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; 
 
 make milestone, royalty or other payments due under any license or collaboration agreements; 
 
 obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property portfolio, including intellectual property obtained through license agreements; 
 
 attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel and incur increased stock-based compensation, especially in light of a competitive compensation environment; 
 
 provide additional internal infrastructure to support our continued research and development operations and any planned commercialization efforts in the future; 
 
 implement additional internal systems and infrastructure related to cybersecurity; 
 
 experience any delays or encounter other issues related to our operations; 
 
 meet the requirements and demands of being a public company; 
 
 defend against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products; and 
 
 build clinical manufacturing capabilities and capacity. 
 
 Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have never generated any revenue from product sales, and we may never generate product revenue or be profitable. 
 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. To obtain revenue from the sales of our product candidates that are significant or large enough to achieve pr ofitability, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, and marketing therapies with significant commercial success. 
 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on many factors, including: 
 
 successfully prioritizing and completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 
 
 obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development and clinical trials; 
 
 developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, including those that utilize our TV platform, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand of our product candidates; 
 
 identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new product candidates; 
 
 negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure; 
 
 obtaining and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; 
 
 obtaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates from payors; 
 
 obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; 
 
 addressing any competing technological and market developments; 
 
 receiving milestone and other payments under our current and any future collaboration arrangements; 
 
 maintaining, protecting, expanding, and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights; 
 
 attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel; 
 
 general economic conditions, including conditions resulting from rising inflation and interest rates, recent bank failures and instability in the financial services sector, geopolitical uncertainty, and instability or war; and 
 
 addressing any delays in our clinical trials or other impacts from a pandemic or other global health emergency. 
 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA, or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our current or our future collaborators clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. 
 
 Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. Revenue from the sale of any product candidate for which regulatory approval is obtained will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product, the ability to get reimbursement at any price, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of addressable patients is not as significant as we anticipate, the indication approved by regulatory authorities is narrower than we expect, or the reasonably accepted population for treatment is narrowed by competition, physician choice. or treatment guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such products, even if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 
 Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our pipeline of product candidates, or continue our operations and cause a decline in the value of our common stock, all or any of which may adversely affect our viability. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to complete the development and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 Our operations have required substantial amounts of cash since inception. We currently fund our operations primarily with the proceeds from our follow-on offering completed in October 2022, payments received from our collaboration agreements with Biogen, Sanofi, and Takeda, and a strategic private offering transaction completed in February 2024. We have a diversified portfolio with numerous programs at various stages of research, discovery, preclinical, and clinical development . Developing our product candidates is expensive, and we expect to continue to spend substa ntial amounts as we fund our early-stage research projects, and continue to advance our programs through preclinical and clinical development. Even if we are successful in developing our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals and launching and commercializing any product candidate will require substantial additional funding. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.28 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected operations through at least the next twelve months. Our estimate as to how long we expect our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities to be available to fund our operations is based on assumptions that may be proven inaccurate, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, such as recent bank failures, geopolitical uncertainty, rising inflation or interest rates, or a perceived or actual economic downturn, may cause us to increase our spending significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. We may also need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. 
 
 We have no committed source of additional capital, and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available when we need it, on terms acceptable to us or at all. If adequate capital is not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue our research and development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates, if approved, or be unable to continue or expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 We have a diversified portfolio with numerous programs at various stages of research, discovery, preclinical, and clinical development. These programs require significant capital investment. We seek to maintain a process of prioritization and resource allocation to maintain an optimal balance between aggressively advancing lead programs and replenishing our portfolio. We regularly review the programs in our portfolio, and terminate those programs which do not meet our development criteria, which we have done a number of times in the past. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs, we must focus our programs on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management, and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate, divest, or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain programs may subsequently also prove to be suboptimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our programs or product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases , our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or the perception of its effects, may materially and adversely affect our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Public health outbreaks, such as epidemics or pandemics, may significantly disrupt our business. Such outbreaks pose the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time due to the spread of the disease, due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by federal, state, and local governmental authorities or certain employers, or due to the economic consequences associated with the pandemic. Business disruptions could include disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel, as well as temporary closures of our facilities and the facilities of our partners, clinical trial sites, service providers, suppliers, or contract manufacturers. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic caused a temporary disruption in our ability to recruit participants for our clinical trials in the calendar year 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. While it is not possible to predict whether another pandemic, epidemic, or infectious disease outbreak similar to COVID-19 will materialize, any measures taken by governments and local authorities in response to such future health crises have the potential to disrupt and delay the initiation of new clinical trials, the progress of our ongoing clinical trials and our preclinical activities, and potentially the manufacture or shipment of both drug substance and finished drug product of our product candidates for preclinical testing and clinical trials, as well as adversely impact our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 The continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 On May 11, 2023, the federal government ended the COVID-19 public health emergency, which ended a number of temporary changes made to federally funded programs, while some remain in effect. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergency on the FDA and other regulatory policies and operations remains unclear. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented policies that enabled some of our employees to work remotely, which policies may continue for an indefinite period. Due to telecommuting patterns, modified work schedules, and enhanced safety protocols, our laboratory operations have at times and may again operate with decreased efficiency. Furthermore, our clinical trial sites for our clinical studies were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic: in 2020, we experienced a pause in enrollment in our BIIB122/DNL151 Phase 1 and Phase 1b trials, our DNL343 Phase 1 and Phase 2/3 trials, and our ETV:IDS program observational biomarker study, and we have subsequently experienced certain delays in patient enrollment. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The FDA issued a number of COVID-19 related guidance documents for manufacturers and clinical trial sponsors in 2020 and 2021, many of which have expired or were withdrawn with the expiration of the COVID-19 public health emergency in May 2023, although some COVID-19 related guidance documents remain in effect. Should the FDA issue additional guidance that mandates material changes to our clinical trials in response to a pandemic or other public health outbreaks, the costs of such clinical trials may increase. To the extent we experience any ongoing pandemic disruptions or other public health emergencies, potential impacts to our business may include delays or difficulties in enrolling patients, difficulties interpreting data impacted by trial disruptions, supply chain issues, staffing shortages, and disruptions to the operations of our service providers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and clinical development plans. 
 
 To the extent another pandemic or other public health outbreak adversely affects our business, operations and financial condition in the future, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development, and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 Research and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky. We are heavily dependent on the successful development of our BBB platform technology and the programs currently in our pipeline, which are in preclinical and clinical development stages. We cannot give any assurance that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory, including marketing, approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 
 
 We are at an early stage of development of many of the product candidates currently in our programs and are further developing our BBB platform technology. To date, we have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to identify, acquire intellectual property for, and develop our BBB platform technology and our programs, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize our product candidates, and we may fail to do so for many reasons, including the following: 
 
 our product candidates may not successfully complete preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 
 our drug delivery platform technology may not be clinically viable; 
 
 a product candidate may on further study be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 
 
 our competitors may develop therapeutics that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 
 
 our competitors may develop platform technologies to deliver large molecule therapeutics across the BBB that render our platform technology obsolete or less attractive; 
 
 the product candidates and BBB platform technology that we develop may not be sufficiently covered by intellectual property for which we hold exclusive rights; 
 
 the product candidates and BBB platform technology that we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other intellectual property or exclusive rights; 
 
 the market for a product candidate may change so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable or commercially attractive; 
 
 a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

if a product candidate obtains regulatory approval, we may be unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities, or successfully market such approved product candidate; and 
 
 a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors, if applicable. 
 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to further develop our BBB platform technology and current product candidates. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Our product candidates are in the early stages of development and will require significant additional clinical development, management of preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval, adequate manufacturing supply, a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales, if at all. 
 
 We have never completed a clinical development program. We have previously discontinued the development of certain molecules prior to completion of preclinical development because we did not believe they met our criteria for potential clinical success. Further, we canno t be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials. For instance, in August 2023, together with our collaboration partner Takeda, we discontinued development of TAK-920/DNL919 (ATV:TREM2) in Alzheimer s disease, based on data from the Phase 1 study and the rapidly evolving treatment landscape and shifted our efforts to exploring back-up molecules. We may in the future advance product candidates into clinical trials and terminate such trials prior to their completion. 
 
 If any of our product candidates successfully complete clinical trials, we generally plan to seek regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States, the European Union ("EU"), and in additional foreign countries where we believe there is a viable commercial opportunity. We have never commenced, compiled, or submitted an application seeking regulatory approval to market any product candidate, and may never receive such regulatory approval even if a product candidate successfully completes clinical trials, which would adversely affect our viability. To obtain regulatory approval in countries outside the United States, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such other countries regarding safety, efficacy or potency, purity, chemistry, manufacturing and controls, clinical trials, commercial sales, pricing, and distribution of our product candidates. We may also rely on our collaborators or partners to conduct the required activities to support an application for regulatory approval, and to seek approval, for one or more of our product candidates. We cannot be sure that our collaborators or partners will conduct these activities or do so within the time frame we desire. Even if we (or our collaborators or partners) are successful in obtaining approval in one jurisdiction, we cannot ensure that we will obtain approval in any other jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain approval for our product candidates in multiple jurisdictions, our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be negatively affected. 
 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, whether for the treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases or other diseases, we cannot assure you that any such product candidate will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development involves significant risk that any product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or potency, or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of our product candidates through the development process or, if approved, successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 
 One of our strategies is to identify and pursue clinical development of additional product candidates. We curren tly have several programs in the research, discovery and preclinical stages of development. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, and commercializing additional product candidates for the treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or acquire additional product candidates, advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process, successfully commercialize any such additional product candidates, if approved, or assemble sufficient resources to identify, acquire, develop or, if approved, commercialize additional product candidates. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire, develop, and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 We have concentrated a substantial portion of our research and development efforts on the treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases, fields that have seen limited success in drug development. Further, our product candidates are based on new approaches and novel technology, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. 
 
 We have focused our research and development efforts on addressing neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases . Collectively, efforts by biopharmaceutical companies in the fields of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases have seen limited success in drug development. There are few effective therapeutic options available for patients with neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, and ALS, and lysosomal storage diseases , such as Hunter syndrome and Sanfilippo syndrome. Our future success is highly dependent on the successful development of our BBB platform technology and our product candidates for treating neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases . Developing and, if approved, commercializing our product candidates for treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases subjects us to a number of challenges, including engineering product candidates to cross the BBB to enable optimal concentration of the therapeutic in the brain and obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities who have only a limited set of precedents to rely on. 
 
 Our approach to the treatment of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases aims to identify and select targets with a genetic link to neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases , as applicable, identify and develop molecules that engage the intended target, identify and develop biomarkers, which are biological molecules found in blood, other bodily fluids or tissues that are signs of a normal or abnormal process or of a condition or disease, to select the right patient population and demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement and impact on disease progression of our molecules, and engineer our molecules to cross the BBB and act directly in the brain. This strategy may not prove to be successful. We may not be able to discover, develop, and utilize biomarkers to demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement, and the impact on disease progression of our molecules. We cannot be sure that our approach will yield satisfactory therapeutic products that are safe and effective, scalable, or profitable. Moreover, public perception of drug safety issues, including adoption of new therapeutics or novel approaches to treatment, may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to participate in clinical trials, or if approved, of physicians to subscribe to novel treatments. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct or complete our clinical trials on the timelines we expect, if at all. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming, and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. We cannot be sure that submission of an investigational new drug application ("IND"), or a clinical trial application ("CTA"), will result in the FDA or EMA, as applicable, allowing clinical trials to begin in a timely manner, if at all. Moreover, even if these trials begin, issues may arise that could suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical trials may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely initiation or completion of clinical trials include: 
 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 
 
 delays in confirming target engagement, patient selection, or other relevant biomarkers to be utilized in preclinical and clinical product candidate development; 
 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on trial design; 
 
 delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 
 delays in identifying, recruiting, and training suitable clinical investigators; 
 
 delays in obtaining required Institutional Review Board ("IRB") approval at each clinical trial site; 
 
 imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND or amendment, CTA or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA or EMA concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly; or if the FDA or EMA finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 
 
 delays in identifying, recruiting, and enrolling suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials, and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 
 difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 
 
 failure by our CROs, other third parties, or us to adhere to clinical trial requirements; 
 
 failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s current good clinical practices ("cGCPs") requirements, or other regulatory guidelines in other countries; 
 
 occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 
 
 changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 
 
 changes in the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 
 changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 
 
 clinical trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in us or our collaborators deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs; 
 
 transfer of manufacturing processes from our academic collaborators to larger-scale facilities operated by a CDMO or by us, and delays or failure by our CDMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; 
 
 delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any of the foregoing; and 
 
 delays associated with a pandemic or other public health emergency. 
 
 Any inability to successfully initiate or complete clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we or our collaborators may be required to or elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us or our collaborators, by the data safety monitoring board for such trial, or by any regulatory authority, or if the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted suspend or terminate the participation of their clinical investigators and sites subject to their review. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 
 
 For example, in January 2022, we announced that the TAK-920/DNL919 (ATV:TREM2) IND application had been placed on clinical hold by the FDA. In August 2023 we announced that, in agreement with Takeda, we would discontinue clinical development of TAK-920/DNL919 in Alzheimer s disease. We cannot assure you that we will ever resume the clinical program for TAK-920/DNL919, nor can we assure you that our other product candidates will not be subject to new, partial or full clinical holds in the future, which may impact development plans. 
 
 We or our collaborators may in the future advance product candidates into clinical trials and terminate such trials prior to their completion, which could adversely affect our business. Further, after the commencement of clinical trials, we or our collaborators may discontinue advancement of lead molecules, such as the TAK-920/DNL919 program, or pause the advancement of lead molecules in favor of a backup molecule with a superior safety or efficacy profile, such as we did in our RIPK1 program, switching our focus from DNL747 to SAR443820/DNL788. 
 Delays in the completion of any clinical trial of our product candidates will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We may encounter difficulties enrolling and/or retaining patients in our clinical trials, and our clinical development activities could thereby be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 
 The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment and retention in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including: 
 
 public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 the size and nature of the patient population; 
 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, including biomarker-driven identification and/or certain highly-specific criteria related to stage of disease progression, which may limit the patient populations eligible for our clinical trials to a greater extent than competing clinical trials for the same indication that do not have biomarker-driven patient eligibility criteria; 
 
 the size of the study population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
 
 the proximity of patients to a trial site; 
 
 the design of the trial; 
 
 our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 
 competing clinical trials for similar therapies or targeting patient populations meeting our patient eligibility criteria; 
 
 clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and side effects of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies and product candidates; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 
 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will not complete such trials, for any reason, including the risk of higher drop-out rates if participants become infected with the COVID-19 virus or other infectious diseases that impact their participation in our trials. 
 
 Our inability to enroll and retain a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to obtain marketing approval for the sale of our product candidates. Furthermore, even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials, we may have difficulty maintaining participation in our clinical trials through the treatment and any follow-up periods, which could delay or negatively impact the anticipated readouts from our clinical trials, delay our regulatory submissions, and increase the costs of the clinical trials. 
 Our clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, toxicities, or other side effects and may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy or potency of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex, and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. For those product candidates that are subject to regulation as biological drug products, we will need to demonstrate that they are safe, pure, and potent for use in their target indications. Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. 
 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical trials, and results of early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. The results of clinical trials in one set of patients or disease indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy or potency results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Open-label extension studies may also extend the timing and increase the cost of clinical development substantially. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy or potency profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or potency or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. This is particularly true in neurodegenerative diseases and lysosomal storage diseases , where failure rates historically have been higher than in many other disease areas. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our current clinical trials or any other future clinical trials will be successful. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA will approve the product candidates for the proposed indications, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, or to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our product candidates, the terms of such approval, such as requiring us to narrow our indications to a smaller subset, may also limit its commercial potential. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Interim, topline, and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary, interim, or topline data from our nonclinical studies and clinical trials, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations, and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, preliminary, interim, or topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Adverse changes between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and prospects. Further, additional disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors in the future could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 
 Further, others, including our collaborators or regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions, or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approval or commercialization of the particular product candidate and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is typically selected from a more extensive amount of available information. You or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. If the preliminary or topline data that we report differ from late, final, or actual results, or if others, including our collaborators or regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize our product candidates may be harmed. 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and our operating results may suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. Moreover, the neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage fields are characterized by strong and increasing competition. Our potential competitors include pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring, or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized, or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. 
 
 A number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are developing products for the treatment of the neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage disease indications for which we have research programs, including Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease, Hunter syndrome, and ALS. Companies that we are aware are developing therapeutics in the neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage disease areas include companies with significant financial resources. In addition to competition from other companies targeting neurodegenerative indications, any products we may develop may also face competition from other types of therapies, such as gene-editing therapies. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Many of our current or potential competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of neurodegenerative or lysosomal storage disease indications, which could give such products significant regulatory and market timing advantages over any of our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do, and may obtain orphan product exclusivity for indications our product candidates are targeting, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing any product candidates we may develop against competitors. 
 The manufacture of our product candidates, particularly those that utilize our BBB platform technology, is complex and we may encounter difficulties in production. We may fail to successfully manufacture our product candidates, operate our own manufacturing facility, or obtain regulatory approval to utilize or commercialize from our manufacturing facility, which could adversely affect our clinical trials and the commercial viability of our product candidates. 
 
 The processes involved in manufacturing our drug and biological product candidates, particularly those that utilize our BBB platform technology, are complex, expensive, highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. Additionally, the manufacture of biologics involves complex processes, including developing cells or cell systems to produce the biologic, growing large quantities of such cells, and harvesting and purifying the biologic produced by them. As a result, the cost to manufacture a biologic is generally far higher than traditional small molecule chemical compounds, and the biologics manufacturing process is less reliable and is difficult to reproduce. Manufacturing biologics is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics, and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects, and other supply disruptions. Further, as product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 In order to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, or supply commercial products, if approved, we will need to manufacture them in small and large quantities. Our manufacturing partners may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If our manufacturing partners are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing, and clinical trials of that product candidate may be delayed or become infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. The same risks would apply to our internal manufacturing facilities and capabilities, which we are actively building in Salt Lake City, Utah. Under a lease for approximately 60,000 rentable square feet of laboratory, office, and warehouse premises, we have initiated the build-out of our Utah site to expand our clinical manufacturing capabilities for biologic therapeutics including the manufacture of materials for toxicology studies and drug substance for early human clinical studies. In addition, building internal manufacturing capacity carries significant risks in terms of being able to plan, design, and execute on a complex project to build manufacturing facilities in a timely and cost-efficient manner. To date, we have experienced delays with the manufacturing site build-out, and there can be no assurance that our current and future efforts to scale our internal manufacturing capabilities will succeed. 
 
 In addition, the manufacturing process, including any material modifications in the manufacturing process for any products that we may develop, is subject to regulatory authority approval processes and continuous oversight, and we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable regulatory authority requirements, including complying with current good manufacturing practices ("cGMPs"), on an ongoing basis. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably produce products to specifications acceptable to regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our CDMOs will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidate, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any product candidates we may develop, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales, marketing, and commercial support infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for, some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 
 There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force or reimbursement specialists is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. 
 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize any approved product on our own include: 
 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, marketing, reimbursement, customer service, medical affairs, and other support personnel; 
 59 

Table of Contents 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future approved products; 
 
 the inability of reimbursement professionals to negotiate arrangements for formulary access, reimbursement, and other acceptance by payors; 
 
 the inability to price our products at a sufficient price point to ensure an adequate and attractive level of profitability; 
 
 restricted or closed distribution channels that make it difficult to distribute our products to segments of the patient population; 
 
 the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 
 
 unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercialization organization. 
 
 If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support, and distribution services, our product revenue or the profitability of product revenue may be lower than if we were to market and sell any products we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish commercialization capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if approved. 
 Even if any product candidates we develop receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 
 The commercial success of any of our product candidates will depend upon its degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. Even if any product candidates we may develop receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidates we may develop, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
 the efficacy or potency and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in pivotal clinical trials and published in peer-reviewed journals; 
 
 the potential and perceived advantages compared to alternative treatments; 
 
 the ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 
 
 the ability to offer appropriate patient access programs, such as co-pay assistance; 
 
 the extent to which physicians recommend our products to their patients; 
 
 convenience and ease of dosing and administration compared to alternative treatments; 
 
 the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by FDA, EMA or other regulatory agencies; 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including any limitations, contraindications or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 
 
 restrictions on how the product is distributed; 
 
 the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 
 
 publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 
 
 the strength of marketing and distribution support; 
 
 sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; and 
 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 
 
 If any product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue, and we may not become profitable. 
 Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidates, such products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices, or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm our business. 
 
 The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. In the United States, legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if any product candidates we may develop obtain marketing approval. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to successfully commercialize any products that we may develop also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Government authorities currently impose mandatory discounts for certain patient groups, such as Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Affairs ("VA"), hospitals, and may seek to increase such discounts at any time. Future regulation may negatively impact the price of our products, if approved. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In order to get reimbursement, physicians may need to show that patients have superior treatment outcomes with our products compared to standard of care drugs, including lower-priced generic versions of standard of care drugs. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products we may develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize product candidates, and our overall financial condition. 
 If any of our small molecule product candidates obtain regulatory approval, additional competitors could enter the market with generic versions of such drugs, which may result in a material decline in sales of affected products. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the "Hatch-Waxman Act"), a pharmaceutical manufacturer may file an abbreviated new drug application ("ANDA") seeking approval of a generic copy of an approved, small molecule innovator product. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a manufacturer may also submit a new drug application ("NDA") under section 505(b)(2) that references the FDA s prior approval of the small molecule innovator product. A 505(b)(2) NDA product may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides for certain periods of regulatory exclusivity, which preclude FDA approval (or in some circumstances, FDA filing and reviewing) of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA. These include, subject to certain exceptions, the period during which an FDA-approved drug is subject to orphan drug exclusivity. In addition to the benefits of regulatory exclusivity, an innovator NDA holder may have patents claiming the active ingredient, product formulation or an approved use of the drug, which would be listed with the product in the FDA publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, known as the Orange Book. If there are patents listed in the Orange Book, a generic or 505(b)(2) applicant that seeks to market its product before expiration of the patents must include in the ANDA a Paragraph IV certification, challenging the validity or enforceability of, or claiming non-infringement of, the listed patent or patents. Notice of the certification must be given to the innovator, too, and if within 45 days of receiving notice the innovator sues to protect its patents, approval of the ANDA is stayed for 30 months, or as lengthened or shortened by the court. 
 
 Accordingly, if any of our small molecule product candidates are approved, competitors could file ANDAs for generic versions of our small molecule drug products or 505(b)(2) NDAs that reference our small molecule drug products, respectively. If there are patents listed for our small molecule drug products in the Orange Book, those ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs would be required to include a certification as to each listed patent indicating whether the ANDA applicant does or does not intend to challenge the patent. We cannot predict which, if any, patents in our current portfolio or patents we may obtain in the future will be eligible for listing in the Orange Book, how any generic competitor would address such patents, whether we would sue on any such patents, or the outcome of any such suit. 
 
 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary patent protection for products and technologies we develop or license. Moreover, if any of our owned or in-licensed patents that are listed in the Orange Book are successfully challenged by way of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent litigation, the affected product could immediately face generic competition and its sales would likely decline rapidly and materially. Should sales decline, we may have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets associated with the affected product and our results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. See Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Our biologic, or large molecule, product candidates for which we intend to seek approval may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 
 Even if we are successful in achieving regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate faster than our competitors, our large molecule product candidates may face competition from biosimilar products. In the United States, our large molecule product candidates are regulated by the FDA as biologic products and we intend to seek approval for these product candidates pursuant to the biologics license application ("BLA"), pathway. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (the "BPCIA"), created an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biologic products. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an existing brand product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the original branded product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our large molecule product candidates. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that any of our large molecule product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar product, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. In addition, a competitor could decide to forego the biosimilar approval path and submit a full BLA after completing its own preclinical studies and clinical trials. In such cases, any exclusivity to which we may be eligible under the BPCIA would not prevent the competitor from marketing its product as soon as it is approved. 
 In Europe, if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our large molecule product candidates, such products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and potential adverse consequences. Such competitive products may be able to immediately compete with us in each indication for which our product candidates may have received approval. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk when and if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant costs to defend litigation and a diversion of management's time and resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in a decreased or interrupted demand for our products, injury to our reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials, and initiation of investigation by regulators. Any successful liability claims could result in substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product recalls, withdrawals, or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and a decline in our share price. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. Recently, the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the Chevron doctrine, which gives deference to regulatory agencies' statutory interpretations in litigation against federal government agencies, such as the FDA, where the law is ambiguous. This landmark Supreme Court decision may invite more companies and other stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions and policies of the FDA, including the FDA's statutory interpretations of market exclusivities and the "substantial evidence" requirements for drug approvals, which could undermine the FDA's authority, lead to uncertainties in the industry, and disrupt the FDA's normal operations, any of which could delay the FDA's review of our regulatory submissions. We cannot predict the full impact of this decision, future judicial challenges brought against the FDA, or the nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action. 
 Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Moreover, regulatory authorities may fail to approve companion diagnostics that we contemplate using with our therapeutic product candidates. We have not submitted for, or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 
 Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval in an initial or subsequent indication for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation, or results of our clinical trials; 
 
 regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe and effective, only moderately effective, or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities, or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; 
 
 the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy or potency and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 
 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the regulatory authorities that a product candidate s risk-benefit ratio when compared to the standard of care is acceptable; 
 
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA, BLA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 we may be unable to demonstrate to the regulatory authorities that a product candidate s risk-benefit ratio for its proposed indication is acceptable; 
 
 regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications, or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 
 the approval policies or regulations of the regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 
 This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences. 
 
 Adverse events or other undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us, our collaborators, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, EMA, or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 
 Our most advanced product candidates, BIIB122/DNL151, DNL310, eclitasertib (SAR443122/DNL758), DNL343, TAK-594/DNL593, and DNL126 are currently our only clinical stage product candidates. Adverse events and other side effects may result from higher dosing, repeated dosing, and/or longer-term exposure to our product candidates and could lead to delays and/or termination of the development of these product candidates. For example, in August 2023, together with our collaboration partner Takeda, we made the strategic decision to discontinue clinical development of TAK-920/DNL919 in Alzheimer's disease following a clinical hold by the FDA. 
 
 In 2020, we paused clinical studies with DNL747 in our RIPK1 program. Chronic toxicity studies with DNL747 in cynomolgus monkeys showed dose- and duration-dependent adverse preclinical findings at exposures higher than those tested in the clinic. These findings, which are considered off-target and molecule-specific, may impact the ability to increase the dose of DNL747 and achieve higher levels of target inhibition without time consuming additional clinical safety studies in patients to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability. 
 
 Drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment, the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial, and/or result in potential product liability claims. We are required to maintain product liability insurance pursuant to certain of our license agreements. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in impairment of our business reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants, costs due to related litigation, distraction of management s attention from our primary business, initiation of investigations by regulators, substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants, the inability to commercialize our product candidates, and decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 
 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others, including our collaborators, later identify undesirable side effects or adverse events caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product and cause us to recall our product; 
 
 regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label; 
 
 we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials or post-approval studies; 
 
 we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy plan to assure safe use; 
 
 we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 
 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. We cannot predict whether our product candidates will cause toxicities in humans that would preclude or lead to the revocation of regulatory approval based on nonclinical studies or early-stage clinical trials. 
 We currently and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our product candidates outside the United States, and the FDA, EMA, and applicable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. 
 
 We currently conduct clinical trials outside the United States, including in Europe, and may continue to do so in the future. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or another jurisdiction by the FDA, EMA, or applicable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the United States population and United States medical practice; and (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to cGCP regulations. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory bodies have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA, EMA, or any applicable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA, EMA, or any applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, and a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA or EMA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing, and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 
 Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties, and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any partner we work with fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 While healthcare professionals are free to use and prescribe drug products for off-label uses, the FDA strictly regulates manufacturers promotional claims of drug products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected in the FDA-approved labeling. A company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to large civil and criminal fines, penalties, and enforcement actions. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our approved product candidates, we could become subject to significant liability, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed and promoted or to the conditions of approval (including the requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy) or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. The FDA and other agencies, including the Department of Justice, closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of products to ensure that they are manufactured, marketed, and distributed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. We will have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we may not promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. The holder of an approved NDA, BLA, or MAA must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical trials to verify the safety and efficacy of our non-biologic products or safety, purity, and potency for our biologic products, in general or in specific patient subsets. If original marketing approval was obtained via the accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical trial to confirm clinical benefit for our products. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act reformed the accelerated approval pathway, such as requiring the FDA to specify conditions for post-approval study requirements and setting forth procedures for the FDA to withdraw a product on an expedited basis for non-compliance with post-approval requirements. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive requirements imposed by the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing, or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things, issue warning letters, impose penalties, suspend regulatory approvals, or require a product recall. Any of these actions by a regulatory agency could require us to expend significant time and resources, generate negative publicity, and adversely affect the value of our company. 
 To the extent w e seek orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates, we may be unable to obtain such designations or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug status, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Once granted, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives and certain exclusivity protections. In February 2019, the FDA granted orphan drug designation for our DNL310 program in Hunter syndrome. However, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating the same indication or disease, and can waive orphan exclusivity if we are unable to manufacture sufficient supply of our product. We plan to seek orphan drug designations for some other product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain such designations. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Further, in response to Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra , 14 F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), the FDA clarified in a January 2023 notice that the FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside of the scope of the Catalyst order that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of the orphan drug exclusivity. 
 Healthcare legislative measures aimed at reducing healthcare costs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We may face difficulties from changes to current regulations and future legislation. Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize our drugs, if approved, and affect the prices we may obtain, including changes in coverage and reimbursement policies in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. Third-party payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. 
 
 In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. These include the enactment of the Affordable Care Act of 2010 ACA ), the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, which will eliminate a statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs, and the July 2021 executive order, "Promoting Competition in the American Economy," with multiple provisions aimed at increasing competition for prescription drugs. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA"), which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Various industry stakeholders, including pharmaceutical companies, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, have initiated lawsuits against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") are unconstitutional. The impact of these judicial changes, future litigation brought in view of 
 the Supreme Court s overrule of the Chevron doctrine, legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the government on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. At the state level, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Since its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA and IRA. It is unclear how future litigation or healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in material adverse effect on our business. We expect that the ACA and IRA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, lower reimbursement, and new payment methodologies. This could lower the price that we receive for any approved product. Any denial in coverage or reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar denial or reduction in payments from private payors, which may prevent us from being able to generate sufficient revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 
 There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations, and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for any product candidates that are approved, our ability to receive or set a price we believe is fair for our products, our ability to attract investment, our ability to generate revenue or achieve profitability, the level of taxes we are required to pay, and the availability of capital. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct, or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, and negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the laws of the FDA, EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; provide true, complete, and accurate information to regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. In particular, research, sales, marketing, education, and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, educating, marketing and promotion, sales and commission, certain customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations, and financial conditions could be adversely affected. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our operations will be subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws. The laws that may impact our operations include the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 ("HITECH"), the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, and analogous state and foreign laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our clinical research program, as well as our proposed and future sales, marketing, and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales, and marketing of healthcare items and services is subject to extensive laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive, and other business arrangements. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could, despite our efforts to comply, be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, information security policies, and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection, including the use, processing, and cross-border transfer of personal information. These laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, or monetary penalties, and otherwise may harm our business. 
 
 We receive, generate, and store significant and increasing volumes of sensitive information and business-critical information, including employee and personal data (including protected health information), research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We heavily rely on external security and infrastructure vendors to manage our information technology systems and data centers. We face a number of risks relative to protecting this critical information, including the loss of access, inappropriate use or disclosure, inappropriate modification, and the risk of our being unable to adequately monitor, audit, and modify our controls over our critical information. This risk extends to third-party vendors and subcontractors we use to manage this sensitive data. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 A wide variety of provincial, state, national, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These laws and regulations are evolving and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. For example, the collection and use of personal data in the EU are governed by the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which became fully effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR imposes stringent data protection requirements, including, for example, more robust disclosures to individuals and a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention of information, increased requirements pertaining to special categories of data, such as health data, and additional obligations when we contract with third-party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the United States and other countries, and in the context of clinical trials we currently rely on patient informed consent as the legal basis for such transfers. In addition, the GDPR provides that EU member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic, biometric or health data. The GDPR provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 20 million or four percent of worldwide annual revenues. The GDPR applies extraterritorially, and we may be subject to the GDPR because of our data processing activities that involve the personal data of individuals located in the EU, such as in connection with any EU clinical trials. Additionally, the UK has implemented legislation that substantially implements the GDPR (the "UK GDPR"), with substantial penalties for noncompliance. 
 
 We may incur liabilities, expenses, costs, and other operational losses under the GDPR and UK GDPR as well as privacy and data protection laws of Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and applicable EU member states. We may find it necessary or appropriate to make additional changes to the ways we or our service providers collect, disclose, transfer, and otherwise process data within the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, and to our related policies and practices. This may be onerous and may interrupt or delay our development activities, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Further, various states, such as California, Massachusetts, and Washington have implemented privacy laws and regulations that impose restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other personal information. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA, we must comply with the stricter provisions. In addition to fines and penalties imposed upon violators, some of these state laws also afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. For example, California has enacted legislation, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), that, among other things, requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and affords such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA, as amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to individuals and consumers in California, and afford such individuals and consumers new data protection rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Numerous other states in the United States have proposed or enacted similar legislation. Further, some states have enacted more specific legislation, such as Washington's enactment of the My Health, My Data Act, which includes a private right of action. The U.S. federal government is also contemplating federal privacy legislation. The GDPR, UK GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, and many other federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are still being tested in courts, and they are subject to new and differing interpretations by courts and regulatory officials. Additionally, the interplay of federal and state laws may be subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and data we receive, use and share, potentially exposing us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 It is possible that the GDPR, UK GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, or other laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or inconsistent with our current policies and practices. We cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all such applicable data protection laws and regulations and we cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. Furthermore, other jurisdictions outside the EU are similarly introducing or enhancing privacy and data security laws, rules, and regulations, which could increase our compliance costs and the risks associated with noncompliance. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We cannot guarantee that we or our vendors may be in compliance with all applicable international laws and regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. For example, our privacy policies may be insufficient to protect any personal information we collect, or may not comply with applicable laws. Our non-compliance could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. In addition, if we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information, we could be alleged or found to have breached our contracts. 
 
 Our actual or perceived failure to adequately comply with applicable laws and regulations or other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy and data protection, or to protect personal data and other data we process or maintain, could result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, other lawsuits or reputational damage, all of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If we or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 
 We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, product development, and manufacturing efforts. In addition, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Our business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations. 
 
 Our business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action, or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect certain transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. Recently the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, in the future once we enter a commercialization phase, our products may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization for our products, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, we may be fined or other penalties could be imposed, including a denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export our products to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any limitation on our ability to export or sell access to our products would likely adversely affect our business. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC, and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years the U.S. government shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical government employees and stop critical activities. While the FDA has largely caught up with domestic preapproval inspections since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, it continues to work through its backlog of foreign inspections. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, or to provide feedback on our clinical development plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns or other disruptions to normal operations could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain the funding necessary to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development, and commercialization of certain product candidates. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 
 We anticipate seeking third-party collaborators for the research, development, and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. For example, we have collaborations with F-star, Takeda, Sanofi, Biogen, and others to further our development of product candidates and to enhance our research efforts directed to better understanding neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases. Our likely collaborators for any other collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academic institutions. If we enter into any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have shared or limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or potential commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements with commercial entities will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we enter into. 
 
 Collaborations involving our research programs, or any product candidates we may develop, pose the following risks to us: 
 
 collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 
 
 collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend intellectual property or proprietary rights relating to our product candidates or research programs or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings, including proceedings challenging the scope, ownership, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property; 
 
 collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates or research programs that results from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we may not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property or such product candidates or research programs; 
 
 we may need the cooperation of our collaborators to enforce or defend any intellectual property we contribute to or that arises out of our collaborations, which may not be provided to us; 
 
 collaborators may control certain interactions with regulatory authorities, which may impact on our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our products candidates; 
 76 

Table of Contents 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development, or commercialization of our product candidates or research programs or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 
 collaborators may decide to not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates or research programs if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 
 collaborators may restrict us from researching, developing, or commercializing certain products or technologies without their involvement; 
 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product candidates; 
 
 we may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our agreements with our collaborators, including if we undergo a change of control; 
 
 collaborators may grant sublicenses to our technology or product candidates or undergo a change of control and the sublicensees or new owners may decide to take the collaboration in a direction which is not in our best interest; 
 
 collaborators may become bankrupt, which may significantly delay our research or development programs, or may cause us to lose access to valuable technology, know-how, or intellectual property of the collaborator relating to our products, product candidates, or research programs; 
 
 key personnel at our collaborators may leave, which could negatively impact our ability to productively work with our collaborators; 
 
 collaborations may require us to incur short and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our stockholders, or disrupt our management and business; 
 
 if our collaborators do not satisfy their obligations under our agreements with them, or if they terminate our collaborations with them, we may not be able to develop or commercialize product candidates as planned; 
 
 collaborations may require us to share in development and commercialization costs pursuant to budgets that we do not fully control and our failure to share in such costs could have a detrimental impact on the collaboration or our ability to share in revenue generated under the collaboration; 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 collaborations may be terminated in their entirety or with respect to certain product candidates or technologies and, if so terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or technologies, including our BBB platform technology; and 
 
 collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished, or terminated. 
 
 We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborations. Recent business combinations among biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have resulted in a reduced number of potential collaborators. In addition, the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 
 If we enter into collaborations to develop and potentially commercialize any product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we or our collaborator elects not to exercise the rights granted under the agreement or if we or our collaborator are unable to successfully integrate a product candidate into existing operations and company culture. The failure to develop and commercialize a product candidate pursuant to our agreements with our current or future collaborators could prevent us from receiving future payments under such agreements, which could negatively impact our revenues. In addition, if our agreement with any of our collaborators terminates, our access to technology and intellectual property licensed to us by that collaborator may be restricted or terminate entirely, which may delay our continued development of our product candidates utilizing the collaborator s technology or intellectual property or require us to stop development of those product candidates completely. We may also find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators, and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. Many of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval, and commercialization described in this Risk Factors section also apply to the activities of our collaborators and any negative impact on our collaborators may adversely affect us. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research, or testing. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators, to conduct some aspects of our research and preclinical testing and our clinical trials. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us or be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with cGCPs for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible, reproducible, and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We also are required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database within certain time frames. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity, and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 
 Our third-party service providers are not our employees, and we are therefore unable to directly monitor whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical and nonclinical programs. These third-party service providers may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for any product candidates we may develop and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our medicines. 
 
 We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors, including with the shipment of any drug supplies, could delay clinical development or marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop or commercialization of our medicines, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 Our reliance on third parties for the manufacture of the significant majority of the materials for our research programs, preclinical studies, and clinical trials may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such materials, product candidates, or any medicines that we may develop and commercialize, or that such supply will not be available to us at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent, or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 Although we have initiated the build-out of our Utah site to expand our clinical manufacturing capabilities for biologic therapeutics, we do not have any operational manufacturing facilities. We currently rely on third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of our materials for preclinical studies and clinical trials and expect to continue to do so for some or all of our materials for preclinical studies, clinical trials, and for commercial supply of any product candidates that we may develop. 
 We may be unable to establish any further agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including the possible breach, termination, or non-renewal of the agreement by the third party, which may be costly or inconvenient, and the inability of the third party to produce the required volume in a timely manner. We may also be exposed to the risks of relying on the third party for regulatory compliance, quality assurance, safety, and pharmacovigilance and related reporting. 
 
 Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with U.S. export control regulations, cGMP regulations, or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in a need to replace current third-party manufacturers including the possibility of supply delays, clinical holds on our trials, sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocations, seizures or recalls of product candidates or medicines, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our medicines and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Any medicines that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 
 Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply for many components of our product candidates. If any one of our current contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace that manufacturer and may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. Furthermore, securing and reserving production capacity with contract manufacturers may result in significant costs. 
 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of any product candidates we may develop or medicines may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any medicines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, and the loss of these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials could harm our business. 
 
 We rely on third-party suppliers for the raw materials required for the production of our product candidates. Our dependence on these third-party suppliers and the challenges we may face in obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials involve several risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality, and delivery schedules. As a small company, our negotiation leverage is limited and we are likely to get lower priority than our larger competitors. We cannot be certain that our suppliers will continue to provide us with the quantities of these raw materials that we require or satisfy our anticipated specifications and quality requirements. 
 
 Further, we have in the past and may in the future experience delayed shipments of raw materials due to interruptions relating to the aforementioned events. We may be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. Any performance failure on the part of our suppliers could delay the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates, including limiting supplies necessary for clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any product candidates we develop or for our BBB platform technology, our competitors could develop and commercialize products or technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize any product candidates we may develop, and our technology may be adversely affected. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our BBB platform technology and any proprietary product candidates and other technologies we may develop. We seek to protect our proprietary position by in-licensing intellectual property and filing patent applications in the United States and abroad relating to our BBB platform technology, programs and product candidates, as well as other technologies that are important to our business. Given that the development of our technology and product candidates is at an early stage, our intellectual property portfolio with respect to certain aspects of our technology and product candidates is also at an early stage. In addition, we cannot be certain that any patents we own or in-license in the United States adequately cover the Fc domain portion of our BBB platform technology that binds to transferrin receptor, or adequately cover the antibodies, enzymes or proteins being developed in our TV-enabled programs. We have filed or intend to file patent applications on these aspects of our technology and product candidates; however, there can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents. Furthermore, in some cases, we have only filed provisional patent applications on certain aspects of our technology and product candidates and each of these provisional patent applications is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within twelve months of the filing date of the applicable provisional patent application. Any failure to file a non-provisional patent application within this timeline could cause us to lose the ability to obtain patent protection for the inventions disclosed in the associated provisional patent applications. Furthermore, in some cases, we may not be able to obtain issued claims covering compositions relating to our BBB platform technology, programs and product candidates, as well as other technologies that are important to our business, and instead may need to rely on filing patent applications with claims covering a method of use and/or method of manufacture for protection of such BBB platform technology, programs, product candidates, and other technologies. There can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents, and even if they do issue, such patent claims may be insufficient to prevent third parties, such as our competitors, from utilizing our technology. Any failure to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to our BBB platform technology, programs and product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If any of our owned or in-licensed patent applications do not issue as patents in any jurisdiction, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 
 Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our owned and licensed patents. With respect to both in-licensed and owned intellectual property, we cannot predict whether the patent applications we and our licensors are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient protection from competitors or other third parties. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming, and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, including delays as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic impacting our or our licensors' operations. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patentable over the prior art. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 If the scope of any patent protection we obtain is not sufficiently broad, or if we lose any of our patent protection, our ability to prevent our competitors from commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates would be adversely affected. 
 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our owned or in-licensed pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. 
 
 Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents that we own or in-license may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We or our licensors may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or other similar proceedings challenging our owned or licensed patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, our owned or in-licensed patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, we, or one of our licensors, may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge our or our licensor s priority of invention or other features of patentability with respect to our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. If we or our collaborators are unsuccessful in any such proceeding or other priority or inventorship dispute, we may be required to obtain and maintain licenses from third parties, including parties involved in any such interference proceedings or other priority or inventorship disputes. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture, and commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we may develop. The loss of exclusivity or the narrowing of our owned and licensed patent claims could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products. 
 
 In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Some of our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties. For example, we currently, and may in the future, co-own certain patents and patent applications relating to our BBB platform technology with F-star. In addition, certain of our licensors co-own the patents and patent applications we in-license with other third parties with whom we do not have a direct relationship. Our exclusive rights to certain of these patents and patent applications are dependent, in part, on inter-institutional or other operating agreements between the joint owners of such patents and patent applications, who are not parties to our license agreements. If our licensors do not have exclusive control of the grant of licenses under any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications or we are otherwise unable to secure such exclusive rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Our rights to develop and commercialize our BBB platform technology and product candidates are subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others or licenses granted by us to others. 
 
 We are heavily reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our BBB platform technology and product candidates. For example, in June 2016, we entered into a license agreement with Genentech pursuant to which we received an exclusive license to certain of Genentech s intellectual property relating to our LRRK2 program, including our BIIB122/DNL151 product candidate. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Our agreements with F-star and other license agreements may not provide exclusive rights to use certain licensed intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. For example, F-star retains the right to use itself, and to license to others, its modular antibody technology for any purpose other than the targets which we have agreed with F-star would or may be exclusively available to us. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors or other third parties from developing and commercializing competitive products that also utilizes technology that we have in-licensed. 
 
 In addition, subject to the terms of any such license agreements, we do not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance, and we may not have the right to control the enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the technology that we license from third parties. For example, under our agreements with F-star and Genentech, the licensors control prosecution and, in the case of F-star and in specified circumstances, enforcement of certain of the patents and patent applications licensed to us. Also, under our agreements with Takeda, Sanofi and Biogen, they control prosecution, and in specified circumstances, enforcement of certain of the patents and patent applications licensed to them. We cannot be certain that our in-licensed or out-licensed patents and patent applications that are controlled by our licensors or licensees will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors or licensees fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, our right to develop and commercialize our BBB platform technology and any of our product candidates that are subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected, and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we have licensed to and from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensees, our licensors and their counsel that took place prior to the date upon which we assumed control over patent prosecution. 
 Furthermore, our owned and in-licensed patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, our license to certain intellectual property owned by Genentech is subject to certain research rights Genentech granted to third parties prior to our license agreement. In addition, certain of our in-licensed intellectual property relating to RIPK1 was funded in part by the U.S. government. As a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights to such intellectual property. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We have entered into license agreements with third parties and may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research or allow commercialization of product candidates we may develop or our BBB platform technology. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates or continue to utilize our existing BBB platform technology, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, including our BBB platform technology, manufacturing methods, product candidates, or future methods or products resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, each of our current license agreements, and we expect our future agreements, will impose various development, diligence, commercialization, and other obligations on us. Certain of our license agreements also require us to meet development timelines, or to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products, in order to maintain the licenses. In spite of our efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under such license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates or of our current BBB platform technology. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 
 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 
 the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 
 the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 
 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 
 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 
 In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 In addition, the United States federal government retains certain rights in inventions produced with its financial assistance under the Patent and Trademark Law Amendments Act, or the Bayh-Dole Act. The federal government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides federal agencies with march-in rights. March-in rights allow the government, in specified circumstances, to require the contractor or successors in title to the patent to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants. If the patent owner refuses to do so, the government may grant the license itself. If, in the future, we co-own or license in technology which is critical to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds subject to the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Further, our ability to pursue patents throughout the world may be delayed or affected due to a public health crisis such as the COVID-19 global pandemic. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. In Europe, as of June 1, 2023, the Unitary Patent Court (UPC) has exclusive jurisdiction over Unitary Patents and offers a uniform and specialized framework for patent litigation at the European level. Furthermore, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent and therefore subject to UPC. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Geopolitical actions in the United States and in foreign countries could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution or maintenance of our patent applications or those of any current or future licensors and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of any current or future licensors. For example, the United States and foreign government actions related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine may limit or prevent filing, prosecution, and maintenance of patent applications in Russia. Government actions may also prevent maintenance of issued patents in Russia. These actions could result in abandonment or lapse of our patents or patent applications, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in Russia. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a decree was adopted by the Russian government in March 2022, allowing Russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patentees that have citizenship or nationality in, are registered in, or predominately have primary place of business or profit-making activities in the United States and other countries that Russia has deemed unfriendly without consent or compensation. Consequently, we may be unable to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into Russia. Accordingly, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned or licensed patents and applications. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensing partners to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Geopolitical actions in the United States and in foreign countries could prevent us from continuing to make these periodic payments in certain locations. For example, the United States and foreign government actions related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine may limit our ability to make or prevent us from making these payments in Russia. These actions could result in abandonment or lapse of our patents or patent applications, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in Russia, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the "America Invents Act"), enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedin gs. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or in-licensed issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. For example, the Supreme Court of the United States held in Amgen v. Sanofi (2023) that a functionally claimed genus was invalid for failing to comply with the enablement requirement of the Patent Act. In addition, the Federal circuit recently issued a decision involving the interaction of patent term adjustment (PTA), terminal disclaimers, and obvious-type double patenting. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. For example, in Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc. (2013), the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. While we do not believe that any of the patents owned or licensed by us will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed by Congress authorizes the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to negotiate prices directly with participating manufacturers for selected medicines covered by Medicare even if these medicines are protected by an existing patent. For small molecule medicines, the process begins seven years after initial approval by the FDA. While we do not believe that the IRA or its effects will impact our ability to obtain patents in the near future, we cannot be certain whether it will affect our patent strategy in the long run. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Issued patents covering our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. 
 If we or one of our licensors initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable or raise a defense to infringement. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of subject matter eligibility for patenting, novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Grounds for defenses to infringement include statutory exemptions to patent infringement for uses related to submitting information to regulatory authorities to seek certain regulatory approvals. Third parties may raise claims challenging the validity or enforceability of our owned or in-licensed patents before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, a judge or jury could find that our patent claims laws of nature or are otherwise ineligible for patenting, and we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we or our licensing partners and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 
 Patent rights are of limited duration. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are paid timely, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective filing date. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or generic products. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. Upon issuance in the United States, the term of a patent can be increased by patent term adjustment, which is based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, but this increase can be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. The term of a United States patent may also be shortened if the patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. A patent term extension (PTE) based on regulatory delay may be available in the United States. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval, and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the PTE does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Laws governing analogous PTEs in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. If we are unable to obtain PTE or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration and may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and nonclinical data to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we or our licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our or our licensors ownership of our owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 
 In addition to seeking patents for our BBB platform technology, product candidates and other technologies, we also rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We expect our trade secrets and know-how to over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology, and the movement of personnel from academic to industry scientific positions. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors, and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants as well as train our employees not to bring or use proprietary information or technology from former employers to us or in their work, and remind former employees when they leave their employment of their confidentiality obligations. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite our efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining, through acquisitions, in-licenses or otherwise, necessary rights to our BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies. 
 
 We currently have rights to intellectual property, through licenses from third parties, to identify and develop our BBB platform technology and product candidates. Many pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academic institutions are competing with us in the fields of neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases and BBB technology and may have patents and have filed and plan to file patent applications potentially relevant to our business. In order to avoid infringing these third-party patents, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses to such patents from such third-party intellectual property holders. We may also require licenses from third parties for certain BBB technologies that we are evaluating for use with our current or future product candidates. In addition, with respect to any patents we co-own with third parties, we may require licenses to such co-owners interest to such patents. However, we may be unable to secure such licenses or otherwise acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes, or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our current or future product candidates and our BBB platform technology. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources, and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Many of our employees, consultants, and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our licensors, competitors, and potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties or defend claims that they may bring against us to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other violation against us, our licensors, or our collaborators may prevent or delay the development and commercialization of our BBB platform technology, product candidates, and other technologies. 
 
 The fields of discovering treatments for neurodegenerative and lysosomal storage diseases, especially using BBB technology, is highly competitive and dynamic. Due to the focused research and development that is taking place by several companies, including us and our competitors, in these fields, the intellectual property landscape is in flux, and it may remain uncertain in the future. As such, there may be significant intellectual property litigation and proceedings relating to our owned, in-licensed, and other third-party intellectual property and proprietary rights in the future. 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our, our licensors and our collaborators ability to avoid infringing, misappropriating, and otherwise violating the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of complex litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, recently, due to changes in U.S. law referred to as patent reform, new procedures including inter partes review and post-grant review have been implemented. As stated above, this reform adds uncertainty to the possibility of challenge to our patents in the future. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist relating to BBB technology and in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our BBB platform technology, product candidates, and other technologies may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. We cannot assure you that our BBB platform technology, product candidates, and other technologies that we have developed, are developing or may develop in the future will not infringe existing or future patents owned by third parties. We may not be aware of patents that have already been issued and that a third party, for example, a competitor in the fields in which we are developing our BBB platform technology, product candidates, and other technologies might assert are infringed by our current or future BBB platform technology, product candidates or other technologies, including claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods of use or treatment that cover our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies, could be found to be infringed by our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies may infringe. 
 
 Third parties may have patents or obtain patents in the future and claim that the manufacture, use, or sale of our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies infringes upon these patents. In the event that any third-party claims that we infringe their patents or that we are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and initiates litigation against us, even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that such patents are valid, enforceable, and infringed by our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies. In this case, the holders of such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the applicable product candidate or technology unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to commercialize our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies, or such commercialization efforts may be significantly delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. 
 Defense of infringement claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and other employee resources from our business, and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing our infringing BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies. In addition, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties, and/or redesign our infringing product candidates or technologies, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our BBB platform technology, product candidates, or other technologies, which could harm our business significantly. 
 
 Engaging in litigation to defend against third parties alleging that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their patents or other intellectual property rights is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings against us could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations or growth prospects. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensing partners, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensing partners also may become involved in inventorship, priority, or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time consuming. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent in which we have an interest is invalid or unenforceable, the other party s use of our patented technology falls under the safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1), or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our owned and in-licensed patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our owned or in-licensed patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights, or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific, and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ryan Watts, and our scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in the development of our product candidates and harm our business. 
 
 We primarily conduct our operations at our facility in South San Francisco, a region that is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, which may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. We expect that we may need to recruit talent from outside of our region, and doing so may be costly and difficult. 
 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided restricted stock and stock option grants that vest over time. The value to employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of all of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. If we are unable to attract and incentivize quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all, it may cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 We will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 390 emplo yees, all of whom were full-time. As our development plans and strategies develop, we must add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, financial, and other personnel. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including recruiting, integrating, and retaining additional employees; managing our internal development efforts; and expanding our controls, reporting systems, and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to continue to develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to manage these growth activities. 
 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors, and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors, and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. 
 
 If we are not able to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, and commercialization goals. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 We have engaged in and may in the future engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, which may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 
 We have in the past engaged in acquisitions and strategic partnerships, and we may engage in various acquisitions and strategic partnerships in the future, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies, or businesses as part of our business strategy. For example, we have collaboration agreements with Takeda, Sanofi and Biogen, and issued stock in connection with entering into certain of those agreements in 2018 and 2020. Any such transaction may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 
 
 the assumption of indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 
 
 the issuance of our equity securities which would result in dilution to our stockholders; 
 
 assimilation of operations, intellectual property, products and product candidates of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 
 
 the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such an acquisition or strategic partnership; 
 
 the loss of key employees, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 
 
 risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 
 
 our inability to generate revenue from acquired intellectual property, technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives or offset the associated transaction and maintenance costs. 
 
 In addition, if we undertake such a transaction, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. 
 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer other breakdowns, cyberattacks, or information security breaches or incidents that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such systems and data, expose us to liability, and affect our reputation. 
 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data to operate our business. We also rely on third-party vendors and their information technology systems. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our collaborators, CROs, and other contractors and consultants may be vulnerable to damage, outages and interruptions resulting from computer viruses and other malicious code or unauthorized access, or breached, compromised, or otherwise subject to security incidents due to operator error, malfeasance, or other system disruptions. Geopolitical events, such as war and armed conflicts, may increase the risks of cyber-attacks, disruptions, and security breaches and incidents that we and these third parties face. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. Security threats can come from a variety of sources, ranging in sophistication from an individual hacker to a state-sponsored attack. Cyber threats may be broad-based or otherwise generic in nature, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems or those of our collaborators, CROs, or other contractors or consultants. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Over the past few years, cyber-attacks have become more prevalent, intense, sophisticated, and much harder to detect and defend against. Such attacks could include the use of key loggers or other harmful and virulent malware, including ransomware or other denials of service, and can be deployed through malicious websites, the use of social engineering and/or other means. We and our collaborators, CROs, or other contractors and consultants may not be able to anticipate all types of security threats, and we may not be able to implement preventive measures effective against all such security threats. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can originate from a wide variety of sources. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach or incident to date, if a breakdown, cyberattack or other information security breach or incident were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to loss or misappropriation of trade secrets or loss of, or unauthorized modification, unavailability, disclosure, or other unauthorized processing of other proprietary information or other similar disruption and we could incur liability and reputational damage. For example, any corruption, loss, or other unavailability of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for research and development of our product candidates and other third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Cyber-attacks, breaches, interruptions, or other data security incidents could result in legal claims or proceedings by private parties or governmental authorities, liability under federal or state laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, disrupt key business operations, and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. In the United States, notice of breaches must be made to affected individuals, the U.S. Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"), and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or U.S. state attorneys general. Such a notice could harm our reputation and our ability to compete. In addition, U.S. state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. There can be no assurance that we, our collaborators, CROs, contractors, consultants, and any other business counterparties will be successful in efforts to detect, prevent, protect against, or fully recover systems or data from all break-downs, service interruptions, attacks, or security breaches or incidents. Although we maintain standalone cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to significant security breaches, incidents, or disruptions could be material and exceed the limits of any insurance coverage we have, and may result in increases in our insurance costs. Relevant insurance may in the future become unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any disruption or security breach or incident that results in or is perceived to have resulted in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure, use, acquisition, transfer, modification, unavailability, or other processing of confidential or proprietary information, including data related to our personnel, could result in the loss, unauthorized modification, use, unavailability, disclosure or other unauthorized processing of critical or sensitive data, and could cause us to incur liability. Further, in any such event, the development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed and our business and operations could be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 Our operations, and those of our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, CDMOs, suppliers, and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, public health crises such as COVID-19, and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are partly uninsured. In addition, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research and development of our product candidates, and they may be affected by bank failures or instability in the financial services sector, government shutdowns, or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 
 
 The majority of our operations are located in South San Francisco, California and Salt Lake City, Utah. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development or research facilities due to fire, extreme weather conditions or natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry, or other events could cause us to cease or delay development of some or all of our product candidates. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption. 
 Our business is subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. In addition to a subsidiary located in Zurich, Switzerland, some of our suppliers and collaborative relationships are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 
 
 economic weakness, including inflation, rising interest rates or political instability in certain non-U.S. economies and markets; 
 
 differing and changing regulatory requirements in non-U.S. countries; 
 
 challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those non-U.S. countries that do not offer the same level of intellectual property protection as the United States; 
 
 difficulties in compliance with non-U.S. laws and regulations; 
 
 changes in non-U.S. regulations and customs, tariffs, and trade barriers; 
 
 changes in non-U.S. currency exchange rates and currency controls; 
 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic environment; 
 
 trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, or other restrictive government actions; 
 
 negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 
 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 98 

Table of Contents 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 
 difficulties associated with staffing and managing international operations, including differing labor relations; 
 
 potential liability under the FCPA, UK Bribery Act, or comparable foreign laws; 
 
 business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and armed conflict, terrorism, natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods, and fires, or health epidemics; and 
 
 cyberattacks, which are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. 
 
 In particular, there is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other limitations on cross-border operations. The U.S. government has and continues to make significant additional changes in U.S. trade policy and may continue to take future actions that could negatively impact U.S. trade. For example, legislation has been introduced in Congress to limit certain U.S. biotechnology companies from using equipment or services produced or provided by select Chinese biotechnology companies, and others in Congress have advocated for the use of existing executive branch authorities to limit those Chinese service providers ability to engage in business in the U.S. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products and services may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. If we are unable to obtain or use services from existing service providers or become unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers or service providers, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 These and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain profitable operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 290.6 million, federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 53.1 million, and orphan tax credit carryforwards of approximately 37.4 million, some of which will begin to expire in 2034. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code"), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50-percentage-point cumulative change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change taxable income or taxes may be limited. We have experienced ownership changes in the past, and we may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, including in connection with our October 2022 offering, some of which are outside our control. Limitations may also apply under state law. For example, recently enacted California legislation limits the use of state net operating loss carryforwards for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and before January 1, 2027. As a result of this legislation or other unforeseen reasons, we may not be able to utilize some or all of our net operating loss carryforwards, even if we attain profitability. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by legislators and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) have occurred and are likely to continue to occur in the future, which could adversely affect our shareholders. For example, in August 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which implemented a 15 minimum tax on book income for certain companies and introduced a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. Changes in tax laws, regulation, or enforcement could adversely affect our stockholders or require us to implement changes to minimize increases in our tax liability. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this report, these factors include: 
 
 the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; 
 
 the timing and results of clinical trials for our current product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop; 
 
 commencement or termination of collaborations for our product development and research programs; 
 
 failure to achieve development, regulatory, or commercialization milestones under our collaborations; 
 
 failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; 
 
 failure to develop our BBB platform technology; 
 
 results of preclinical studies, clinical trials, or regulatory approvals of product candidates of our competitors, or announcements about new research programs or product candidates of our competitors; 
 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents, or other proprietary rights; 
 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 
 the level of expenses related to any of our research programs, clinical development programs, or product candidates that we may develop; 
 
 the results of our efforts to develop additional product candidates or products; 
 
 actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines, or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 
 sales of our common stock by us, our insiders, or other stockholders; 
 
 variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems or in accounting standards; 
 
 ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
 
 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 
 market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; and 
 
 other events or factors affecting general economic, industry, and market conditions, including bank failures or instability in the financial services sector, geopolitical events such as war and armed conflict, and public health crises such as COVID-19. 
 
 In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders were to bring a lawsuit against us, the defense and disposition of any such lawsuits could be costly and divert the time and attention of our management and harm our operating results, regardless of the merits of such a claim. 
 If securities analysts publish negative evaluations of our stock, or if they do not publish research or reports about our business, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, or if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of our common stock by current stockholders may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate, and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. Certain holders of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. For example, on February 27, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with certain existing accredited investors in connection with a strategic private offering transaction. Pursuant to this Purchase Agreement, we entered into an agreement granting an investor certain registration rights following such time that the investor may be deemed an affiliate of the Company. Any sales of securities by these stockholders, or the perception that sales will be made in the public market, could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our common stock. 
 
 We have registered on Form S-8 all shares of common stock that are issuable under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. As a consequence, these shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 
 We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances, and licensing arrangements. For example, in August 2020, we entered into the Provisional Biogen Collaboration Agreement, and in connection therewith issued and sold 13,310,243 shares of our common stock to Biogen in September 2020 for an aggregate purchase price of 465.0 million. We, and indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing all such securities. Additionally, collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 
 In January 2020, we sold 9.0 million shares of common stock in an underwritten follow-on offering pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed in March 2019 and, in October 2022, we sold 11.9 million shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering pursuant to a second shelf registration statement filed in February 2022. Also in February 2022, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, SVB Securities LLC, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as sales agents, to establish an at-the-market facility pursuant to which we may offer and sell from time to time up to 400.0 million in shares of our common stock. On February 27, 2024, we announced a strategic private offering transaction in which we sold 3,244,689 shares of our common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase 26,046,065 shares of our common stock, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 499.3 million. 
 
 Our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, and therefore we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell, or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, any sales of our common stock or other securities under our shelf registration statement could put downward pressure on our stock price. Additionally, collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in the near term but limit our potential cash flow and revenue in the future. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 
 Our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our outstanding stock, and their respective affiliates beneficially own a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, may significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that our other stockholders may believe is in their best interests. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the board of directors or management. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, our business, financial position and results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, ("Exchange Act"), including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 The rules governing the standards that must be met for management and our auditors to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards under the rules. During the course of its testing, our management or auditors may identify material weaknesses or deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on our management and administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to maintain and expand our existing operations. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates, which may never occur. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our charter documents might discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition, or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our charter documents: 
 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II, and Class III, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; 
 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 
 
 provide that our directors may only be removed for cause; 
 
 eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 
 authorize our board of directors to issues shares of preferred stock and determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 
 
 provide our board of directors with the exclusive right to elect a director to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship; 
 
 permit stockholders to only take actions at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 
 prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; 
 
 require that stockholders give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings; 
 
 authorize our board of directors, by a majority vote, to amend the bylaws; and 
 
 require the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock to amend many of the provisions described above. 
 
 In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, (the "DGCL"), prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15.0 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: 
 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty; 
 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action or we do not enforce such provision, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On February 27, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with certain existing accredited investors for the private placement of (i) 3,244,689 shares of our common stock at a price of 17.07 per share and (ii) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,046,065 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 17.06 per Pre-Funded Warrant, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 499.3 million. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 0.01 and will be exercisable until exercised in full. The holders of Pre-Funded Warrants may not exercise a Pre-Funded Warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. The holders of Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease such percentage not in excess of 19.99 , in the case of an increase, by providing at least 61 days prior notice to the Company. The private placement closed on February 29, 2024, subject to customary closing conditions. We intend to use the net proceeds from the private placement to support our ongoing research and development activities, the acceleration and expansion of our proprietary BBB-crossing TV technology, as well as general corporate purposes and working capital. We filed a registration statement on March 22, 2024 for purposes of registering the shares of common stock sold in the private placement (including the shares of common stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants). We also granted a certain investor certain director nomination and additional registration rights, subject to certain exceptions, conditions, and limitations. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

We are relying on the exemptions from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act with respect to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, and we filed a Form D with respect to the private placement. 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 In October 2022, we sold 11.9 million shares of common stock (inclusive of shares sold pursuant to an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters in connection with the offering) through an underwritten public offering at a price of 26.50 per share for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 296.2 million. 
 There have been no material changes in the planned use of the net proceeds from the follow-on public offering as described in the final prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on October 20, 2022. We have invested the funds received in short to intermediate term, interest-bearing investment-grade securities and government securities. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) In each case, the trading arrangement may expire on an earlier date if and when all transactions under the arrangement are completed. 

No other officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and/or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the third quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Number Filing Date 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Incline XBRL document Furnished herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Furnished herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Furnished herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Furnished herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Furnished herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Furnished herewith 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Furnished herewith 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Denali Therapeutics Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and this exhibit has been filed separately with the SEC. 

107 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 DENALI THERAPEUTICS INC. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Ryan J. Watts Ryan J. Watts, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Alexander O. Schuth Alexander O. Schuth, M.D. Chief Operating and Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

108 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan J. Watts, Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Ryan J. Watts 
 Ryan J. Watts, Ph.D. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Alexander O. Schuth, M.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Denali Therapeutics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Alexander O. Schuth 
 Alexander O. Schuth, M.D. 
 Chief Operating and Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Ryan J. Watts, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of Denali Therapeutics Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that 
 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Ryan J. Watts Name Ryan J. Watts, Ph.D. Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Alexander O. Schuth, M.D., Chief Operating and Financial Officer of Denali Therapeutics Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that 
 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Alexander O. Schuth Name Alexander O. Schuth, M.D. Title Chief Operating and Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dnli-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dnli-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dnli-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dnli-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dnli-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

