<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1985375_0001213900-24-096907.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5354045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112940</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1184824</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1184526</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1255883</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1512213</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096907.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112170920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096907
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001985375
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01659
		FILM NUMBER:		241449766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-888-3413

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Muzinich Direct Lending Income Fund, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096907.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0220733-10q_muzinich.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly Period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The issuer had shares of common stock,
 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of November 12, 2024. 

Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. 

Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Index 
 
 Page No. 
 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and for the period September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 33 
 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 34 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 34 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 34 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 34 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 34 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 35 
 
 SIGNATURES 

36 

i 

Part
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements
of Assets and Liabilities 

As of 
September 30, 
2024 
(Unaudited) 
 As of 
December 31, 
2023 
 
 Assets: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables: 

Interest and other 
 
 -

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Management fees payable 
 
 -

Organizational and offering fees payable 
 
 -

Professional fees payable 
 
 -

Securities purchased 
 
 -

Incentive fees payable 

Accrued other general and administrative expenses 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 
 
 -

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 4) 
 -
 
 -

Net Assets: 

Preferred Shares, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Common Shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; and shares authorized, share issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Total distributable (accumulated) earnings (losses) 
 
 -

Total Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

For the 
 nine months 
ended 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the 
 three months 
 ended 
September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Period September 8, 2023 
 (commencement of operations) 
 through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 Investment Income 

Investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 

Interest income 

-

Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliated investments and cash equivalents: 

-

Total Investment Income 

-

Expenses: 

Management fees 

-

Organizational fees (Note 3) 
 
 -
 
 -

Offering fees (Note 3) 
 
 -
 
 -

Professional fees 

-

Directors fees and expenses 

-

Purchased accrued interest expense 

-

Incentive fees expense 

-

Other general and administrative expenses 

-

Total Expenses 

-

Net Investment Income 

-

Net Realized gains/(losses) and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Net realized gains (losses): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

-

Total net realized gains/(losses) 

-

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

-

Total net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

-

Total net realized gains/(losses) and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

-

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

-

Basic and diluted net investment income (loss) per common share 

-

Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share 

-

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted (See Note 8) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Net Assets 

For the 
nine months 
ended 
September 30, 
2024 (Unaudited) 
 For the 
three months 
ended 
September 30, 
2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Period 
September 8, 
2023 
 (commencement of
 operations) 
through 
September 30, 
2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

-

Total net realized gains/(losses) 

-

Total net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

-

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

-

Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Dividends and distributions to stockholders 

-

Dividends and distributions reinvested 

-

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

-

Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 
 
 -

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 
 
 -

Total Increase in Net Assets 

Net Assets, Beginning of Period 

-

Net Assets, End of Period 

Net asset value per share 

Common shares outstanding at the end of the Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the 
 nine months 
ended 
September 30, 
2024 
(Unaudited) 
 For the Period 
 September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 -

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 
 
 -

Net realized (gains)/losses on investments 
 
 -

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium on investments 
 
 -

Purchases and drawdowns of investments 
 
 -

Sales and maturities of and principal paydowns on investments 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest and other 
 
 -

Management fees payable 
 
 -

Organizational and offering fees payable 
 
 -

Professional fees payable 
 
 -

Securities purchased 
 
 -

Incentive fees payable 
 
 -

Accrued other general and administrative expenses 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Distributions paid in cash 
 
 -

Distributions reinvested 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule
of Investments 

As of September 30, 2024
(unaudited) 

Spread Above Interest 
Rate/ 
Discount Acquisition Maturity/Expiration Principal / Fair Percentage 
of Net Portfolio Company Industry Index Floor Rate Date Date Units Cost (1) Value (3) Assets Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Corporate Bond Investments Allied Universal Holdco Services N/A
 8/1/2024, 8/8/2024, 9/16/2024, 9/17/2024 Alpha Generation Llc Utilities N/A
 American Airlines/aadvan Airlines N/A
 
 Antero Resources Corp Energy N/A
 Brinker International In Restaurants N/A
 Buckeye Partners Lp Energy N/A
 Carnival Corp Leisure N/A
 Century Communities Homebuilders/Real Estate N/A
 Cloud Software Grp Inc Technology N/A
 5/8/2024, 9/19/2024 Dave Buster s Inc Restaurants N/A
 
 Energizer Holdings Inc Consumer-Products N/A
 Harvest Midstream I Lp Energy N/A
 Howard Midstream Energy Energy N/A
 Intelligent Packaging Containers N/A
 Ken Garff Automotive Llc Super Retail N/A
 Ladder Cap Fin Lllp/corp Homebuilders/Real Estate N/A
 1/23/2024, 6/17/2024 Lifepoint Health Inc Healthcare N/A
 9/10/2024, 9/11/2024 Lightning Power Llc Utilities N/A
 8/7/2024, 8/16/2024 
 Mcgraw-hill Education Publishing/Printing N/A
 9/11/2024, 9/12/2024 Nationstar Mtg Hld Inc Diversified Financial Services N/A
 Nationstar Mtg Hld Inc Diversified Financial Services N/A
 Olympus Wtr Us Hldg Corp Chemicals N/A
 Owens-brockway Containers N/A
 Pactiv Evergreen Group Containers N/A
 
 Penn Entertainment Inc Gaming N/A
 2/14/2024, 2/15/2024, 2/20/2024, 2/22/2024 Prime Healthcare Service Healthcare N/A
 8/15/2029, 8/29/2024 Provident Fdg/pfg Fin Diversified Financial Services N/A
 9/10/2024, 9/17/2024 Rocket Software Inc Technology N/A
 Rockies Express Pipeline Energy N/A
 Scih Salt Holdings Inc Chemicals N/A
 9/3/2024, 9/4/2024 Service Properties Trust Homebuilders/Real Estate N/A
 2/1/2024, 6/6/2024 Shea Homes Lp/fndg Cp Homebuilders/Real Estate N/A
 7/8/2024, 7/9/2024 Standard Industries Inc Building Materials N/A
 
 Transdigm Inc Aerospace/Defense N/A
 Univision Communications Broadcasting N/A
 Venture Global Lng Inc Energy N/A
 7/22/2024, 7/24/2024 Victra Hldg/victra Fin Super Retail N/A
 Wash Multifam Acq Inc Services N/A
 9/10/2024, 9/11/2024 Windstream Escrow Llc Telecommunications N/A
 8/28/2024, 8/29/2024 Wr Grace Holding Llc Chemicals N/A
 Total Corporate Bond Investments Senior Secured Loan Debt Investments 
 PSA Worldwide T/L (2) Diversified Support Services N/A -
 Arcline FM Holdings, LLC Capital Goods -
 7/19/2024, 8/12/2024 Autokiniton US Holdings, Inc. Automotive Auto Parts -
 Boxer Paren Co Inc(AKA Banff Merger Sub Inc) Technology -
 Clydesdale Acquisition Holdings Inc Containers 5/28/2024, 9/5/2024 Cushman Wakefield US Borrower LLC Homebuilders/Real Estate Dragon Buyer Inc. Diversified Financial Services -
 Fortress Trans Infrast Technology -
 Leslies Poolmart Inc Super Retail -
 
 Madison Safety Flow LLC Building Materials -
 Mauser Packaging Solut Containers -
 Nvent Thermal LLC Capital Goods -
 9/12/2024, 9/16/2024 Tamko Building Products, LLC Building Materials -
 6/18/24, 6/27/2024 Thunder Generation Funding LLC Technology -
 Verde Purchaser LLC Containers -
 Wilsonart LLC Building Materials -
 Total Senior Secured Loan Debt Investments Equity Investments - Preferred Stock PSA Holdings, LLC (2) Diversified Support Services N/A N/A
 N/A
 
 Total Preferred Stock Total Equity Investments 
 Short-Term Investments United States Treasury Bill (3) N/A N/A N/A
 United States Treasury Bill (3) N/A N/A N/A
 Total Short-Term Investments Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments Total Affiliated Investments -
 -
 Total Investments Assets in Excess of Other liabilities Net assets 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

per share Common Stock to investors in multiple closings Closings in reliance
on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act (such offerings,
 Private Offerings ). The Company seeks to raise equity capital through the Private Offerings on a continuous basis through
one or more Closings. To be accepted, an investor s subscription request, including the full subscription amount, must be received
in accordance with the provisions of the subscription agreement at least five business days prior to the respective Closing (unless waived
by the Company). 

In March 2024, the Company established
a wholly owned subsidiary named Muzinich Corporate Lending Holding LLC Subsidiary ). The Subsidiary holds equity or equity-like
investments in partnerships. All intercompany balances are eliminated in consolidation, and the Company is consolidated with the Subsidiary
for accounting purposes, but the Subsidiary is not consolidated with the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may incur U.S.
federal income tax expense as a result. 

Fiscal Year End 

The Company s fiscal year ends
on December 31. 

6 

interest. Accordingly, the Company s consolidated financial statements include its accounts and the accounts of the Subsidiary.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

7 

and 
respectively. 

8 

9 

10 

of its investment
company taxable income, which is generally its net ordinary taxable income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital
gains over its realized net long-term capital losses. 

nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income, it must distribute annually an amount at least
equal to the sum of (i) of its net ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) of its capital gains in excess of capital losses
for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income and net capital gains that it recognized
for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which the Company paid no U.S. federal income tax. The Company,
at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay a nondeductible U.S. federal excise
tax on this income. 

11 

. 

Management Fees 

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory
Agreement, the Company s Adviser accrues, on a quarterly basis in arrears, a management fee (the Base Management Fee at an annual rate of of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable
quarter. Such amount shall be appropriately adjusted (based on the number of days actually elapsed relative to the total number of days
in such calendar quarter) for any share issuances or repurchases by the Company during a calendar quarter. The Base Management Fee for
any partial quarter shall be appropriately pro-rated (based on the number of days actually elapsed relative to the total number of days
in such quarter). Net assets for purposes of calculating the Base Management Fee means the Company s total assets
less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, the Company incurred
Base Management Fees of , , and , respectively. 

Incentive Fee 

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory
Agreement, the Company incurs an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee payable to the Adviser. 

The Incentive Fee consists of two components
that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive
Fee is based on a percentage of the Company s income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Company s capital gains,
each as described below. 

Incentive Fee Based on Income 

The portion of the Incentive Fee based
on the Company s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income
Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Company s
net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other
fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees
or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating
expenses accrued for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, fees and expenses payable under the Company s administration
agreement with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC U.S. Bank, and in such capacity, the Administrator (the Administration
Agreement ), and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and
outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the Incentive Fee). 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income
Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind
interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income
Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income
Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter,
is compared to a hurdle rate of return of per quarter annualized). 

The Company will pay the Adviser an
Incentive Fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar
quarter as follows: 

12 

of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Incentive Fee based on capital gains as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Each year, the fee paid for the Incentive
Fee based on capital gains is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid Incentive Fee based on capital gains for all prior periods.
The Company will accrue, but will not pay, an Incentive Fee based on capital gains with respect to unrealized appreciation because an
Incentive Fee based on capital gains would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital
gain. 

If the Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminated prior to the termination of the Company (other than an instance in which the Adviser voluntarily terminates the agreement),
the Company will pay to the Adviser an Incentive Fee payment in connection with such termination (the Termination Incentive Fee
Payment ). The Termination Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the date the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated
and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Adviser if (a) all investments were liquidated for their then-current
value (but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any investment), and any unamortized deferred investment-related
fees would be deemed accelerated, (b) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all the Company s outstanding liabilities,
and (c) the remainder were distributed to stockholders and paid as an Incentive Fee in accordance with the incentive fee calculation methodology,
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 205(b)(3) of the Advisers Act. The Company will make the Termination Incentive Fee Payment
in cash on or immediately following the date the Investment Advisory Agreement is so terminated. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement was
approved for an initial two-year term on September 14, 2023, and will remain in full force and effect for successive one-year periods
thereafter, but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of a majority of the members
of the Board who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company (the Independent
Directors and in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act, and (b) by a vote of (1) a majority of the Board or (2) a majority
of the Company s outstanding voting securities. The Investment Advisory Agreement may, on 60 days written notice to the other
party, be terminated in its entirety at any time without the payment of any penalty, by the Company (following determination by the Board
or by vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities), or by the Adviser. The Investment Advisory Agreement shall
automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, the Company incurred
Incentive Fees of , , and , respectively. 

Administration Agreement 

The Company has entered into an administration
servicing agreement (the Administration Agreement with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC, doing business as U.S. Bank Global
Fund Services U.S. Bank or the Administrator ), pursuant to which the Administrator provides administrative
and recordkeeping services necessary for the Company to operate. 

Resource Sharing Agreement 

The Adviser has entered into a resource
sharing agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement with Muzinich, pursuant to which Muzinich makes certain personnel and
resources available to the Adviser to provide certain investment advisory services to the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement.
Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Adviser draws on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment
structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring, and operational experience of Muzinich s investment professionals.
The Resource Sharing Agreement may be terminated by either party on 60 days notice, which, if terminated, may have a material adverse
effect on the Company s operations. 

13 

and , respectively,
and are disclosed within Professional fees payable and Accrued other general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements
of Assets and Liabilities. 

Shares Held by Affiliated Accounts 

As of September 30, 2024, certain entities
affiliated with the Adviser held shares of the Company. Muzinich held share of the Company, or approximately of the outstanding
shares of the Company. 

Co-Investment Exemptive Order 

On February 2, 2021, the SEC issued
an exemptive order (the Exemptive Order which permits the Company to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds
or entities managed by the Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited
under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Exemptive Order. Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, the Company is permitted to co-invest
with certain of its affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s
Independent Directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1)
the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and
its stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and
(2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with
its then-current investment objective and strategies. 

Investments in Affiliates 

Affiliated companies are those that
are affiliated persons of the Company, as defined in section 2(a)(3) of the 1940 Act. They include, among other entities,
issuers of which or more of their outstanding voting securities are held by the Company. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, the Company had no transactions
with affiliated companies. 

Senior Secured Loan Debt Instruments 

Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 

Short-Term Investments 

Total Investments 

The Company did not have any investments in its portfolio
as of December 31, 2023. 

14 

of the Company s investments
as of September 30, 2024 were within the United States. The industry composition of investments based on fair value, as a percentage of
net assets, as of September 30, 2024 was as follows (the following table does not include short-term investments): 

Containers 

Homebuilders/Real Estate 

Diversified Support Services 

Technology 

Chemicals 

Building Materials 

Restaurants 

Healthcare 

Services 

Diversified Financial Services 

Super Retail 

Consumer-Products 

Capital Goods 

Aerospace/Defense 

Broadcasting 

Leisure 

Publishing/Printing 

Airlines 

Utilities 

Telecommunications 

Automotive Auto Parts 

Gaming 

Total 

15 

-

Senior Secured Loan Debt Instruments 
 -

Equity Investments - Preferred Stock 
 -
 
 -

Short-Term Investments 
 -

-

Total 
 -

The Company did not have any investments in its portfolio
as of December 31, 2023. 

Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 

Realized gain (loss) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -

Fair value, end of period 

Proceeds from principal pre-payments and sales of investments 
 -

Realized gain (loss) 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 
 -

Transfers into (out of) Level 3 
 -

Fair value, end of period 

The Company did not have any investments in its portfolio for the period
from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023. 

16 

Equity Investments Preferred Stock 

Total 

The following tables present quantitative
information about the significant unobservable inputs of the Company s Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2024. 

Equity Investments - preferred Stock x x Total 

1) Privately held assets
 without available third-party pricing or trading information. 

For the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations)
through September 30, 2023, the Company had the following Common Stock issuances: 

Distributions 

August 8, 2024 

For the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations)
through September 30, 2023, the Company did not declare any distributions. 

17 

August 8, 2024 

Weighted average common shares of common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share 

18 

Results of Operations: 

Net Investment Income (Loss) (1) 

-

Net Realized Gains/(Losses) and Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) 
 
 -

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 
 -

Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Distributions from Net Investment Income 
 
 -

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Distributions 
 
 -

Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of Common Stock (2) 
 
 -

Net Increase (Decrease) Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 
 
 -

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Shares Outstanding, End of Period 

Ratio/Supplemental Data 

Net assets, end of period 

Weighted-average shares outstanding (3) 

Total Return (4) 

Portfolio turnover (5) 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (6) 

Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets (6) 

of Organizational Expenses, which were deemed to be non-recurring. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, for an aggregate offering price of . The sale of shares was made
pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and its investors. 

On November 7, 2024, the Company declared
a distribution of per share, or , payable on November 21, 2024. 

On November 7, 2024, the Board of Directors
of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s DRP to clarify the method of calculation for the number of shares issuable
under the DRP upon the Board s declaration of a cash dividend. The amended DRP is effective as of November 21, 2024. 

19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless indicated otherwise, the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc., and the Adviser refers to Muzinich Direct Lending Adviser, LLC, an
affiliate of Muzinich Co., Inc. (together with the Adviser and their other affiliates, collectively, Muzinich ). 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations,
estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the Company and/or Muzinich. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, project, 
 estimate, intend, continue or believe or the negatives thereof, or other variations
thereon or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies,
prospects and expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that
it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, information in this Form 10-Q regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to
operate as a business development company BDC and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies.
In particular, there are forward-looking statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors
referenced under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, as well as any cautionary language in this Form 10-Q, provide examples
of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking
statements. You should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us
in this Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause actual results to differ may emerge
from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

The following factors are among those that may
cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

risk associated with possible disruptions in our operations or the economy generally, including the current conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas; 

changes in the general interest rate environment; 

general economic, political and industry trends and other external factors, including uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States and other countries; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with our Adviser and its affiliates; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest; 

20 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the timing and amount of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of our Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of our Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a BDC and as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code 

the impact on our business of U.S. and international financial reform legislation, rules and regulations; 

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which
these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, some of those assumptions are based on the work of third parties and any of
those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate; as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove
to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Form 10-Q
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include
those referenced in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part II of this Form 10-Q and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not
undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required
by applicable law. 

21 

Subject to the overall supervision of our Board
of Directors (the Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, the Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides
investment advisory services to us. The Adviser is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment
adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and manages our investment activities
pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with us. The Adviser has entered into a
resource sharing agreement with Muzinich Co., Inc., pursuant to which Muzinich Co., Inc. makes certain personnel and resources
available to the Adviser to provide certain investment advisory services to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the Investment
Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser fees for investment management services consisting of a Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee (each
as defined below). The Incentive Fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component
may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based
on a percentage of our capital gains. See the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q for more information. 

We have also entered into an administration services
agreement (the Administration Agreement with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC U.S. Bank, and in such capacity,
the Administrator ), pursuant to which the Administrator provides the administrative and recordkeeping services necessary
for us to operate. In addition, we have entered into a fund accounting servicing agreement with U.S. Bank (the Fund Accounting
Servicing Agreement ), pursuant to which U.S. Bank provides accounting services to us. We will reimburse U.S. Bank for all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by U.S. Bank in providing these services, as provided by the Administration Agreement and Fund Accounting
Servicing Agreement, respectively. 

The Board has ultimate authority as to our investments,
but it delegates authority to the Adviser to select and monitor our investments, subject to the supervision of the Board. A majority of
the Board will at all times consist of members who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940
Act (the Independent Directors ). 

Private Offerings and Liquidity Events 

We are a non-exchange traded, perpetual-life BDC,
which is a BDC whose shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market. We use the term perpetual-life
BDC to describe an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares are intended to be sold by the BDC on a continuous basis
at a price generally equal to the BDC s net asset value NAV per share. We reserve the right to issue shares of our
Common Stock at a price above the then-calculated NAV per share to allocate initial organizational and offering expenses to newly admitted
stockholders at any Subsequent Closing (as defined below). We may not sell any Common Stock below NAV per share, except pursuant to Section
23(b) or Section 63(2) of the 1940 Act. 

In our perpetual-life structure, we intend, subject
to the Adviser s commercially reasonable judgment and the Board s sole discretion, to offer to repurchase our stockholders 
Common Stock on a quarterly basis beginning in the first full calendar quarter following the second anniversary of the Initial Closing
Date (as defined herein), but we are not obligated to offer to repurchase Common Stock in any quarter in our discretion. Quarterly repurchases
will be limited to 5 of our Common Stock outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV), as determined by the Board in its
discretion. Any repurchase program will be subject to our available cash, compliance with the RIC qualification and diversification rules,
the 1940 Act, and Rule 13e-4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Board will have
discretion to commence, amend, or suspend any share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in the best interests of stockholders.
We believe that our perpetual nature will enable us to execute a patient and opportunistic strategy and be able to invest across different
market environments. A perpetual-life structure may reduce the risk of us being a forced seller of assets in market downturns compared
to non-perpetual funds. 

We have conducted and expect to conduct private
offerings Private Offerings of our Common Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Common Stock will be offered and sold during Private Offerings
(i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
thereunder, and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, and (ii)
outside of the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Within the United States, shares of Common Stock are
being offered solely to investors that are accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. 

22 

We seek to raise equity capital through private
placements on a continuous basis through one or more closings Closings ), at which we accept funds from investors in connection
with such investors purchases of shares of Common Stock (the first such Closing, the Initial Closing, and each subsequent
closing, a Subsequent Closing ). The Initial Closing occurred on January 19, 2024 (the Initial Closing Date ).
Each Subsequent Closing will generally occur on a quarterly basis on the first day of each quarter (based on the NAV per share as determined
as of the previous day (i.e . , the last day of the preceding quarter) or on a date as determined by the Adviser in its sole discretion). 

The Board may, in its sole discretion, cause us
to conduct a Liquidity Event, which is defined as including (1) an initial public offering IPO or listing
of our securities on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing ), or (2) a Sale Transaction. A Sale Transaction 
means (a) the sale of all or substantially all of our assets to, or other liquidity event with, another entity or (b) a transaction or
series of transactions, including by way of merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization, or sale of stock, in each case for
consideration of either cash and/or publicly listed securities of the acquirer. A Sale Transaction also may include a sale, merger or
other transaction with one or more affiliated investment companies managed by the Adviser. We do not anticipate seeking stockholder approval
to engage in a Liquidity Event, unless stockholder consent is required by applicable law. The decision to cause us to conduct a Liquidity
Event will take into consideration factors such as prevailing market conditions at the time and our portfolio composition. Our ability
to commence and consummate a Liquidity Event is not assured, and will depend on a variety of factors, including the size and composition
of our portfolio and prevailing market conditions at the time. 

Should the Board determine to cause us to conduct
a Liquidity Event, each stockholder will be required to cooperate with us and take all actions, execute all documents and provide all
consents as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to consummate a Liquidity Event, it being understood that we may, subject to applicable
Delaware law and the 1940 Act and without obtaining the consent of any stockholders, make modifications to our constitutive documents,
capital structure and governance arrangements so long as, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, (x) the economic interests of our stockholders
are not materially diminished or materially impaired, (y) such modifications are consistent with the requirements applicable to BDCs under
the 1940 Act and (z) such modifications are not inconsistent with the provisions set forth in our Private Placement Memorandum. 

Upon completion of any Liquidity Event, pre-existing
stockholders may also be required to enter into a lock-up agreement with the underwriters of any Liquidity Event or otherwise for a period
not to exceed 180 days (or such longer period as may be required or determined to be advisable by the underwriters of the IPO or otherwise
based on prevailing market conditions and practice at the time). 

Investment Objectives and Strategy 

Our investment objective
is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation through investments in secured debt, including first lien,
second lien and unitranche debt, as well as unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt and, to a lesser extent, in equity instruments of
private companies. We intend to invest primarily in privately owned U.S. middle-market companies that require capital for growth, acquisitions,
recapitalizations, refinancings and leveraged buyouts. We seek to partner with strong management teams executing long-term growth strategies
that have credit worthy businesses. We may also from time to time invest in larger or smaller or non-U.S. companies. We generally use
the term middle-market to refer to companies with earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and
amortization, or EBITDA, generally between 3 million and 100 million annually, but will typically target businesses with
EBITDA between 3 million and 25 million annually. We use the term unitranche to generally refer to debt instruments that
combine characteristics of first lien senior secured loans as well as second lien and subordinated loans. Unitranche loans typically include
covenants prohibiting or significantly restricting the ability of an issuer to grant liens that would create a security interest senior
to the lien created in connection with the unitranche loan. We use the term mezzanine to refer to an unsecured loan that
typically ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s
other indebtedness. We expect to invest in primary origination investments and also expect to invest a portion of our assets in more liquid
credit investments (as described below). We expect to source our primary origination investments through the Adviser s and its affiliates 
networks of relationships with financial intermediaries (including local and regional investment banks), private equity investment firms,
lawyers, accountants, experienced senior management teams and other middle-market lenders. We may seek investment opportunities where
we are the sole investor in an investment, and also may seek opportunities to invest alongside one or more other investors. We expect
to invest across a number of different industries. 

23 

Under normal circumstances,
we will invest at least 80 of our total assets in debt instruments of corporate issuers, including directly originated loans, club deals
(investments generally made by a small group of lenders), broadly syndicated loans BSLs (investments generally arranged
or underwritten by investment banks or other intermediaries), high yield and/or investment grade bonds, structured credit investments
(including indebtedness issued by collateralized loan obligation vehicles CLOs )), and other debt-related instruments. The
Adviser may, without limitation, lead and structure a transaction as sole lender, as the agent of a club credit facility (a group of similar
direct lenders), or may participate as a non-agent investor in a large club or syndicated transactions. If we change our 80 policy, we
will provide stockholders with at least 60 days prior notice of such change. 

Although we plan to invest
primarily in debt instruments of privately owned U.S. middle-market companies, we may invest a portion of our capital opportunistically
in other types of investments, such as in debt instruments of foreign companies, large U.S. companies, and publicly held U.S. middle market
companies, BSLs, CLOs, securities of other RICs, bridge financings, and/or equity instruments of private companies. The proportion of
these types of investments will change over time given our views on, among other things, the economic and credit environment in which
we are operating, although these types of investments generally will not constitute more than 30 of our total assets. We intend to use
open-market secondary purchases to maintain liquidity for our share repurchase program and to manage cash before investing subscription
proceeds into origination investments, while also seeking attractive investment returns. Secondary purchases may consist of cash, cash
equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, such
that 70 of our assets would be qualifying assets. 

We expect to co-invest
with Muzinich and its affiliates pursuant to an exemptive order from the SEC issued on March 2, 2021 (the Order permitting
us to co-invest with certain affiliates. The Board has determined that it is advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts managed
by the Adviser or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions
as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent limitations, including the terms and conditions set forth in the Order. 

ESG Investment Criteria 

We avoid investing in companies that Muzinich
considers to be fundamentally unsustainable in accordance with (i) certain exclusion criteria and (ii) Muzinich s proprietary environmental,
social and governance ESG scoring systems. Exclusion criteria are assessed prior to investment, and in case of our private
debt investments will be applied only at the time of investment. Information on company conduct or involvement in excluded industries
is sourced either from independent ESG data providers or directly from the companies themselves. 

Key Components of Our Results of Operations 

Investments 

Our level of investment activity will vary substantially
from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt available to middle-market companies, the general economic
environment and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make. 

Revenues 

We expect to generate revenues in the form of
interest income from the debt securities we hold and dividends and capital appreciation on either direct equity investments or equity
interests obtained in connection with originating loans, such as options, warrants or conversion rights. We expect most of the debt securities
we will hold will be floating rate in nature. The debt we invest in will typically not be rated by any rating agency, but if it were,
it is likely that such debt would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc.
and lower than BBB- by Fitch Ratings, Inc. or Standard Poor s Rating Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies,
Inc.), which is an indication of having predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest
and repay principal. We intend to structure our debt investments with interest payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually, but we may
structure certain investments with terms to provide for longer interest payment periods or to allow interest to be paid by adding amounts
due to the principal balance of the loan, resulting in deferred cash receipts. In addition, we may also generate revenue in the form of
commitment, loan origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, and
possibly consulting fees. Certain of these fees may be capitalized and amortized as additional interest income over the life of the related
loan. 

24 

Expenses 

We anticipate that all investment professionals
and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the base compensation,
bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by
the Adviser and its affiliates. 

We will bear all other costs and expenses of our
operations, administration and transactions, including, without limitation, those described in Item 1. Business Fees and
Expenses in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2023. 

From time to time, our Adviser or its affiliates
may pay amounts owed by us to third-party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse our Adviser for such amounts
paid on our behalf. There is no contractual cap on the amount of reasonable costs and expenses for which our Adviser will be reimbursed. 

We may also enter into a credit facility or other
debt arrangements to partially fund our operations, and could incur costs and expenses including commitment, origination, legal and/or
structuring fees and the related interest costs associated with any amounts borrowed. 

We have a limited operating history, and therefore
this statement concerning additional expenses is necessarily an estimate and may not match our actual results of operations in the future. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 56 debt investments
totaling 59,426,776, and 1 equity investment totaling 480,672 across 55 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately
 59.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, our debt investments consisted of corporate bonds and senior secured loans. Short-term investments
as of September 30, 2024 consisted of United States Treasury bills that will expire within one hundred and twenty days of purchase, with
an aggregate fair value of approximately 7.4 million. 

The Company s investment activity for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 is presented below (information presented herein is at cost unless otherwise indicated). 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 
 New investments: 

Gross investment purchases 
 168,794,315 
 
 Less: sold investments 
 (102,642,943 
 
 Total new investments 
 66,151,372 

Principal/par/units amount of investments funded: 

Corporate Bond Investments 
 41,895,576 
 
 Term loan debt investments 
 17,531,200 
 
 Equity investments 
 480,672 

Number of new investment commitments 
 100 
 
 Average new investment commitment amount 
 1,332,777 
 
 Weighted average maturity for new investment commitments 
 3.5 years 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at floating rates 
 42 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at fixed rates 
 58 
 
 Weighted average spread SOFR of new floating rate investment commitments 
 3.72 

25 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company s investments consisted
of the following: 

September 30, 2024 

Percentage of Total 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Investments at 

Cost 
 Value 
 Fair Value 
 
 Corporate Bond Investments 
 41,315,505 
 41,895,576 
 62.22 
 
 Senior secured loan debt instruments 
 17,431,672 
 17,531,200 
 26.03 
 
 Equity investments Preferred Stock 
 495,570 
 480,672 
 0.71 
 
 Short-term investments 
 7,433,255 
 7,434,984 
 11.04 
 
 Total Investments 
 66,676,002 
 67,342,432 
 100.00 

As of September 30, 2023, we did not have any
investments. 

The Adviser believes that actively managing an
investment allows it to identify problems early and work with companies to develop constructive solutions when necessary. The Adviser
will monitor our portfolio with a focus toward anticipating negative credit events. In seeking to maintain portfolio company performance
and to help ensure a successful exit, the Adviser will work closely with, as applicable, the lead equity sponsor, portfolio company management,
consultants, advisers and other security holders to discuss financial position, compliance with covenants, financial requirements and
execution of the portfolio company s business plan. In addition, the Adviser s personnel may occupy a seat or serve as an
observer on a portfolio company s board of directors or similar governing body. 

Typically, we will receive financial reports detailing
operating performance, sales volumes, margins, cash flows, financial position and other key operating metrics on a quarterly basis from
portfolio companies. The Adviser will use this data, combined with the knowledge gained through due diligence of the company s customers,
suppliers, competitors, market research and other methods, to conduct an ongoing assessment of the portfolio company s operating
performance and prospects. 

Results of Operations 

The following table presents our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the period from September
8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 
 
 Total investment income 
 4,488,529 
 1,389,351 
 - 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,213,976 
 800,136 
 - 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 1,274,553 
 589,215 
 - 
 
 Total net realized gains (losses) 
 53,430 
 51,719 
 - 
 
 Total net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 
 666,429 
 550,208 
 - 
 
 Total net realized and unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 
 719,859 
 601,927 
 - 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 1,994,412 
 1,191,142 
 - 

Investment Income 

The following table presents our investment income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the period from September
8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 
 
 Interest from corporate bonds, and term loan debt instruments 
 4,488,529 
 1,389,351 
 - 
 
 Commitment fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest from cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest from short-term investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total investment income 
 4,488,529 
 1,389,351 
 - 

Investment income increased from 0 for the period from September
8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 to 4,488,529 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result
of the addition of investments to our portfolio. 

26 

Expenses 

Operating expenses for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 were as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the 
 period from 
September 8, 
2023 
(commencement 
of operations) 
through 
September 30, 
2023 
 
 Management fees 
 627,602 
 226,972 
 - 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 2,586,374 
 573,164 
 - 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,213,976 
 800,136 
 - 

Total expenses increased from 0 for the period from September 8, 2023
(commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023 to 3,213,976 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to an
increase in management fees as a result of investment activity. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We expect to generate cash from (1) future
offerings of our Common Stock or preferred stock, (2) cash flows from operations and (3) borrowings from banks or other lenders. We will
seek to enter into any bank debt, credit facility or other financing arrangements on at least customary market terms; however, we cannot
assure you we will be able to do so. 

Our primary use of cash will be for (1) investments
in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations
(including paying the Adviser), (3) debt service of any borrowings and (4) cash distributions to the holders of our Common Stock. 

In addition to using proceeds from the Private
Offerings to make investments, our expectation is to also borrow funds to make investments. This is known as leverage and
may cause us to be more volatile than if we had not been leveraged. This is because leverage tends to exaggerate the effect of any increase
or decrease in the value of our net assets. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, following approval from our initial stockholder of the
reduced asset coverage requirements under Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, which approval became effective on September 13, 2023, we
are currently permitted to issue senior securities only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, equals at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. For purposes of the 1940 Act, asset coverage means the
ratio of (1) the total assets of a BDC, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to (2) the aggregate
amount of senior securities representing indebtedness (plus, in the case of senior securities represented by preferred stock, the aggregate
involuntary liquidation preference of such BDC s preferred stock). Under the 1940 Act, any preferred stock we may issue will constitute
a senior security for purposes of the 150 asset coverage test. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding,
we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities
or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. 

In connection with borrowings, our lenders may
require us to pledge assets, investor commitments to fund capital calls and/or the proceeds of those capital calls, thereby allowing the
lender to call for capital contributions upon the occurrence of an event of default under such financing arrangement. In addition, the
lenders may ask us to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 

27 

Equity Activity 

We have the authority to issue 1,000,000 shares
of Common Stock at a 0.001 per share par value. Additionally, we have the authority to issue 15,000 shares of preferred stock at a 0.001
per share par value. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we issued 72,054.6 shares of Common Stock. During the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30,
2023, we issued 1 share of Common Stock. 

In conjunction with our formation, we issued and
sold one share of Common Stock to Muzinich Co., Inc., an affiliate of the Adviser, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000. The
share of Common Stock was issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

Contractual Obligations 

We have entered into certain contracts under which
we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, under which the Adviser
determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature
and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; identifies, evaluates and negotiates investments we make
and/or the structure thereof (including, without limitation, performing due diligence with respect to any instrument and/or company in
which we may invest); buys, sells, exchanges, redeems, holds, converts or otherwise deals with and/or executes transactions with respect
to, any kind of security or other property in which we may invest; services and monitors our investments, including, without limitation,
by exercising or refraining from exercising any right conveyed by a particular investment to buy, sell, subscribe for, exchange or redeem
an investment; exercises or refrains from exercising any governance or ownership right conferred by a particular investment; enters into
any foreign exchange and/or derivative transactions; and provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services
as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds and/or which the Adviser reasonably considers to be necessary,
desirable or incidental to carrying out the services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement,
we pay the Adviser fees for investment management services consisting of a Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee. The Incentive Fee consists
of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion
of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains. 

Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the
Administrator will provide the administrative and recordkeeping services necessary for us to operate. In addition, we have entered into
a fund accounting servicing agreement with U.S. Bank, pursuant to which U.S. Bank will provide accounting services to us. 

Hedging 

We may, but are not required to, enter into interest
rate, foreign exchange or other derivative agreements to hedge interest rate, currency, credit or other risks, but we do not generally
intend to enter into any such derivative agreements for speculative purposes. Any derivative agreements entered into for speculative purposes
are not expected to be material to our business or results of operations. These hedging activities, which will be in compliance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements, may include the use of futures, options and forward contracts. We will bear the costs incurred in connection
with entering into, administering and settling any such derivative contracts. There can be no assurance any hedging strategy we employ
will be successful. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We may become a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments
may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount
recognized in the balance sheet. As of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Discretionary Repurchase Program 

We do not intend to list our Common Stock on a
securities exchange and we do not expect there to be a public market for our Common Stock. As a result, if you purchase our Common Stock,
your ability to sell your shares of Common Stock will be limited. 

28 

Beginning in the first full calendar quarter following
the second anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, and subject to market conditions and the discretion of the Board, we intend to commence
a discretionary share repurchase program in which we intend to offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 our Common Stock outstanding
(either by number of shares or aggregate NAV), as determined by the Board in its discretion, as of the close of the previous calendar
quarter. Our directors may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action
to be in our best interest and/or the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter,
such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse
impact on us that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the
requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares of Common Stock purchased by us pursuant to
the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock. See the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2023 for more information regarding our discretionary repurchase program. 

We did not repurchase any Common Stock during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Valuation of Portfolio Securities 

The NAV per share of our outstanding Common Stock
is determined quarterly by dividing the fair value of total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
There is no guarantee that the NAV per share will be equal to the offering price of our Common Stock at any Closing, as we reserve the
right to issue shares of Common Stock at a price above the then-calculated NAV per share to allocate initial organizational and offering
expenses to newly admitted stockholders at any Subsequent Closing. 

We value our investments in accordance with the
valuation policies and procedures approved by the Board Valuation Policy ). In accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940
Act, the Board has designated the Adviser as our Valuation Designee . A readily available market quotation is not expected
to exist for most of the investments in our portfolio, and we will value these portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good
faith by the Valuation Designee, subject to oversight by the Board, as set forth below: 

1. 
 Our valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of our Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment and the Portfolio Committee of the Adviser; 

2. 
 Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management and that of our Adviser; 

3. 
 At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm; 

4. 
 In following these approaches, the types of factors that are taken into account in fair value pricing investments include, as relevant, but are not limited to: comparison to publicly-traded securities, including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality; the enterprise value of a portfolio company; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earning and discounted cash flow; and the markets in which the portfolio company does business; 

5. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board reviews the valuations of the Adviser on a quarterly basis; and 

6. 
 Our Board oversees our valuation process and in support of this oversight the Adviser provides periodic reports to the Board on valuation matters. 

Fair value, as defined under Topic 820 of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC 820 ), is the price that
we would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal
or most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 emphasizes that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable
market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use
in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect
the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent
of our Adviser. Unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the
best information available to us at the reporting period date. 

29 

Security Transactions, Realized/Unrealized
Gains or Losses and Appreciation or Depreciation, and Income Recognition 

Security transactions are recorded on a trade-date
basis. We will measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific identification method. The
amortized cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and
upfront loan origination fees. We will report changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net
change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in our statements of operations. 

Dividends 

We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our
stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. All dividends and distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare such an initial distribution or distributions in future periods.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared the following distributions. 

Record Date 
 Payable Date 
 Distribution Rate per Share 
 Distribution Paid 
 
 May 9, 2024 
 May 20, 2024 
 8.23 
 592,568 
 
 August 8, 2024 
 August 19, 2024 
 9.59 
 690,727 

We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify
annually, to be subject to tax as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify for taxation as a RIC, we must, among other things,
distribute to our stockholders on a timely basis each year at least 90 of our investment company taxable income. We intend to timely
distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each taxable year, except that we may retain certain
net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) for reinvestment and,
depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in
the following taxable year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be required to pay a 4 nondeductible U.S.
federal excise tax on certain undistributed income if our distributions in respect of a calendar year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98 
of our net ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending
on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and net capital gains that we recognized for preceding calendar years that
were not distributed during such calendar years and on which we did not pay any U.S. federal income tax. If we retain net capital gains,
we may treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our stockholders. In that case, you will be treated as if you had received an actual
distribution of the capital gains we retained and then you reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our Common Stock. In general, you
also will be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, obtain a tax refund) equal to your allocable share of the tax
we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to you. The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a taxable year may exceed our
taxable income for that taxable year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the calendar
year. Please refer to Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period
ended December 31, 2023 for further information regarding the tax treatment of our distributions and the tax consequences of our retention
of net capital gains. 

In addition, we have adopted a distribution reinvestment
plan DRP ), pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends and other distributions declared by the Board on behalf
of our stockholders who do not elect to receive their dividends or other distributions in cash as provided below. As a result, if the
Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our stockholders who have not opted out of our DRP will
have their cash dividends or other distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of Common Stock as described below, rather
than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. 

No action is required on the part of a registered
stockholder to have his, her or its cash dividend or other distribution reinvested in our shares of Common Stock. Stockholders can elect
to opt out of our DRP in their Subscription Agreement. 

If any stockholder initially elects not to participate,
they may later become a participant by subsequently completing and executing an enrollment form or any distribution authorization form
as may be available from us or any plan administrator we appoint (the Plan Administrator ). Participation in the DRP will
begin with the next distribution payable after acceptance of a participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares of
Common Stock will be issued to each stockholder who participates in the DRP (i) in the event that the applicable Reference NAV (as defined
below) has been approved by the Board (or a committee thereof) prior to the payment date of such cash distribution (the Payment
Date ), on the Payment Date or (ii) otherwise, promptly after the date that the Reference NAV has been approved by the Board (or
a committee thereof). 

30 

If a stockholder seeks to terminate its participation
in the DRP, notice of termination must be received by us or the Plan Administrator five business days in advance of the first calendar
day of the next quarter in order for a stockholder s termination to be effective for such quarter. Any transfer of shares of Common
Stock by a participant to a non-participant will terminate participation in the DRP with respect to the transferred shares. If a participant
elects to tender its shares of Common Stock in full, any shares of Common Stock issued to the participant under the DRP subsequent to
the expiration of the tender offer will be considered part of the participant s prior tender, and participant s participation
in the DRP will be terminated as of the valuation date of the applicable tender offer. Any distributions to be paid to such stockholder
on or after such date will be paid in cash on the scheduled distribution payment date. 

If a stockholder elects to opt out of the DRP,
it will receive any cash dividends or other distributions we declare in cash. We may pay any Plan Administrator fees under the DRP. 

The purchase price for shares of Common Stock
purchased under our DRP will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a DRP participant by the
NAV per share of our Common Stock as of the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date such distribution was declared
(the Reference NAV provided that in the event a distribution is declared on the last day of a fiscal quarter, the Reference
NAV shall be deemed to be the NAV per share of our Common Stock as of such day. Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to our DRP will
have the same voting rights as the shares of Common Stock offered pursuant to the Private Offerings. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, we issued 28.9 shares, 54.6 shares
and 0 shares under the DRP, respectively. 

Security Transactions, Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses and
Appreciation or Depreciation, and Income Recognition. 

Security transactions are recorded on a trade-date
basis. We will measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific identification method. The
amortized cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and
upfront loan origination fees. We will report changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net
change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in our statements of operations. 

Compensation of Adviser 

Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay
the Adviser fees for investment management services consisting of the Base Management Fee and the Incentive Fee. The Base Management Fee
and Incentive Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated (based on the number of days actually elapsed relative to the
total number of days in such quarter). 

Base Management Fee 

The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in
arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable quarter.
Such amount shall be appropriately adjusted (based on the number of days actually elapsed relative to the total number of days in such
calendar quarter) for any share issuances or repurchases we make during a calendar quarter. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement,
net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, we incurred Base Management Fees
of 226,972, 627,602, and 0, respectively. 

Incentive Fee 

The Incentive Fee consists of two components that
are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive
fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 

Incentive Fee Based on Income 

The portion of the Incentive Fee based on our
income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means,
as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate
preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing
managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from
portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the Base Management
Fee, fees and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between us and the Administrator, and any interest expense
or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding
the Incentive Fee). 

31 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns
include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK Payment-In-Kind interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns
do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns,
expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle
rate of return of 1.75 per quarter (7 annualized). 

We will pay the Adviser an Incentive Fee quarterly
in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 

No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.75 per quarter (7 annualized); 

100 of the dollar amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate until the Adviser has received 12.5 of the total Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns for that calendar quarter (the Company refers to this portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate) as the catch-up and 

12.5 of the dollar amount of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, once the Adviser has received the full catch-up. 

Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains 

The second component of the Incentive Fee, the
Incentive Fee on based capital gains, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 

12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Incentive Fee based on capital gains as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Each year, the fee paid for the Incentive Fee
based on capital gains is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid Incentive Fee based on capital gains for all prior periods.
We will accrue, but will not pay, an Incentive Fee based on capital gains with respect to unrealized appreciation because an Incentive
Fee based on capital gains would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and the period from September 8, 2023(commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, the Company incurred Incentive
Fees of 75,306, 90,052, and 0, respectively. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are subject to financial market risks, including
changes in interest rates. To the extent that we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon the
difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. A rise in the general level of interest
rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to the variable rate investments we may hold and to declines in the
value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. A rise in interest rates would also be expected to lead to higher costs on any outstanding
floating rate borrowings, which may reduce our net investment income. 

We intend to invest primarily in illiquid debt
and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we will value
these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser, overseen by the Board, in accordance with our Valuation Policy.
There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied
to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the
types of investments we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily
available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily
available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

Because we expect that most of our investments
will bear interest at floating rates, we anticipate that an increase in interest rates would have a corresponding increase in our interest
income that would likely offset any increase in our cost of funds and, thus, net investment income would not be reduced. However, there
can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have an adverse effect on our net investment income. 

32 

We expect that our long-term investments will
be financed primarily with equity and debt. If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to minimize
our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted
by the 1940 Act. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, any investments we make that are
denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These risks include the
possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls and
potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies involved. 

Interest Rate Risk 

Based on our Consolidated Statement of Assets
and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024, the following table shows the annualized impact on net investment income of hypothetical base
rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors and ceilings for floating rate instruments assuming no changes in our
investment and borrowing structure) in thousands. 

Basis Point Change 
 Interest Income 
 Interest Expense 
 Net Income 
 
 -25 Basis Points 
 (50 
 - 
 (50 
 
 Base Interest Rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 +100 Basis Points 
 200 
 - 
 200 
 
 +200 Basis Points 
 400 
 - 
 400 
 
 +300 Basis Points 
 600 
 - 
 600 

This analysis is indicative of the potential impact
on our investment income as of September 30, 2024, assuming an immediate and sustained change in interest rates as noted. In addition,
this analysis does not adjust for potential changes in our portfolio after September 30, 2024 nor does it take into account any changes
in the credit performance of our loans that might occur should interest rates change. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
the period from September 8, 2023 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2023, there were fifteen and zero floating rate loans
held, respectively. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

As of September 30, 2024 (the end of the period
covered by this report), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that
evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

(b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

33 

Part
II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Neither we nor the Adviser are currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against us or the Adviser. From
time to time, we or the Adviser may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation,
which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted
with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

Except as previously reported on our current reports
on Form 8-K, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that were not registered under
the Securities Act. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

(a) None 

(b) None 

(c) During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers 
or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense
conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

We have adopted insider trading policies
and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and disposition of our securities by our officers and directors that are reasonably designed
to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. 

34 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (1) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Distribution Reinvestment Plan 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56572) filed with the SEC on September 15, 2023. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Youle 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Youle 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

36 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea0220733ex10-1_muzinich.htm
 FORM OF DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN

Exhibit 10.1 

DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 

Effective: November 21, 2024 

This Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan is adopted
by Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc. (the Fund ). 

1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the
holders Stockholders of shares of the Fund s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Shares or Common
Stock ), pursuant to the Fund s private offering (the Offering and who do not opt out of participating in the
Plan (the Participants ), the Fund will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the Shares
held by each Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares
acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares for such Participant. 

2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan shall be the date
written above. 

3. Procedure for Participation. Any Stockholders
who subscribe for Shares will automatically become a Participant unless they elect not to become a Participant by noting such election
on their subscription agreement. If any Shareholder initially elects not to be a Participant, they may later become a Participant by subsequently
completing and executing an enrollment form or any appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Fund or such other person
as the Fund may appoint to act as administrator for the Plan (the Plan Administrator ). Participation in the Plan will begin
with the next Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares of Common
Stock issued pursuant to the Plan in connection with any cash distribution shall be issued to each Participant (i) in the event that the
applicable Reference NAV has been approved by the Fund s Board of Directors (the Board (or a committee thereof) prior
to the payment date of such cash distribution (the Payment Date ), on the Payment Date or (ii) otherwise, promptly after
the date that the Reference NAV (as defined below) has been approved by the Board (or a committee thereof). 

4. Purchase of Shares. The Fund shall use newly
issued Shares of its Common Stock to implement the Plan. The number of newly-issued Shares to be issued to a Participant shall be determined
by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Participant by the net asset value per share of the Company s
Common Stock as of the last day of the Company s fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date such distribution was declared (the
 Reference NAV ); provided that in the event a distribution is declared on the last day of a fiscal quarter, the Reference
NAV shall be deemed to be the net asset value per share of the Company s Common Stock as of such day. Shares issued pursuant to
the Plan will have the same voting rights as Shares issued pursuant to the Offering. The Fund shall pay the Plan Administrator s
fees under the Plan. 

5. Notice. Any notice or other communication required
or permitted to be given by any provision of this Plan shall be in writing and addressed to the Fund or to the Plan Administrator, or
such other addresses as may be specified by written notice to all Participants. Notices to a Participant may be given by letter addressed
to the Participant at the Participant s last address of record with the Fund. Each Participant shall notify the Fund promptly in
writing of any change of address. Notices to a Participant may also be given by email to the Participant s last email address of
record with the Fund. Each Participant shall notify the Fund promptly in writing of any change of email address. 

6. Taxes. THE REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS DOES
NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY THAT MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DISTRIBUTIONS. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL TAX INCOME
LIABILITY OF PARTICIPANTS MAY BE FOUND IN THE FUND S REPORTS FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

7. Share Certificates. The ownership of the Shares
purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Fund issues certificates for its outstanding Shares. 

8. Termination by Participant. A Participant may
terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering notice to the Fund or the Plan Administrator. Such notice
must be received by the Fund or the Plan Administrator five business days in advance of the first calendar day of the next calendar quarter
in order for a Participant s termination to be effective for such quarter. Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant
will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Shares. If a Participant elects to tender its Shares in full
and such full tender is accepted by the Fund, any Shares issued to the Participant under the Plan subsequent to the expiration of the
tender offer will be considered part of the Participant s prior tender, and Participant s participation in the Plan will be
terminated as of the expiration date of the applicable tender offer. Any distributions to be paid to such Stockholder on or after such
date will be paid in cash or other assets legally available for distribution on the scheduled distribution payment date. If a Participant
terminates Plan participation, the Fund may, at its option, ensure that the terminating Participant s account will reflect the whole
number of shares in such Participant s account and provide a check for the cash value of any fractional share in such account. Upon
termination of Plan participation for any reason, future distributions will be distributed to the Stockholder in cash or other assets
legally available for distribution. 

9. Amendment, Suspension or Termination by the
Fund. The Board may by majority vote amend any aspect of the Plan; provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participant s
right to terminate participation in the Plan and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 business
days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board may by majority vote suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10
business days written notice to the Participants. 

10. Liability of the Fund. The Fund shall not
be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability
(i) arising out of failure to terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to timely receipt of notice
in writing of such death or (ii) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s
account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the federal securities laws, in the opinion of the
SEC such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, can be deemed unenforceable. 

11. Applicable Law. These terms and conditions
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea0220733ex31-1_muzinich.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Jeffrey Youle, Chief Executive Officer of Muzinich Corporate
Lending Income Fund, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 12th day of November, 2024 

/s/ Jeffrey Youle 

Jeffrey Youle 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea0220733ex31-2_muzinich.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Paul Fehre, Chief Financial Officer of Muzinich Corporate
Lending Income Fund, Inc. certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Muzinich Corporate Lending Income Fund, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 12th day of November, 2024 

/s/ Paul Fehre 

Paul Fehre 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea0220733ex32-1_muzinich.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey
Youle, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

/s/ Jeffrey Youle 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Youle 

Date: 
 November 12, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea0220733ex32-2_muzinich.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Muzinich Corporate Lending
Income Fund, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Paul Fehre,
the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

/s/ Paul Fehre 

Name: 
 Paul Fehre 

Date: 
 November 12, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 muzi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 muzi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 muzi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 muzi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 muzi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

