<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1849294_0001683168-24-008112.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3764307</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119971</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>749926</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>815413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>922347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1078058</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008112.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortune Rise Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				861850747
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40990
		FILM NUMBER:		241462560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-440-4603

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008112.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 fortune_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
 to _______________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Pink 
 
 n/a 

OTC Pink 
 
 n/a 

OTC Pink 
 
 n/a 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock on November 14, 2024, was 3,952,433, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock and 2,443,750 shares
of Class B common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 29 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 30 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 33 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to a related party 

Promissory notes - related parties 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise taxes payable 

Excise taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriters' discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 3,162,548 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the 
 For the 
 For the 
 For the 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest and dividend earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net (loss) income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common Stock attributable to Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common Stock attributable to Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise taxes accrual on redemption of Class A Common Stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the 
 For the 

Nine Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest and dividend earned on cash and investment held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expenses - related party 

Due to a related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Deposit of funds held in Trust Account 

Purchase of investments held in Trust Account 

Withdrawal of investments held in Trust Account 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes to related parties 

Advances from a related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash at beginning of the period 

Cash at end of the period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise taxes accrual on redemption of Class A Common Stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units (including 1,275,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ).
Each Public Unit consists of The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of . The shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Public Units are referred to as the public shares. 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of
the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares ),
comprised of shares sold to the Company s sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and shares
sold to US Tiger Securities, Inc. US Tiger Securities ), and EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investment LLC, the representatives
of the several underwriters (each, a Representative ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Placement Shares are identical to the public shares, except that the holders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days
after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

Transaction costs for the IPO amounted to ,
consisting of of underwriting fees (including of deferred underwriting fees) and of other offering costs. 

The Company also issued shares of Class A
Common Stock (the Representative Shares to the Representatives as part of their underwriting compensation. The Representative
Shares are identical to the public shares except that the Representatives have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative
Shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Representative Shares are deemed compensation by
FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in the
IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the Representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account (as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its
initial Business Combination by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination). 

Following the closing of the IPO and the issuance
and the sale of Private Placement Shares on November 5, 2021, 10.20 per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained
by Wilmington Trust, National Association as a trustee and invested the proceeds in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (a) the completion of the
initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares
if it does not complete the initial Business Combination by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to
complete a Business Combination) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if it is unable to complete the Business Combination
by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination), subject to applicable
law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could
have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

The Company s initial Business Combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in
the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting fee and taxes payable and interest previously released for working capital purposes
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business
Combination successfully. 

The shares of Class A Common Stock subject to
redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company will proceed with
a Business Combination (if the Company seeks stockholder approval), if a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have until December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends
the time to complete a Business Combination and payment of the extension deposit by the Sponsor, or its affiliates), to complete the initial
Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company for working capital purposes or to pay the Company s taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses which was waived on October 31, 2024), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to
complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. The founders have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares (defined below), Private Placement Shares,
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares
if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the
time to complete a Business Combination) and payment of the extension deposit by our Sponsor, or its affiliates), or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination
and payment of the extension deposit by our Sponsor, or its affiliates), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the prescribed time frame. If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to its stockholders for a vote, the Company will complete
its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
Business Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its public shares of Class A Common Stock in an amount that would cause its
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of public shares of Class A
Common Stock and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. As approved by its stockholders
at the Special Meeting on October 25, 2023, the Company deleted the limitations that the Company shall not consummate a business combination
or redeem shares if such actions would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and filed an amendment
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 25, 2023. 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of
the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be
withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the
IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

On October
31, 2024, the Company announced that it undertakes to do the following: 

to waive the 50,000 of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account to pay dissolution expenses; 
 
 to waive the use of the interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account that may be released to the Company for working capital purposes; 
 
 to waive the use of the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to
the Company to pay the Company s tax obligations; 
 
 to convert the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, to shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as soon as practical; 
 
 to list the Company s securities on the OTC in the event that Nasdaq delists the Company s
securities; 
 
 to maintain the investment of the Company s trust assets in money market investment products; and 
 
 to continue to announce trust account contributions on a monthly
basis. 

Change of Sponsor 

On December 22, 2022, Water On Demand, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation WODI ), entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement with Ka Wai Cheung,
Koon Lin Chan, and Koon Keung Chan (each a Seller, and collectively, the Sellers and the Sponsor,
pursuant to which WODI purchased 100 membership interests in the Sponsor from the Sellers, which constitutes 100 of the membership
interests in the Sponsor. The Sponsor holds 2,343,750 shares out of 2,443,750 shares of the issued and
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company. 

The Proposed Business Combination 

On January 5, 2023, the Company filed a
press release which announced the signing of a non-binding Letter of Intent LOI with WODI under which the Company
proposes to acquire all the outstanding securities of WODI, based on certain material financial and business terms and
conditions being met. On September 28, 2023, the Company announced that the LOI was amended and assigned to Water On Demand, Inc.
(f/k/a Progressive Water Treatment Inc.), a Texas corporation WODI-PWT ). WODI-PWT recently merged with WODI.
Accordingly, the LOI executed January 5, 2023 with WODI has been amended to designate WODI-PWT as the new target of the acquisition.
Under the revised/amended LOI, the Company proposes to acquire all the outstanding securities of WODI-PWT, based on certain material
financial and business terms and conditions being met. The LOI is not binding on the parties and is intended solely to guide
good-faith negotiations toward definitive agreements. 

On October 24, 2023, the Company entered into
a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the BCA with
FRLA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated on October 13, 2023 Merger
Sub ), and WODI-PWT. 

The BCA provides, among other things, that Merger
Sub will merge with and into WODI-PWT, with WODI-PWT as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, WODI-PWT
shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). The Company will change its name to Water on Demand,
Inc. The Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the BCA are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 
In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the BCA, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ),
among other things: (i) each share of Class A Common Stock and each share of Class B Common Stock (except for Class B Common Stock held
by the Sponsor which are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Sponsor Letter Agreement) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger will become one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company, and (ii) each share of common stock
of WODI-PWT (subject to limited exceptions) issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be automatically
canceled and extinguished and converted into the right to receive that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to an
exchange ratio, calculated as (a) the aggregate equity value of WODI-PWT of 32.0 million, divided by the aggregate number of shares of
WODI-PWT common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, divided by (b) the FRLA Share Value, where FRLA Share
Value means (i) the aggregate amount of cash on deposit in the Trust Account (without giving effect to stockholder redemptions)
as of two business days prior to the closing date of the Merger, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay taxes
of the Company divided by (ii) the total number of then issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (without giving effect to
stockholder redemptions). 

Extension Amendments for Business Combination 

On April 11, 2023, the Company filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment (the First Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination up to six times, each by an
additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e., from May 5, 2023 to up to November 5, 2023) or such earlier date as
determined by the board of directors. The Company s stockholders approved the First Amendment at a special meeting of stockholders
of the Company on April 10, 2023. 

As a result of the June 2, 2023 special meeting
of stockholders of the Company, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment to the Company s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to amend the monthly extension amounts to be paid by the Sponsor (or its affiliates),
to extend the period of time for the Company to consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company to be made upon the request of the Sponsor, and approval by the Company s
board of directors, from a previously amended price per unredeemed share of Class A Common Stock of 0.0625 to the lower of 100,000 or
 0.05 per unredeemed share of Class A Common Stock. 

As approved by its stockholders at the special
meeting of stockholders held on October 25, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement,
dated as of November 2, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association Wilmington Trust ), on October 25, 2023 (the Trust Amendment ). The Trust Amendment extended the initial date
on which Wilmington Trust must commence liquidation of the Trust Account to up to November 5, 2024, or such earlier date as determined
by the Company s board of directors, unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred,
provided that the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account the lesser of: (i) 100,000 and
(ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.05 multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed, for each such
one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, in exchange for a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. 

As approved
by its stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on November 4, 2024, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 4, 2024, to extend the date by which the Company
has to consummate a Business Combination for up to an additional six months, from November 5, 2024 (the Termination Date to up to May 5, 2025, by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to six times
by an additional one month each time after the Termination Date, until May 5, 2025 or a total of up to six months after the Termination
Date, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors, unless the closing of the Company s initial
Business Combination shall have occurred, provided that the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust
Account an aggregate amount equal to 0.06 multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed, for each such
one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination shall have occurred, in exchange for a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a Business Combination. 

From November 2022 to November 2024, a total of
 was deposited into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, which enabled the Company to extend the period of time
it had to consummate its initial Business Combination from November 5, 2022 to December 5, 2024. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in cash held outside the Trust Account available for the Company s payment of expenses related to working capital purposes and a
working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain
as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that
these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan to
address this uncertainty is through the Promissory Notes related parties and the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see
Note 6). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period by December 5, 2024 (or
up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination), the Company s board of directors would commence
a winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and thereby a
formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful
within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and
repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the
nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination and
(iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company
and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could
cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business
Combination. During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment
of the Excise Tax. These regulations provided that the filing and payment deadline for any liability incurred during the period from January
1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 would be October 31, 2024. 

The Company is currently evaluating its options with
respect to payment of this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest
and penalties which are currently estimated at 10 interest per annum and a 5 underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up
to 25 of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

As a result of the shares of Class A
Common Stock redeemed in April 2023, June 2023 and November 2023 as discussed in Note 9, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company accrued the 1 excise tax in the amount of as a reduction of equity. 

t have any cash equivalents. 

and , respectively, representing all of the assets held in the Trust Account, were held in cash. Interest income
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. Interest income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

Gains and losses resulting from the change in
fair value of investments held in Trust Account are accounted as dividend income in the accompanying statement of operations. Dividend
income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. Dividend income for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three
levels based on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level 2 Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The fair value of the Company s current
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, primarily due to their
short-term nature. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued
for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review
that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The Company has identified the United States and
Florida as its only major tax jurisdictions. 

The Company may be subject to potential examination
by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing
and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net (loss) income 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share 

For the 
 For the 

Nine Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Non- 
 
 Non- 

Redeemable 
 Redeemable 
 Redeemable 
 Redeemable 

Common 
 Common 
 Common 
 Common 

Stock 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 
 Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share: 

Numerators: 

Allocation of net loss excluding accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net (loss) income 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share 

and in cash, respectively. 

Units at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit consists of one
share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. The Company will not issue fractional shares
upon the exercise of warrants. As a result, the warrants must be exercised in multiples of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, and only whole warrants
are exercisable. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

All of the 9,775,000 public shares sold as part
of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Class A Common Stock subject to redemption
to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The Company s redeemable Class A Common
Stock is subject to the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99.
If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption
value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable,
if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected
to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings,
or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Class A Common Stock reflected on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets is
reconciled in the following table. 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

Private Placement Shares, comprised of shares sold to the Sponsor and
 shares sold to the Representatives, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of . The Private Placement Shares are identical to the public shares, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination. 

shares of common stock from the Company for a purchase price of . On March 2, 2021, the Company amended and restated its certificate
of incorporation to divide its common stock into Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock without changing the total amount
of the authorized capital of common stock. As a result, the Company cancelled the 2,443,750 shares of common stock held by the Sponsor
and simultaneously issued 2,443,750 shares (the Founder Shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock to the Sponsor. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. The aggregate capital contribution was 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per
share. 

The number of Founder Shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the IPO (excluding
the sale of Private Placement Shares and issuance of the Representative Shares). 

In November 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate
of 443,750 Founder Shares to the Company s former officers, directors, secretary and their designees at the same price originally
paid for such shares prior to the closing of the IPO. As a result of such transfers, each of the Company s former directors collectively
acquired the remaining 321,750 Founder Shares at the same price originally paid for such shares. On December 22, 2022, the Company s
officers, directors and secretary resigned from their respective positions and returned and sold a total of 343,750 Founder Shares back
to the Sponsor for the original purchase price. Out of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of 
shares remains owned by former management. 

The sale of the Founder Shares from Sponsor to
the Company s officers, directors and secretary is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon
the grant date. The grant date fair value of the remaining 100,000 shares, net of forfeiture of 343,750 shares, granted to the Company s
officers, directors and secretary was , or 7.16 per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition
(i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance
condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company determined that a Business Combination was not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation
expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e.,
upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share
(unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell 50 of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the date of the consummation
of the Company s initial Business Combination, or (B) the date on which the closing price of the Company s Class A Common
Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial Business Combination and the remaining
50 of the Founder Shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s
initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company
consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On November 5, 2021, the Company completed the
private sale of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per
Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Placement Shares are identical to the public
shares, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted
transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

In connection with BCA, on October 17, 2023, the
Sponsor and the three independent directors of the Company entered into three separate securities transfer agreements (the Securities
Transfer Agreement to transfer a total of shares of the Founder shares to the three directors. The transfer of the Founder
Shares from the Sponsor to the three independent directors of the Company is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The grant date fair value of the 60,000 shares granted to the Company s three independent directors
was , or 8.62 per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business
Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence
under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined
that a Business Combination was not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based
compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination)
in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the
amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

In connection with BCA, on October 24, 2023, the
Sponsor, the Company and WODI-PWT entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor
agreed to (a) vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination, (b) waive any adjustment to the conversion
ratio set forth in the governing documents of the Company or any other anti-dilution or similar protection with respect to the Class B
Common Stock, such that the Class B Common Stock will convert into Class A Common Stock at the Closing on a one-to-one basis, and (c)
subject certain of the Class B Common Stock currently held by the Sponsor to forfeiture. 

Due to a Related Party 

On December 22, 2023, the board of directors appointed
Ryan Spick to serve as the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective as of December 22, 2023.
The terms and conditions of Mr. Spick s appointment are governed by a consulting agreement dated as of December 22, 2023 by and
between the Company and Mr. Spick (the Consulting Agreement ). The Consulting Agreement provides for compensation to Mr.
Spick of 10,000 per month. The Consulting Agreement provides for a term of six months, subsequently amended to continue on a month-to-month
basis, unless earlier terminated by either party upon 10 business days written notice. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, balance due to Mr. Spick amounted and , respectively. 

Promissory Notes Related Parties
(Working Capital and Extension Loans) 

Working Capital Loans OriginClear 

In December 2022, OriginClear, Inc. OriginClear ), a Nevada corporation and the parent company of the Sponsor, advanced 
to the Company for working capital. On April 17, 2023, the board of directors of the Company approved the issuance of an unsecured
promissory note dated November 23, 2022 in the principal amount of 50,000 to OriginClear and the Company reclassified this 
advance into a promissory note related party. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had borrowings of from OriginClear under the promissory notes related parties (working capital loans). 

Working Capital Loans WODI 

On November 4, 2022, an aggregate of 977,500
(the First Extension Payment was deposited into the Company s Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing
 0.10 per public share, which enabled the Company to extend the period of time it had to consummate its initial Business Combination by
three months from November 5, 2022 to February 5, 2023 (the First Extension ). The First Extension was the first of the two
three-month extensions permitted under the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior to its amendment in
April 2023. In connection with the First Extension Payment, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes (the First Extension
Note to certain Initial Stockholders, including (i) a note of 413,750 to Mr. Koon Keung Chan, the former manager of the Sponsor
of the Company who resigned on December 22, 2022, (ii) a note of to US Tiger Securities, an existing stockholder, and (iii) a
note of 170,000 to Dr. Lei Xu, the former President and Chairwoman of the Company who resigned on December 22, 2022. The three promissory
notes together with the Company s working capital fund were used to pay for the First Extension Payment. These three promissory
notes totaling 733,750 were assigned to WODI as creditor on December 22, 2022. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection consummating an intended initial business combination, WODI may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Such
loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had borrowings of and , respectively, from WODI under the promissory notes related parties (working
capital loans). 

Extension Loans WODI 

From November 2022 to November 2024, a total of
 4,035,655 was deposited into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, which enabled the Company to extend the period of time
it had to consummate its initial Business Combination from November 5, 2022 to December 5, 2024, with most of the borrowings to fund the
extension payments from WODI. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings of and ,
respectively, from WODI under the promissory notes related parties (extension loans). 

Terms of the Working Capital and Extension
Loans 

The Working Capital and Extension Loans are non-interest
bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial
Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election
of the Company. The holders of the Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their Notes, in whole or in part, respectively,
into private shares of Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares ), as described in the IPO prospectus of the Company (File
Number 333-256511). The number of Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount,
up to 3,000,000, determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the founders or an affiliate of the founders or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business
Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares, at a price
of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such working capital shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. In the
event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust
Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

Underwriters Agreement 

The Representatives entitled to underwriting discounts
of (i) two percent of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or in the aggregate, and paid at the closing of the IPO
and (ii) will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of three and a half percent of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or
approximately in the aggregate, upon the consummation of a Business Combination. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, and with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common stock The Company
was initially authorized to issue up to shares of common stock, par value per share. On February 19, 2021, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. On March 2, 2021, the Company amended and restated its certificate
of incorporation to divide its common stock into Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, with the result that the Company
is authorized to issue up to 60,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, comprised of shares of Class A
Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock. In connection therewith, the Company cancelled 2,443,750 shares of common
stock issued to the Sponsor and issued shares of Class B Common Stock to the Sponsor. 

Holders of record of Common Stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The Company s stockholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Holders of record of the
Class A Common Stock and holders of record of the Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of the stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by applicable law.
The shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution right. 

Class A Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. 

In connection with the special meeting of stockholders
on April 10, 2023, holders of public shares of Class A Common Stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
(and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of . 

In connection with the special meeting of
stockholders on June 2, 2023, holders of public
shares of Class A Common Stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . 

In connection with the special meeting of
stockholders on October 25, 2023, holders of 
public shares of Class A Common Stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption)
for cash at a redemption price of approximately 
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . 

Representative Shares 

The Company issued Representative Shares
in Class A Common Stock to the Representatives of the underwriters for the Company s IPO, as part of their underwriting compensation.
The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares except that the Representatives have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any such Representative Shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Representative Shares are
deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement
of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the Representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account (as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company fails to
complete its initial Business Combination by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business
Combination and payment of the extension deposit by our Sponsor, or its affiliates). 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. On March 2,
2021, the Company issued shares of Class B Common Stock to the founders for , so that the founders collectively
owned 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the IPO (excluding the Private Placement Shares and the Representative
Shares). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

In connection with BCA, on October 24, 2023, the
Sponsor, the Company and WODI-PWT entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor
agreed to (a) vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination, (b) waive any adjustment to the conversion
ratio set forth in the governing documents of the Company or any other anti-dilution or similar protection with respect to the Class B
Common Stock, such that the Class B Common Stock will convert into Class A Common Stock at the Closing on a one-to-one basis, and (c)
subject certain of the Class B Common Stock currently held by the Sponsor to forfeiture. 

Warrants On November 5,
2021, the Company issued warrants in connection with the IPO. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one whole share of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares
of Class A Common Stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after
the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 warrants were outstanding. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following its initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a
registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and
a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on third business day before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company accounted for the 4,887,500 warrants
issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40,
 Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. The Company accounted for the warrant as an expense of
the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the warrants of the
date of grant date is approximately million, or 0.906 per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The fair value of the warrants is estimated
as of the date of grant date using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 16.2 , (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.16 ,
(3) expected life of 5.91 years, (4) exercise price of 11.50 and (5) stock price of 9.548. 

and 
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate was 
and 
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate
differs from the statutory tax rate of 21.0 primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and
non-deductible transaction costs. 

23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor 
refer to Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these
forward-looking statements. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position,
business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and variations thereof and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021, our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A,
as filed with the SEC on September 23, 2024, and the Risk Factors section of this report. Our securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, we
disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. 

Effective December 22, 2022, Ka Wai Cheung, Koon
Lin Chan, and Koon Keung Chan, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and Water On Demand, Inc., a Nevada corporation that
controls our Sponsor WODI ), entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement pursuant to which they sold
to WODI all right, title and interest in and to the membership interests held by each of Messrs. Cheung, Chan, and Chan in the Sponsor
(an aggregate of 100 membership interests) for 400,000. 

In addition, effective December 22, 2022, our
Sponsor entered into a Securities Transfer Agreement with each of US Tiger Securities, Inc. (as designee of Lei Huang), Lei Xu, Yuanmei
Ma, Norman C. Kristoff, David Xianglin Li, Michael Davidov, and Christy Szeto (the Sellers ), pursuant to which the Sellers
sold to the Sponsor an aggregate of 343,750 shares of Class B Common Stock for the purchase price of 3,506.25. Out of the issued and
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of 100,000 shares remain owned by former management. 

24 

Lastly, on December 22, 2022, each of Koon Keung
Chan, Lei Xu, and US Tiger Securities, Inc. assigned each of their promissory notes issued on November 4, 2022 in the aggregate amount
of 733,750 to the Sponsor. 

Since our inception, we have been actively searching
for a suitable business combination target, and on October 24, 2023, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the BCA with FRLA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our
wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger Sub and WODI. 

We will effectuate our business combination using
cash (subject to potential reduction of the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders (the Trust Account by stockholder redemptions) derived from the proceeds of (i) our initial public offering (the IPO ), (ii) the sale of Common
Stock (the Private Placement Shares in a private placement (the Private Placement to the Sponsor, and/or
(iii) the issuance of additional shares, debt or a combination of shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are
held outside of the Trust Account, although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating
a business combination and working capital. 

Since our IPO, our sole business activity has
been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have no revenue and have had losses since inception
from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from the Sponsor and other parties
to fund our operations. 

Recent Developments 

Extension of the Company s Time to Consummate
its Initial Business Combination 

From November 2022 to November 2024, a total of
 4,035,655 was deposited into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, which enabled us to extend the period of time it had to consummate
its initial Business Combination from November 5, 2022 to December 5, 2024, with most of the borrowings to fund the extension payments
from WODI. In connection with the extension payments, we issued a total of twenty-one unsecured extension notes (the Extension
Notes to WODI. 

The Extension Notes are non-interest bearing and
payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination and (ii)
the date of our liquidation. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at our election. The holders of the Extension Notes have
the right, but not the obligation, to convert their Extension Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private shares of our Class
A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares ), as described in our IPO prospectus (File Number 333-256511). The number of Conversion
Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount, up to 3,000,000, determined by dividing (x)
the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

Extension of Business Combination Deadline 

On March 3, 2023, our board of directors approved
a stockholder proposal to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor and approval
by our board of directors, the period of time for us to (i) consummate a business combination, (ii) cease our operations if we fail to
complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the public shares, up to six times, each by an additional
month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e., from May 5, 2023 to up to November 5, 2023) or such earlier date as determined
by the board of directors. 

25 

At our April 10, 2023 special meeting of stockholders,
our stockholders approved the filing of an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the First Amendment to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors, the period of time for us to (i) consummate a business
combination, (ii) cease our operations if we fail to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the public
shares, up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e., from May 5, 2023 to up to November
5, 2023) or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors. As a result, on April 11, 2023, we filed the First Amendment with
the Delaware Secretary of State. The stockholder vote to approve the First Amendment also triggered a redemption right for the holders
of the public shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of the First Amendment, 4,493,968 shares of Class A Common Stock were redeemed
for a total redemption amount of 47,501,242. We have effected all six of those permitted monthly extensions. 

As a result of our June 2, 2023 special meeting
of stockholders, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to amend the monthly extension amounts to be paid by the Sponsor (or its affiliates), to extend the period of time for us
to consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving
us to be made upon the request of the Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors, from a previously amended price per unredeemed
share of Class A Common Stock of 0.0625 to the lower of 100,000 or 0.05 per unredeemed share of Class A Common Stock. 

At that June 2, 2023 special meeting of stockholders,
the holders of 1,666,080 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption)
for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.76 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 17,927,021. Following such redemptions,
3,614,952 public shares of Class A Common Stock remained outstanding. 

 At our October 25, 2023 special meeting of stockholders,
the holders of 452,404 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption)
for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.96 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 4,958,347. Following such redemptions,
3,162,548 public shares of Class A Common Stock remain outstanding. As of the date of this filing, we have effected all twelve of those
permitted monthly extensions. 

As a result of our November 4, 2024 special meeting
of stockholders, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to amend the monthly extension amounts to be paid by the Sponsor (or its affiliates), to extend the period of time for us
to consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving
us to be made upon the request of the Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors, to 0.06 per unredeemed share of Class A Common
Stock. 

At our November 4, 2024 special meeting of stockholders,
the holders of 2,319,365 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption)
for cash at a redemption price of approximately 11.49 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 26.6 million. Following
such redemptions, 843,183 public shares of Class A Common Stock remain outstanding. As of the date of this filing, we have effected one
of those permitted six monthly extensions. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception to date was
related to our formation, the IPO and general and administrative activities. Since the IPO, our activity has been limited to the evaluation
of business combination candidates, and we will not generate any operating revenues, if any, until the closing and completion of our initial
business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of money market fund dividend income earned on investments held in
the Trust Account up until September 2023. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
Investment Company Act, on September 28, 2023, we instructed Wilmington Trust, National Association, the trustee with respect to the Trust
Account, to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier
of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. 

We are incurring expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 96,762 which consisted of formation and operating costs 386,714, franchise tax expenses of 37,400 and income tax
provision of 77,075, offset by interest income earned on cash held in Trust Account of 404,427. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 40,383 which consisted of dividend income earned on investments held in Trust Account of 487,742, offset by formation
and operating costs of 393,380, franchise tax expenses of 38,000 and income tax provision of 15,979. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 801,807 which consisted of formation and operating costs 1,168,068, and franchise tax expenses of 108,000 and
income tax provision of 97,360, offset by interest income earned on cash held in Trust Account of 571,621. 

26 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 391,662 which consisted of dividend earned on investment held in Trust Account of 2,342,684, offset by formation
and operating costs of 1,353,037, franchise tax expenses of 110,400 and income tax provision of 487,585. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash outside
the Trust Account of 8,446 available for working capital needs. All remaining cash is held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable
for our use prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a business combination or to redeem the public
shares of Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, none of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as
described above except for tax payments. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
there was 677,293 of cash used in operating activities resulting from net loss of 801,807 and interest earned on cash held in Trust
Account amounting to 571,621, offset by decrease in prepaid expenses of 85,867, increase in due to a related party of 90,000, increase
in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 348,003, increase in income tax payable of 83,655, and increase in franchise tax payable
of 88,610. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
there was 2,592,619 of cash used in operating activities resulting from dividend earned on investment held in Trust Account amounting
to 2,342,684, non-cash deferred tax expense of 83,724, increase in prepaid expenses of 188,772, decrease in income tax payable of 271,346
and decrease in franchise tax payable of 199,759, offset by net income of 391,662, decrease in prepaid expenses related party
of 25,000, increase in due to a related party of 15,000, and increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 62,004. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
there was 905,000 of cash used in investing activities resulting from the deposit of funds held in Trust Account amounting to 905,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
there was 64,749,327 of cash provided by investing activities resulting from the withdrawal of an investment held in the Trust Account
amounting to 66,456,892, offset by the purchase of an investment held in Trust Account amounting to 1,707,565. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
there was 1,577,829 of cash provided by financing activities resulting from the proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes to a related
party amounting to 1,577,829. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
there was 62,217,277 of cash used in financing activities resulting from the Class A common stock redemptions of 65,428,262, offset
by the proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes to a related party amounting to 3,210,985. 

Until consummation of the business combination,
we will use the funds held outside the Trust Account, and any additional funding that may be loaned to us by our Sponsor, for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 

If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth
due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate our business prior to the business combination and will need to raise additional capital. In this event, our officers,
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us upon consummation of the business combination,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock of the post
business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per share of Class A Common Stock. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our Initial Stockholders, officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

27 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with
such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through
the Promissory Notes related parties and the Working Capital Loans. In addition, if we are unable to complete a business combination
within the Combination Period by December 5, 2024 (or up to May 5, 2025 if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination),
our board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no
assurance that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management
has determined that this additional condition also raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, we have 92,903 and 2,903, respectively, payable due to a related party. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, we have 6,341,564 and 4,763,735, respectively, promissory notes issued to related parties. 

We are obligated to pay the underwriters a deferred
underwriters discount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO. The deferred underwriters discount of 3,421,250 will
become payable to the US Tiger Securities and EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investment LLC, the representatives of the several underwriters
of the IPO (each, a Representative ), from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business
combination. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company does not have any critical accounting
estimates. 

28 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
 Debt Debt Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The amendment in this ASU is to address issues identified as a result of the complexity associated
with applying generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and
equity. For convertible instruments, the Board decided to reduce the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and
convertible preferred stock per this ASU. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately
recognized from the host contract as compared with prior GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models
are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition
of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued
with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public
business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer, excluding entities eligible to be smaller
reporting companies as defined by the SEC, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this ASU on January 1, 2024. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect
on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2023, the FASB amended ASC 2023-07,
 Segment Reporting (Topic 280) to improve disclosures about a public entity s reportable segments and provide more
detailed information about a reportable segment s expense. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We do not expect these amendments to have a material
effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which
modifies the rules on income tax disclosures to require entities to disclose (1) specific categories in the rate reconciliation, (2) the
income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit (separated between domestic and foreign) and (3) income
tax expense or benefit from continuing operations (separated by federal, state and foreign). ASU 2023-09 also requires entities to disclose
their income tax payments to international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, among other changes. The guidance is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued
or made available for issuance. ASU 2023-09 should be applied on a prospective basis, but retrospective application is permitted. We are
currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this new guidance on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected
not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Financial Officer who also serves as our principal executive officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Financial Officer who also serves as our principal executive officer,
has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

29 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of
our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, as of the date of this Report, other than as
set forth below, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our (i) Registration Statement
on Form S-1 for our initial public offering, and (ii) Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on September 23, 2024. Any
of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes
to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Nasdaq has delisted our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are no longer listed on Nasdaq. 

Because our securities are quoted on an over-the-counter
market, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of
1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. However, because we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities do not qualify as covered securities
under such statute and we may be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our
initial business combination, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Additionally, in connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements, which are
more rigorous than the continued listing requirements, in order to continue to gain the listing of our securities. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

30 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

On November 5, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 9,775,000 units, including 1,275,000 units as a result of the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment
option, in each case, at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds of 97,750,000. The securities sold
in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256511).
The registration statement became effective on November 2, 2021. Substantially concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering,
we completed a private placement of 545,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 10.00 per share, generating aggregate
gross proceeds of 5,455,000. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our IPO and private placement, see Part I, Item
2 of this Quarterly Report. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the IPO and private placement as
is described in the Company s final prospectus related to the IPO. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Report. 

No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 27, 2021 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated April 11, 2023 (2) 
 
 3.3 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated June 2, 2023 (3) 
 
 3.4 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 25, 2023 (5) 
 
 3.5 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 4, 2024 (6) 
 
 3.6 
 Bylaws (4) 
 
 10.1 
 Promissory Note, dated July 5, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (7) 
 
 10.2 
 Promissory Note, dated August 5, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (8) 
 
 10.3 
 Promissory Note, dated September 6, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (9) 
 
 10.4 
 Promissory Note, dated October 4, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (10) 
 
 10.5 
 Promissory Note, dated October 31, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. 
 
 10.6 
 Promissory Note, dated November 5, 2024, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (11) 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101) 

_____________________ 

Filed with this Report. 

Furnished with this Report. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 2, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 26, 2021. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 8, 2024. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2024. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 6, 2024. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2024. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Spick 

Name: 
 Ryan Spick 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

33 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 fortune_ex1005.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED OCTOBER 31, 2024, ISSUED BY FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION TO WATER ON DEMAND, INC.

Exhibit 10.5 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY
NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 170,000.00 
 
 Effective as of Oct 31, 2024 

Clearwater, Florida 

Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation,
a Delaware corporation Maker ), promises to pay to the order of Water On Demand, Inc., a Nevada corporation, or its
registered assigns or successors in interest or order Payee ), the principal sum of up to One Hundred Seventy-Thousand
Dollars 170,000.00) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this
Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Maker to such account as Payee
may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Repayment. The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the earlier of (such date, the Maturity Date ), subject
to Section 12 below, (a) the date on which Maker consummates its initial business combination and (b) the date of the liquidation of Maker.
The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of Maker. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but
not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. This Note shall be non-interest bearing. 

3. Reserved. 

4. Application of Payments.
 All payments received by Payee pursuant to this Note shall be applied first to the payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, and then to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events of Default. The following shall constitute
an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) 
 Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5)
business days of the date specified above. 

(b) 
 Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it
of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) 
 Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in
respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the
winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive
days. 

1 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written 

notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable,
whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this 

Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder,
shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal 

balance of this Note, and all other sums payable
with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 

7. 
 Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice
of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted
by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any
property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under
execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that
any real property that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may
be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. 
 Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default,
or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. 
 Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing
and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission
to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax
number as may be designated in writing by such party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided
to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so
transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. 
 Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT
OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

11. 
 Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof,
and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

2 

12. 
 Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim
of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with Maker s initial public offering, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or
satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that upon the consummation of the initial
business combination, Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account. 

13. 
 Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of Maker and Payee. 

14. 
 Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by
operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any 

attempted assignment without the required consent
shall be void; provided , however, that the foregoing shall not apply to an affiliate of Payee who agrees to be bound to the terms
of this Note. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan Spick 

Name: Ryan Spick 

 Its: Principal Executive Officer 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 
 Water On Demand, Inc. 

By: /s/ T. Riggs Eckelberry 

Name: T. Riggs Eckelberry 
Its: Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Promissory Note ] 

4 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fortune_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ryan Spick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q quarterly report of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Ryan Spick 

 Ryan Spick, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 fortune_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ryan Spick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q quarterly report of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Ryan Spick 

Ryan Spick, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 fortune_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Fortune Rise Acquisition
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive and principal financial officer of the Company, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Ryan Spick 

Ryan Spick, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 frla-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 frla-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 frla-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 frla-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

