<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_943452_0001628280-24-043365.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8912290</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108170</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1496498</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3310742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1997678</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1824806</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-043365.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023102658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-043365
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000943452
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				251615902
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-90866
		FILM NUMBER:		241388067

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 ISABELLA STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4128251000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 ISABELLA STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WABTEC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE CO /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-043365.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 wab-20240930.htm
 10-Q

wab-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ____________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 ____________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Emerging growth company Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 As of October 18, 2024, there were shares of common stock, par value .01 per share, of the registrant outstanding. 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE 
 TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 September 30, 2024 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements - (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of S eptember 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended S e ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 47 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceed s 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 47 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 48 
 Signatures 
 49 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Unaudited In millions, except par value September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Accounts receivable Unbilled accounts receivable Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total noncurrent assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Accounts payable Customer deposits Accrued compensation Accrued warranty Current portion of long-term debt Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued postretirement and pension benefits Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) par value; shares authorized and shares issued: and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Unaudited Unaudited Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions, except per share data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales: Sales of goods Sales of services Total net sales Cost of sales: Cost of goods ) ) ) ) Cost of services ) ) ) ) Total cost of sales ) ) ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Engineering expenses ) ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) ) Income from operations Other income and expenses: Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders Earnings Per Common Share Basic Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders Diluted Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 4 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Unaudited Unaudited Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative contracts ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on pension and post-retirement benefit plans ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax ) ) ) Income tax expense related to components of other comprehensive income ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Wabtec shareholders 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 5 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Unaudited Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Below market intangible amortization ) ) Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable and unbilled accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued income taxes ) Accrued liabilities and customer deposits ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of businesses Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from debt, net of issuance costs Payments of debt ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Payment of income tax withholding on share-based compensation ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Other financing activities Net cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of changes in currency exchange rates ) ) Decrease in cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

6 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) In millions Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Shares Treasury Stock Amount Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interest Total Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock repurchase ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock repurchase ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock repurchase ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 7 

In millions Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Shares Treasury Stock Amount Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interest Total Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock repurchase ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax ) Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock repurchase ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Cash dividends dividend per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued from the exercise of stock options and other benefit plans, net of tax Stock based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 8 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 

1. 
 countries and our products can be found in more than countries throughout the world. In the first nine months of 2024, approximately of the Company s Net sales came from customers outside the United States. 
 
 2. 
 
 The notes included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in Wabtec s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The December 31, 2023 information has been derived from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 9 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company's remaining performance obligations were approximately billion. The Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 million of certain receivables of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the "Originators"). The Originators contribute receivables to our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, which sells the receivables to a financial institution on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables sold. The bankruptcy remote subsidiary is a separate legal entity with its own creditors, and its assets are not available to pay creditors of the Company or any other affiliates of the Company. As customers pay their balances, we transfer additional receivables into the program, which could result in our gross receivables sold being higher or lower than customer collections remitted to the financial institution for any applicable period. The sold receivables are fully guaranteed by our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, which holds additional receivables that are pledged as collateral under this facility. The Company has agreed to guarantee the performance of the Originators respective obligations under the revolving agreement. Neither the Company (except for the bankruptcy-remote consolidated subsidiary referenced above) nor the Originators guarantees the collectability of the receivables under the revolving agreements. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the bankruptcy-remote subsidiary held receivables of million and million, respectively, which are included in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The receivables held by the bankruptcy-remote subsidiary collateralize the outstanding receivables sold, which were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The transfers are recorded at the fair value of the proceeds received and obligations assumed less derecognized receivables. No obligation was recorded at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 as the estimated expected credit losses on receivables sold is insignificant. 
 Customer collections remitted to financial institution ) ) Net cash proceeds received included in cash from operations 
 million and million, respectively, as restricted for cash held in escrow related to acquisitions. 
 10 

) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) Balance at September 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 11 

) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 and net days, and does not result in a change in the classification of amounts due as Accounts payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Suppliers utilized the program to accelerate receipt of payment from these financial institutions for million and million of the Company's outstanding Accounts payable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The supplier invoices included under the program require payment in full to the financial institutions consistent with the Company s normal terms and conditions as agreed upon with the vendor. 
 
 12 

3. 
 of LKZ as a joint venture partner and accounted for its ownership interest as an equity method investment. Total purchase price for the remaining interest was million. Upon acquisition, Wabtec's previously held equity interest balance was remeasured to fair value and the Company ceased accounting for the investment using the equity method and recognized of LKZ's identifiable assets and liabilities. LKZ's results of operations and cash flows have been fully consolidated subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 of the LKZ assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 In millions Assets acquired Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventory Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other noncurrent assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined using the income, cost and market approaches. These estimates are preliminary in nature and subject to adjustments, which could be material as the Company has not completed its valuation of acquired assets and liabilities. Any necessary adjustments will be finalized within one year from the date of acquisition. 
 Goodwill was calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired and represents the assembled workforce and the future economic benefits of expanding our global operations expected to be achieved as a result of the acquisition. The purchased goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The results of this business since the date of acquisition are reported within the Equipment product line of the Freight Segment. The pro forma impact on Wabtec s sales and results of operations, including the pro forma effect of events that are directly attributable to the acquisition, was not significant. 
 13 

million. 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined using the income, cost and market approaches. Discounted cash flow models were used to estimate the fair values of acquired intangibles. The fair value measurements were primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Intangible assets acquired include customer relationships and acquired technology that are subject to amortization, and trade names that were assigned an indefinite life and are not subject to amortization. 
 Goodwill was calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired, and represents the assembled workforce and the future economic benefits, including synergies, that are expected to be achieved as a result of the acquisition. The purchased goodwill is t expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The results of this business since the date of acquisition are reported within the Components product line of the Freight Segment. The pro forma impact on Wabtec s sales and results of operations, including the pro forma effect of events that are directly attributable to the acquisition, was not significant. 
 The Company also made smaller acquisitions during the periods presented, none of which were material. 

4. 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 14 

5. 
 Additions/adjustments Foreign currency impact ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s trade names had a net carrying amount of million and million, respectively. The Company believes these intangibles have indefinite lives, with the exception of the right to use the GE Transportation trade name, to which the Company had assigned a useful life of years and has been fully amortized. 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Acquired technology ) ) Total ) ) 
 At September 30, 2024 the weighted average remaining useful lives of backlog, customer relationships and acquired technology were years, years and years, respectively. The backlog intangible asset primarily consists of in-place long-term service agreements acquired by the Company in conjunction with the acquisition of GE Transportation. Amortization expense for intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 
 15 

6. 
 million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. The Company has elected to use the practical expedient and does not consider unbilled amounts anticipated to be paid within one year as significant financing components. 
 Contract liabilities include customer deposits that are made prior to the incurrence of costs related to a newly agreed upon contract and advanced customer payments that are in excess of revenue recognized. The current portion of contract liabilities are classified as current liabilities under the caption Customer deposits while the noncurrent contract liabilities are classified as noncurrent liabilities under the caption "Other long-term liabilities" on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Noncurrent contract liabilities were million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. These contract liabilities are not considered a significant financing component because they are used to meet working capital demands that can be higher in the early stages of a contract or revenue associated with the contract liabilities is expected to be recognized within one year. Contract liabilities also include provisions for estimated losses from uncompleted contracts. Provisions for loss contracts were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These provisions for estimated losses are classified as current liabilities and included within the caption Other accrued liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Recognized in current year Reclassified to accounts receivable ) ) Acquisitions/adjustments ) Foreign currency impact ) ) Balance at September 30 
 Contract Liabilities In millions 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of year Recognized in current year Amounts in beginning balance reclassified to revenue ) ) Current year amounts reclassified to revenue ) ) Acquisitions Foreign currency impact ) Balance at September 30 
 
 16 

7. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. New operating leases of million and million were added during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Wabtec does not have material financing leases, short-term or variable leases or sublease income. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Present value discount ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 17 

8. 
 2022 Credit Agreement: Revolving Credit Facility N/A Delayed Draw Term Loan Senior Notes: Senior Notes, due 2024 
 Senior Notes, due 2025 
 Senior Notes, due 2026 
 Senior Notes (EUR), due 2027 
 Senior Notes, due 2028 
 Senior Notes, due 2034 
 Other Borrowings Total Less: current portion ) ) ) ) Long-term portion 
 1. See Note 13 for information on the fair value measurement of the Company's long-term debt. 
 Variances between Face Value and Book Value are the result of unamortized discounts and debt issuance fees as well as foreign exchange on the Euro Notes. Amortization of discounts and debt issuance fees are included in the calculation of Effective Interest Rate. 
 For those debt securities that have a premium or discount at the time of issuance, the Company amortizes the amount through interest expense based on the maturity date or the first date the holders may require the Company to repurchase the debt securities, if applicable. A premium would result in a decrease in interest expense, and a discount would result in an increase in interest expense in future periods. Additionally, the Company has debt issuance costs related to certain financing transactions which are also amortized through interest expense. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had total combined unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. 
 Credit Agreements 
 2024 Credit Agreement 
 On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into a new stand-alone credit agreement (the "2024 Credit Agreement") for a term loan of million. Borrowings under the 2024 Credit Agreement bear interest at a base rate plus an interest rate spread up to based on the lower of the pricing corresponding to (i) the Company s Leverage Ratio or (ii) the Company s public rating. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate was . The frequency of interest payments varies based upon the Interest Election Request. The term loan issued under the 2024 Credit Agreement will mature on March 14, 2029. The obligations of the Company under the 2024 Credit Agreement are unsecured and have been guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiari es. The agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for facilities of this type. 
 Under the 2024 Credit Agreement, the Company has agreed to maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio of at least to 1.0, and a Leverage Ratio not to exceed to 1.0. The Interest Coverage Ratio is calculated using an earnings metric as defined in the agreement compared to Interest Expense for the four quarters then ended. The Leverage Ratio is defined as net debt (total debt, net of up to million of unrestricted cash) as of the last day of such fiscal quarter to the defined earnings metric for the four quarters then ended. Additionally, the Company may effect an increase in the maximum Leverage Ratio in contemplation of a Material Acquisition. All terms are as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement. 
 2022 Credit Agreement 
 On August 15, 2022, the Company entered into a new unsecured credit agreement (the "2022 Credit Agreement"). The 2022 Credit Agreement provides for borrowings consisting of (i) a multi-currency revolving credit facility, providing for an equivalent in U.S. dollars of up to billion (the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a million delayed draw term loan facility (the Delayed Draw Term Loan ), all pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2022 Credit Agreement. The 2022 
 18 

million, (a) increases to the borrowing commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and/or (b) new incremental term loan commitments. The agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for facilities of this type. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on August 15, 2027. The Delayed Draw Term Loan was fully drawn during the third quarter of 2023, and the proceeds were utilized to redeem the Senior Notes, due 2023. Borrowings under the Delayed Draw Term Loan will mature on August 15, 2027. Amounts borrowed and repaid under the Delayed Draw Term Loan may not be reborrowed. The applicable interest rate for borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement includes a base rate (per the Interest Election terms of the agreement) plus an interest rate spread up to based on the lower of the pricing corresponding to (i) the Company s financial leverage or (ii) the Company s public rating. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate was . Obligations under the Restated Credit Agreement have been guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company has agreed to maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio of at least to 1.0, and a Leverage Ratio not to exceed to 1.0. The Interest Coverage Ratio is calculated using an earnings metric as defined in the agreement compared to Interest Expense for the four quarters then ended. The Leverage Ratio is defined as net debt (total debt, net of up to million of unrestricted cash) as of the last day of such fiscal quarter to the defined earnings metric for the four quarters then ended. Additionally, the Company may effect an increase in the maximum Leverage Ratio in contemplation of a Material Acquisition. All terms are as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 Outstanding Borrowings ) ) Letters of Credit Under Credit Agreement Current Availability 
 The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants in the 2022 Credit Agreement and the 2024 Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 Intra-Quarter Uncommitted Money Market Line Credit Agreement 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an uncommitted bilateral money market line credit agreement which provides an aggregate borrowing capacity of million, for general business purposes and working capital needs within a quarter. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Company or its subsidiaries may issue senior notes from time to time. These notes are comprised of our Senior Notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"), Senior Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"), Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes"), Senior Notes (EUR) due 2027 (the "Euro Notes"), Senior Notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"), and Senior Notes due 2034 (the "2034 Notes"). The 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2028 Notes, and 2034 Notes are the US Notes , and collectively with the Euro Notes, the Senior Notes. Interest on the US Notes is payable semi-annually and interest on the Euro Notes is paid annually. Each series of the Senior Notes may be redeemed at any time in whole or from time to time in part in accordance with the provisions of the indenture, under which such series of notes was issued. Each of the Senior Notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of of the principal amount plus a specified make-whole premium and accrued interest. The US Notes and the Company's guarantee of the Euro Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with all existing and future senior debt, and are senior to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company. 
 On March 11, 2024, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due in 2034 (2034 Notes). The 2034 Notes were issued at of face value and the Company recognized approximately million of total deferred financing costs. Interest on the 2034 Notes will accrue at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on March 11 and September 11 of each year, commencing September 11, 2024. The 2034 Notes will mature on March 11, 2034. 
 Proceeds from the 2034 Notes, combined with the proceeds from the term loan under the 2024 Credit Agreement and cash on hand, were utilized to repay the outstanding amount of 2024 Notes at maturity. 
 Beginning September 15, 2023, the effective interest rates for the 2024 Notes and the 2028 Notes were each reduced by due to a favorable change in Wabtec's corporate credit rating and the rating of the aforementioned notes. 
 19 

9. 
 million shares. The Company also maintains a 1995 Non-Employee Directors Fee and Stock Option Plan as amended and restated the Directors Plan ). 
 Stock-based compensation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, unamortized compensation expense related to stock options, non-vested restricted shares and incentive stock units expected to vest was approximately million. 
 Stock Options Stock options can be granted to eligible employees and directors at an exercise price equal to fair market value, which is the average of the high and low Wabtec stock price on the date of grant. Options become exercisable over a vesting period and expire years from the date of grant. There were stock options granted in the periods presented. At September 30, 2024, there were shares issuable pursuant to exercisable stock options. 
 
 Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Incentive Stock As provided for under the 2011 Plan and 2000 Plan, eligible employees are granted restricted stock that generally vests over from the date of grant. Under the Directors Plan, restricted stock awards vest from the date of grant. The restricted stock units are liability-classified equity awards as they can be settled in cash. 
 In addition, the Company has issued incentive stock units to eligible employees that vest upon attainment of certain cumulative performance goals, including a Relative Total Stockholder Return ("RTSR") modifier. The RTSR modifier can increase or decrease the payment by or depending on plan year. Significant judgments and estimates are used in determining the estimated performance, which is then used to estimate the total shares expected to vest over the vesting cycle and corresponding expense based on the grant date fair value of the award. When determining the estimated performance, the Company utilizes a combination of historical actual results, budgeted results and forecasts. Upon the initial grant of a performance cycle, the Company estimates the performance at . Quarterly, the Company reviews and updates performance estimates based on actual performance results and current projections. Based on the Company s performance for each period then ended, the incentive stock units can vest and be awarded ranging from to of the initial incentive stock units granted. The incentive stock units included in the table below represent the number of incentive stock units that are expected to vest based on the Company s estimate for meeting those established performance targets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates that it will achieve , and for the incentive stock awards expected to vest, inclusive of the RTSR modifier, based on the estimated performance for the periods ending December 31, 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively, and has recorded incentive compensation expense accordingly. If the estimates of the number of these incentive stock units expected to vest changes in a future accounting period, cumulative compensation expense could increase or decrease and will be recognized in the current period for the elapsed portion of the vesting period and would change future expense for the remaining vesting period. 
 Compensation expense for the non-vested restricted stock and incentive stock units is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant and recognized over the applicable vesting period. Expense for incentive stock units is updated as necessary based on the Company's performance. 
 20 

Granted Vested ) ) Adjustment for incentive stock awards expected to vest Canceled ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

10. 
 and , respectively. The overall effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. The year over year decrease in the effective rate for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and audit closures. Additionally, the year over year decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was impacted by higher discrete equity compensation tax deductions, audit closures, and a change in jurisdictional mix of earnings. 

11. 
 Denominator Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Assumed conversion of dilutive stock-based compensation plans Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders per common share Basic Diluted 

12. 
 Warranty expense Warranty claim payments ) ) Foreign currency impact/other ) Balance at September 30 

21 

13. 
 million was classified as "Other accrued liabilities" on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, which approximates fair value. There was amount of contingent consideration outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Hedging Activities In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rates, commodity prices and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position. At times, we limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as cross-currency swaps, foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, commodity swaps and options. These hedging contracts are valued using broker quotations, or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter markets. As such, these derivative instruments are classified within Level 2. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The Company uses forward contracts to hedge forecasted foreign currency denominated sales of finished goods and future settlement of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Derivatives used to hedge firm commitments relevant to sales and purchases and forecasted transactions to be realized with high probability that meet the criteria for hedge accounting are designated as cash flow hedges. The effective portion of gains and losses is deferred as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is recognized in earnings at the time the hedged item affects earnings, in the same line item as the underlying hedged item. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts reclassified into income were not material. 
 The Company has also established balance sheet risk management and net investment hedging programs to protect its balance sheet against foreign currency exchange rate volatility. We conduct our business worldwide in U.S. dollars and the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries, including euro, Indian rupee, British pound sterling, Australian dollars and several other foreign currencies. Changes in these foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our financial results that are reported in U.S. dollars. We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our foreign subsidiaries, including intercompany loans denominated in non-functional currencies. We hedge these exposures using foreign currency swap contracts and cross-currency swaps to offset the potential income statement effects on intercompany loans denominated in non-functional currencies. These programs reduce but do not eliminate foreign currency exchange rate risk entirely. 
 The Company enters into certain derivative contracts in accordance with its risk management strategy that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting, but which have the impact of largely mitigating foreign currency exposure. These foreign exchange contracts are accounted for on a full mark to market basis through earnings, with gains and losses recorded as a component of Other (expense) income, net. The net gains and losses related to these contracts were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These contracts typically mature within . 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company may use interest rate hedge contracts on certain investing and borrowing transactions to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes and to manage its overall cost of borrowing. The Company does not use leveraged swaps and, in general, does not leverage any of its investment activities that would put principal capital at risk. During the first quarter of 
 22 

Other current liabilities 2 ) Interest Rate Contracts Other current assets 2 Other current liabilities 2 Total ) 
 The following table summarizes the assets, liabilities, gross notional amounts, fair values, and fair value hierarchy classification of the designated and non-designated hedges discussed in the above sections as of December 31, 2023, which are included in other current assets and liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets: Fair Value Gross Notional Amount In millions Level Designated Non-Designated Designated Non-Designated Foreign Exchange Contracts Other current assets 2 Other current liabilities 2 ) ) Interest Rate Contracts Other current assets 2 Total 

14. 
 23 

million through July 31, 2017 and were continuing to accumulate. The majority of the damages stems from a delay in approval of the wireless crossing system by the Federal Railway Administration ("FRA") and the Public Utility Commission ("PUC"), resulting in the use of flaggers at all of the crossings pending approval of the wireless crossing system and certification of the crossings. DTC has alleged that the delay is due to Xorail's failure to achieve constant warning times for the crossings in accordance with the approval requirements imposed by the FRA and PUC. Xorail has denied DTC's assertions, stating that its system satisfied the contractual requirements. Xorail has worked with DTC to modify its system and implement the FRA's and PUC's previously undefined approval requirements; the FRA and PUC have both approved modified wireless crossing system, and as of August 2018, DTC completed the process of certifying the crossings and eliminated the use of flaggers. DTC has not updated its claim notices or alleged damages against Xorail, nor have they filed any formal claim against Xorail. On September 21, 2018, DTC filed a complaint against RTD in Colorado state court for breach of contract related to non-payments and the costs for the flaggers, asserting a change-in-law arising from the FRA/PUC s new certification requirements. DTC's claim against RTD proceeded to trial on September 21, 2020. On February 10, 2023, the court issued a decision in favor of RTD, denying DTC's damages claim. DTC has filed a Notice of Appeal. 
 From time to time the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the ordinary course of business. As of the date hereof, the Company is involved in no litigation that the Company believes will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

15. 
 reportable segments the Freight Segment and the Transit Segment. The key factors used to identify these reportable segments are the organization and alignment of the Company s internal operations, the nature of the products and services and customer type. The Company's business segments are: 
 Freight Segment builds, rebuilds, upgrades, and overhauls locomotives, services locomotives and freight cars, and provides a range of component and digital solutions for customers in the freight and transit rail, mining, and marine industries. It also manufactures and services components for new and existing freight cars and locomotives, supplies railway electronics, positive train control equipment, signal design and engineering services, maintenance of way, and provides heat exchange and cooling systems for locomotives and power generation equipment. Customers include large, publicly traded railroads, leasing companies, manufacturers of original equipment such as locomotives and freight cars, and utilities, and also serves companies in the mining, marine, and industrial markets. We refer to sales of both goods, such as spare parts and equipment upgrades, and related services, such as monitoring, maintenance and repairs, as sales in our Services product line. 
 Transit Segment primarily manufactures and services components for new and existing passenger transit vehicles, typically regional trains, high speed trains, subway cars, light-rail vehicles and buses. It also refurbishes subway cars and provides heating, ventilation, and air conditioning equipment and doors for buses and subway cars. Customers include public transit authorities and municipalities, leasing companies and manufacturers of subway cars and buses around the world. 
 The Company evaluates its business segments operating results based on income from operations. Intersegment sales are accounted for at prices that are generally established by reference to similar transactions with unaffiliated customers. Corporate activities include general corporate expenses, elimination of intersegment transactions, interest income and expense, and other unallocated charges. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, Company Management determined that certain parts of the business would be better aligned with Management oversight in different product lines. These changes were immaterial to the individual product lines and segments affected, and historical amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 24 

Intersegment sales/(elimination) ) Total sales ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other, net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 Segment financial information for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 In millions Freight Segment Transit Segment Corporate Activities and Elimination Total Sales to external customers Intersegment sales/(elimination) ) Total sales ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other, net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 Segment financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 
 In millions Freight Segment Transit Segment Corporate Activities and Elimination Total Sales to external customers Intersegment sales/(elimination) ) Total sales ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other, net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 Segment financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 In millions Freight Segment Transit Segment Corporate Activities and Elimination Total Sales to external customers Intersegment sales/(elimination) ) Total sales ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense and other, net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 25 

Equipment Components Digital Intelligence Total Freight Segment Transit Segment: Original Equipment Manufacturer Aftermarket Total Transit Segment 

16.) ) ) ) Equity income Expected return on pension assets/amortization Other miscellaneous expense, net ) ) ) Total Other (expense) income, net ) ) 
 
 26 

17. 
 strategic initiative Integration 2.0 to review and consolidate our operating footprint, reduce headcount, streamline the end-to-end manufacturing process, restructure the North America distribution channels, expand operations in low-cost countries, and simplify the business through systems enablement. Through this initiative, Management will also evaluate additional capital investments to further simplify and streamline the business. The Company anticipates that it will incur one-time restructuring charges related to Integration 2.0 of approximately million to million. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Other income, net ) Total Freight Segment Transit Segment: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Amortization expense Total Transit Segment Total Integration 2.0 restructuring charges 
 Total one-time restructuring charges related to Integration 2.0 to date are approximately million, which includes amounts recorded beginning in the fourth quarter 2021, and are primarily for employee-related costs and asset write downs associated with site consolidations in Europe. Cash payments made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately million and million, respectively. Cash payments made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were material. 
 million in net exit charges related to Portfolio Optimization, which will be predominately non-cash asset write downs. Wabtec recorded charges of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily for asset write downs related to Portfolio Optimization. No charges related to Portfolio Optimization were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total one-time restructuring charges related to Portfolio Optimization to date are approximately million. 
 27 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation s Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2024. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Wabtec is a global provider of value-added, technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems, and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries, as well as the mining, marine and industrial markets. Our highly engineered products, which are intended to enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, can be found on most locomotives, freight cars, passenger transit cars and buses around the world. Our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. Wabtec is a global company with operations in over 50 countries and our products can be found in more than 100 countries throughout the world. In the first nine months of 2024, approximately 52 of the Company s Net sales came from customers outside the United States. 
 Business Update 
 During the first nine months of 2024, Wabtec continued to execute on our value creation framework by signing several key agreements including: a multi-year Tier 4 locomotive order in North America for over 600 million, a multi-year locomotive order in Kazakhstan for over 400 million, and a multi-year order for new locomotives in Africa. Additionally, Wabtec won a long-term parts agreement with a Class I railroad for over 300 million, signed its first multi-year service contract with a customer in Brazil worth over 240 million, and secured a long-term parts agreement with a customer in Asia. Operationally, Wabtec began commercial operations for its Green Friction braking solution in Paris and launched the next generation of railcar movers with its Shuttlewagon Commander NXT. Additionally, as a result of Wabtec's strong revenue and profitable growth over the past few years, rating agencies have made the following changes to our credit ratings: both Fitch Ratings and S P Global Ratings upgraded Wabtec's credit rating from BBB- to BBB with a Stable outlook, and Moody's updated Wabtec's outlook to positive from stable. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, Wabtec announced Integration 2.0, a three-year strategic initiative to target incremental run rate synergies estimated to be between 75 million and 90 million in 2025. The scope of the review includes consolidating our operating footprint, reducing headcount, streamlining the end-to-end manufacturing process, restructuring the North America distribution channels, expanding operations in low-cost countries and simplifying the business through systems enablement. Management will also consider additional capital investments to further simplify and streamline the business. The Company anticipates that it will incur one-time restructuring charges of approximately 135 million to 165 million related to this initiative, of which approximately 140 million has been incurred through September 30, 2024. Total estimated initiative charges could change based on the specific programs approved or changes to the scope of the review. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred one-time restructuring charges for programs included in the initiative of approximately 10 million and 22 million, respectively, and 13 million and 30 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily for employee-related costs and asset write downs associated with site consolidations in Europe. Programs approved to date are expected to result in approximately 15 facility closures and impact up to 1,100 employees. 
 In addition to Integration 2.0, Wabtec is focused on exiting various low margin product offerings through Portfolio Optimization to improve profitability while reducing manufacturing complexity. Wabtec expects to incur approximately 85 million in net exit charges related to Portfolio Optimization, which will be predominately non-cash asset write downs. Wabtec recorded charges of approximately 8 million and 13 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for asset write downs related to Portfolio Optimization. No charges related to Portfolio Optimization were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total one-time restructuring charges related to Portfolio Optimization to date are approximately 41 million. 
 Future macroeconomic volatility, supply chain disruptions and labor availability could cause component and raw material shortages resulting in an adverse effect on the timing of the Company s revenue and cash flows. Additionally, broad-based inflation, metals, energy and other commodity costs, transportation and logistics costs, labor costs, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations all continue to impact our results. The Company utilizes various mitigating actions intended to lessen the impact of macroeconomic volatility. These actions include implementing price escalations and surcharges, driving 
 28 

operational efficiencies through various cost mitigation efforts and discretionary spend management, strategically sourcing materials, reviewing and modifying distribution logistics, and accelerating integration synergies through Integration 2.0. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, Company Management determined that certain parts of the business would be better aligned with Management oversight in different product lines. These changes were immaterial to the individual product lines and segments affected, and historical amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

29 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Consolidated Results 
 THIRD QUARTER 2024 COMPARED TO THIRD QUARTER 2023 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated. Three Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Net sales: Sales of goods 2,171 2,048 Sales of services 492 502 Total Net sales 2,663 2,550 Cost of sales: Cost of goods (1,512) (1,475) Cost of services (271) (283) Total Cost of sales (1,783) (1,758) Gross profit 880 792 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses (318) (295) Engineering expenses (50) (53) Amortization expense (79) (74) Total Operating expenses (447) (422) Income from operations 433 370 Other income and expenses: Interest expense, net (52) (60) Other (expense) income, net (3) 10 Income before income taxes 378 320 Income tax expense (92) (78) Net income 286 242 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (3) (2) Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders 283 240 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from the three months ended September 30, 2023: In millions Freight Segment Transit Segment Total Third Quarter 2023 Net sales 1,881 669 2,550 Acquisitions 2 2 Foreign Exchange (11) 8 (3) Organic 58 56 114 Third Quarter 2024 Net sales 1,930 733 2,663 
 
 30 

Net sales 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 113 million, or 4.4 , to 2.66 billion compared to the same period in 2023. Organic sales increased 114 million which was attributable to both the Freight and Transit Segments. Freight Services sales increased from higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and engine overhauls. Digital Intelligence sales increased due to higher international sales, including Positive Train Control ("PTC"), on-board locomotive solutions, and digital mining products. Freight Equipment sales decreased from lower locomotive deliveries, partially offset by increased mining sales. Transit sales increased from higher demand for Original Equipment Manufacturing and Aftermarket products driven by increased investments in sustainable infrastructure. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 25 million, or 1.4 , to 1.78 billion compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to the increase in Net sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of Net sales was 67.0 and 69.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The improvement in gross margin is attributable to favorable mix within the Freight segment, strong productivity and the impacts of Integration 2.0. Costs of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 7 million and 13 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization related to Integration 2.0 in both years and Portfolio Optimization in 2024. 
 Operating expenses 
 Total operating expenses increased 25 million, or 5.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the increase in Net sales and higher restructuring costs. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales was 16.8 and 16.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") increased 23 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily from costs incurred to support the higher sales volume and higher employee compensation and benefit costs, partially offset by the impacts of Integration 2.0. Restructuring costs included in SG A were 5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization programs related to Integration 2.0 and Portfolio Optimization. There were no restructuring amounts recorded in SG A for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, decreased 8 million to 52 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower average debt balances in the current period. 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net, decreased 13 million from 10 million to (3) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher foreign exchange losses and lower equity income. 
 Income taxes 
 The effective income tax rate was 24.2 and 24.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year over year decrease was primarily driven by a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and audit closures. 
 31 

Freight Segment 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for our Freight Segment for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales: Sales of goods 1,440 1,382 58 4.2 Sales of services 490 499 (9) (1.8) Total Net sales 1,930 1,881 49 2.6 Cost of sales: Cost of goods (987) (991) (4) (0.4) Cost of services (270) (281) (11) (3.9) Total Cost of sales (1,257) (1,272) (15) (1.2) Cost of sales of Net sales) 65.0 67.6 (2.6) Gross profit 673 609 64 10.5 Operating expenses (283) (284) (1) (0.4) Income from operations 390 325 65 20.0 Income from operations of Net sales) 20.2 17.3 2.9 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales for the Freight Segment in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023: In millions Third Quarter 2023 Net sales 1,881 Acquisitions 2 Foreign Exchange (11) Organic changes in Net sales by Product Line: Equipment (100) Services 135 Components 1 Digital Intelligence 22 Third Quarter 2024 Net sales 1,930 
 Net sales 
 Freight Segment organic sales increased by 58 million driven primarily by Services sales from higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and engine overhauls and Digital Intelligence due to higher international sales, including PTC, on-board locomotive solutions, and digital mining products. Equipment sales decreased from lower locomotive deliveries, partially offset by increased mining sales. 
 Cost of sales 
 Freight Segment Cost of sales decreased 15 million, and Cost of sales as a percentage of Net sales decreased 2.6 percentage points. The improvement in gross margin is attributable to favorable mix within the Freight Segment product lines and strong productivity. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was also impacted by manufacturing inefficiencies related to labor negotiations at our Erie facility. Cost of sales for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 2 million of restructuring costs, respectively, primarily related to Integration 2.0 in both years and Portfolio Optimization in 2024. 
 32 

Operating expenses 
 Freight Segment operating expenses decreased by 1 million primarily driven by lower professional services spend and a reduction in research and development costs, partially offset by higher SG A expenses resulting from higher costs to support increased sales volume, higher employee compensation and benefit costs and incremental expense from acquisitions. Freight Segment operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were also impacted by labor negotiations at our Erie facility. Freight SG A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included 2 million of restructuring costs, primarily related to Portfolio Optimization. The amounts recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2023 were not significant. 
 33 

Transit Segment 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for our Transit Segment for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 733 669 64 9.6 Cost of sales (526) (486) 40 8.2 Cost of sales of Net sales) 71.8 72.8 (1.0) Gross profit 207 183 24 13.1 Operating expenses (128) (113) 15 13.3 Income from operations 79 70 9 12.9 Income from operations of Net sales) 10.8 10.3 0.5 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales for the Transit Segment in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023: In millions Third Quarter 2023 Net sales 669 Foreign Exchange 8 Organic changes in Net sales by Product Line: Aftermarket 16 Original Equipment Manufacturing 40 Third Quarter 2024 Net sales 733 
 Net sales 
 Transit Segment organic sales increased by 56 million driven by strong Original Equipment Manufacturing and Aftermarket sales primarily as a result of increased demand for products and services and increased investments in sustainable infrastructure. Changes in foreign exchange rates also increased sales by 8 million. 
 Cost of sales 
 Transit Segment Cost of sales increased by 40 million, primarily due to higher sales volume. Costs of sales as a percentage of sales decreased by 1.0 percentage points. The increase in gross margin was attributable to benefits from structured cost actions taken through Integration 2.0 and prior years' restructuring and integration projects, partially offset by unfavorable mix within the Transit Segment. Transit Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 5 million and 11 million of restructuring costs, respectively, primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions in Europe related to Integration 2.0. 
 Operating expenses 
 Transit Segment operating expenses increased by 15 million as compared to the prior year. Higher SG A expenses to support higher sales volume and higher employee compensation and benefit costs were partially offset by benefits from structured cost actions taken through Integration 2.0 and prior years' restructuring and integration projects. Transit SG A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included 3 million of restructuring costs, primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions in Europe related to Integration 2.0. The amounts recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2023 were not significant. 
 34 

FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2024 COMPARED TO FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2023 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated. Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Net sales: Sales of goods 6,323 5,631 Sales of services 1,481 1,520 Total Net sales 7,804 7,151 Cost of sales: Cost of goods (4,413) (4,132) Cost of services (822) (839) Total Cost of sales (5,235) (4,971) Gross profit 2,569 2,180 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses (915) (843) Engineering expenses (155) (157) Amortization expense (224) (222) Total Operating expenses (1,294) (1,222) Income from operations 1,275 958 Other income and expenses: Interest expense, net (148) (163) Other (expense) income, net (1) 17 Income before income taxes 1,126 812 Income tax expense (272) (204) Net income 854 608 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (10) (8) Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders 844 600 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023: In millions Freight Segment Transit Segment Total First Nine Months of 2023 Net sales 5,134 2,017 7,151 Acquisitions 72 72 Foreign Exchange (18) 2 (16) Organic 486 111 597 First Nine Months of 2024 Net sales 5,674 2,130 7,804 
 
 35 

Net sales 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 653 million, or 9.1 , to 7.80 billion compared to the same period in 2023. Organic sales increased 597 million which was attributable to both the Freight and Transit Segments. Freight Equipment sales increased from higher North American and international locomotive sales and increased mining sales. Freight Services sales increased from higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and engine overhauls and higher parts sales. Transit sales increased from higher demand for Original Equipment Manufacturing and Aftermarket products driven by increased investments in sustainable infrastructure. Sales from acquisitions contributed 72 million in the Freight Segment and unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates decreased sales by 16 million. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 264 million, or 5.3 , to 5.24 billion compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to the increase in Net sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of Net sales was 67.1 and 69.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The improvement in gross margin is attributable to improved pricing, favorable mix between the Freight and Transit segments, improved productivity and favorable fixed cost absorption. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 19 million and 25 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization related to Integration 2.0 in both years and Portfolio Optimization in 2024. 
 Operating expenses 
 Total operating expenses increased 72 million, or 5.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the increase in Net sales. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales was 16.6 and 17.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. SG A expenses increased 72 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily from costs incurred to support the higher sales volume and higher employee compensation and benefit costs, partially offset by the impacts of Integration 2.0. Restructuring costs included in SG A were 11 million and 7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization programs related to Integration 2.0 in both years and Portfolio Optimization in 2024. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, decreased 15 million to 148 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower average debt balances in the current period, partially offset by higher effective interest rates. 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net, decreased 18 million from 17 million to (1) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower equity income. 
 Income taxes 
 The effective income tax rate was 24.1 and 25.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year over year decrease was primarily driven by higher discrete equity compensation tax deductions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, audit closures, and a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. 
 36 

Freight Segment 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for our Freight Segment for the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales: Sales of goods 4,200 3,624 576 15.9 Sales of services 1,474 1,510 (36) (2.4) Total Net sales 5,674 5,134 540 10.5 Cost of sales: Cost of goods (2,889) (2,678) 211 7.9 Cost of services (818) (831) (13) (1.6) Total Cost of sales (3,707) (3,509) 198 5.6 Cost of sales of Net sales) 65.3 68.3 (3.0) Gross profit 1,967 1,625 342 21.0 Operating expenses (818) (805) 13 1.6 Income from operations 1,149 820 329 40.1 Income from operations of Net sales) 20.2 16.0 4.2 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales for the Freight Segment in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023: In millions First Nine Months of 2023 Net sales 5,134 Acquisitions 72 Foreign Exchange (18) Organic changes in Net sales by Product Line: Equipment 175 Services 279 Components 13 Digital Intelligence 19 First Nine Months of 2024 Net sales 5,674 
 Net sales 
 Freight Segment organic sales increased by 486 million driven primarily by Services sales from higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and engine overhauls and higher parts sales, and Equipment sales from higher North American and international locomotive sales and increased mining sales. Additionally, Freight Segment sales also benefited from acquisitions by 72 million, primarily from our strategic acquisition of L M Radiator, Inc. 
 Cost of sales 
 Freight Segment Cost of sales increased 198 million from higher sales volume, and Cost of sales as a percentage of Net sales decreased 3.0 percentage points. The improvement in gross margin is attributable to improved pricing, favorable mix within the Freight Segment product lines and improved productivity. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was also impacted by manufacturing inefficiencies related to labor negotiations at our Erie facility and costs related to next generation product development in Digital Intelligence. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 10 million and 8 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily related to Integration 2.0 in both years and Portfolio Optimization in 2024. 
 37 

Operating expenses 
 Freight Segment operating expenses increased by 13 million primarily driven by higher SG A expenses resulting from higher costs to support increased sales volume, higher employee compensation and benefit costs and incremental expense from acquisitions. Freight SG A expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 2 million of restructuring costs, primarily related to Portfolio Optimization. The amounts recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were not significant. 
 38 

Transit Segment 
 The following table shows our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for our Transit Segment for the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 2,130 2,017 113 5.6 Cost of sales (1,528) (1,462) 66 4.5 Cost of sales of Net sales) 71.8 72.5 (0.7) Gross profit 602 555 47 8.5 Operating expenses (367) (347) 20 5.8 Income from operations 235 208 27 13.0 Income from operations of Net sales) 11.0 10.3 0.7 
 The following table shows the major components of the change in Net sales for the Transit Segment in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023: In millions First Nine Months of 2023 Net sales 2,017 Foreign Exchange 2 Organic changes in Net sales by Product Line: Aftermarket 73 Original Equipment Manufacturing 38 First Nine Months of 2024 Net sales 2,130 
 Net sales 
 Transit Segment organic sales increased by 111 million driven by strong Original Equipment Manufacturing and Aftermarket sales primarily as a result of increased demand for products and services and increased investments in sustainable infrastructure. 
 Cost of sales 
 Transit Segment Cost of sales increased by 66 million primarily from higher sales volume, and Costs of sales as a percentage of sales decreased by 0.7 percentage points. The increase in gross margin is primarily attributable to favorable mix within the Transit Segment and the benefits from structured cost actions taken through Integration 2.0 and prior years' restructuring and integration projects. Transit Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 9 million and 17 million of restructuring costs, respectively, primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions in Europe related to Integration 2.0. 
 Operating expenses 
 Transit Segment operating expenses increased by 20 million as compared to the prior year. Higher SG A expenses to support higher sales volume and higher employee compensation and benefit costs were partially offset by benefits from structured cost actions taken through Integration 2.0 and prior years' restructuring and integration projects. Transit SG A expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 9 million and 6 million of restructuring costs, respectively, primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions in Europe related to Integration 2.0. 
 39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is provided by operating cash flows and borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement and the 2024 Credit Agreement, each with a consortium of commercial banks, and proceeds from the Company s Senior Notes. Additionally, the Company utilizes the revolving receivables program and supply chain financing program described below, as well as other short-term financing agreements with certain banks, for added flexibility as part of our liquidity management strategy. The following is a summary of selected cash flow information and other relevant data: Nine Months Ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 1,111 515 Investing activities (106) (336) Financing activities (1,209) (323) 
 Operating activities In the first nine months of 2024, cash provided by operating activities was 1,111 million compared to 515 million in the first nine months of 2023. Significant changes to the sources and (uses) of cash for the nine month periods include the following: 
 246 million from increased Net income; 
 137 million from changes in Accounts payable due to timing of payments; 
 122 million from favorable changes in Accounts receivables driven by 202 million of higher collections on receivables, partially offset by (80) million of higher remittance for the Revolving Receivables Program; and, 
 86 million from changes in Inventory primarily from the inventory build during the first nine months of 2023 due to a strike at the manufacturing facility in Erie, Pennsylvania, as well as supply chain disruptions. 
 Investing activities In the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, cash used for investing activities was (106) million and (336) million, respectively. During the first nine months of 2024, Wabtec used (123) million for additions to property, plant and equipment for investments in our facilities and manufacturing processes, received 17 million of proceeds from dispositions of businesses, received 13 million of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and used (13) million for acquisitions. During the first nine months of 2023, Wabtec acquired L M Radiator Inc., a leading manufacturer of heavy-duty equipment radiators and heat exchangers, for net cash of approximately (229) million and used (109) million for additions to property, plant, and equipment. 
 Financing activities In the first nine months of 2024, cash used for financing activities was (1,209) million which included (62) million from net changes in debt, (974) million in stock repurchases, (106) million of dividend payments, (42) million of contingent consideration payments related to the GE Transportation acquisition, (24) million of payments for income tax withholding on share-based compensation, and (6) million for distributions to noncontrolling interest. In the first nine months of 2023, cash used for financing activities was (323) million, which included 49 million from net changes in debt, (252) million in stock repurchases, (92) million of dividend payments, (16) million of payments for income tax withholding on share-based compensation, and (12) million for distributions to noncontrolling interest. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company entered into the 2024 Credit Agreement for a term loan of 225 million. Also during the first quarter of 2024, the Company issued 500 million of Senior Notes due in 2034. Proceeds from the 2034 Notes, combined with the proceeds from the term loan under the 2024 Credit Agreement and cash on hand, were utilized to repay the outstanding amount of 2024 Notes at maturity. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 410 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, of which approximately 9 million was held within the United States and approximately 401 million was held outside of the United States, primarily in India, Brazil, Europe and China. While repatriation of some cash held outside the United States may be restricted by local laws, most of the Company s foreign cash could be repatriated to the United States net of any tax impacts. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 9 million of the Company's 410 million of cash balance was classified as restricted. 
 We or our affiliates may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase outstanding debt through negotiated or open-market cash purchases, exchanges, or otherwise, and such transactions, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 40 

Revolving Receivables Program 
 The Company utilizes a revolving receivables facility to sell up to 350 million of certain receivables through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary to a financial institution on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables sold. As customers pay their balances, we transfer additional receivables into the program, which could result in our gross receivables sold being higher or lower than customer collections remitted to the financial institution for any applicable periods. Net cash proceeds included in cash from operations from the revolving receivables program were 75 million and 155 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additional information with respect to the Revolving Receivables Program is included in Note 2 of "Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 Supply Chain Financing Program 
 The Company has entered into supply chain financing arrangements with third-party financial institutions to provide our vendors with enhanced payment options while providing the Company with added working capital flexibility. The Company does not provide any guarantees under these arrangements, does not have an economic interest in our suppliers' voluntary participation, does not receive an economic benefit from the financial institutions, and no assets are pledged under the arrangements. The arrangements do not change the payable terms negotiated by the Company and our vendors and does not result in a change in the classification of amounts due as Accounts payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional information with respect to the Supply Chain Financing Program is included in Note 2 of "Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 Intra-Quarter Uncommitted Money Market Line Credit Agreement 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an uncommitted bilateral money market line credit agreement which provides an aggregate borrowing capacity of 150 million, for general business purposes and working capital needs within a quarter. 
 Guarantor Summarized Financial Information 
 The obligations under the US Notes issued by Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (the "Parent Company") have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Parent Company's U.S. subsidiaries ("Guarantor Subsidiaries"). Each guarantor is 100 owned by the Parent Company, with the exception of GE Transportation, a Wabtec Company, which has 15,000 shares outstanding of Class A Non-Voting Preferred Stock held by General Electric Company. The Euro Notes are issued by Wabtec Transportation Netherlands B.V. ("Wabtec Netherlands") and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company. 
 The following tables present summarized financial information of the Parent Company and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis. The combined summarized financial information eliminates intercompany balances and transactions among the Parent Company and guarantor subsidiaries and equity in earnings and investments in any guarantor subsidiaries or non-guarantor subsidiaries. The summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of Rule 13-01 under SEC Regulation S-X for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries. 
 Summarized Statement of Income Unaudited Parent Company and Guarantor Subsidiaries In millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net sales 4,567 Gross profit 1,632 Net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders 768 
 41 

Summarized Balance Sheet Unaudited Parent Company and Guarantor Subsidiaries In millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 1,225 1,513 Noncurrent assets 2,018 2,196 Current liabilities 2,169 2,443 Long-term debt 2,961 2,739 Other non-current liabilities 517 662 
 The following is a description of the transactions between the combined Parent Company and guarantor subsidiaries with non-guarantor subsidiaries. Unaudited Parent Company and Guarantor Subsidiaries In millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries 665 Purchases from non-guarantor subsidiaries 857 Unaudited Parent Company and Guarantor Subsidiaries In millions September 30, 2024 Amount due to non-guarantor subsidiaries 11,786 
 
 Summarized Financial Information Euro Notes 
 The obligations under Wabtec Netherlands Euro Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company. Wabtec Netherlands is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of the Parent Company. Wabtec Netherlands is a holding company and does not have any independent operations. Its assets consist of its investments in subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities that are not guarantors of the Euro Notes and have no obligations to pay amounts due under Wabtec Netherlands obligations. 
 The following tables present summarized financial information of Wabtec Netherlands, as the Issuer of the Euro Notes, and the Parent Company, as the parent Guarantor, on a combined basis. The combined summarized financial information eliminates all intercompany balances and transactions among Wabtec Netherlands and the Parent Company as well as all equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary of the Parent Company, other than Wabtec Netherlands, which we refer to below as the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. The summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of Rule 13-01 under SEC Regulation S-X for the issuer and Parent Company guarantor. 
 Summarized Statement of Income Unaudited Issuer and Guarantor In millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net sales 418 Gross profit 76 Net loss attributable to Wabtec shareholders (418) 
 42 

Summarized Balance Sheet Unaudited Issuer and Guarantor In millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 170 493 Noncurrent assets 645 651 Current liabilities 1,010 1,272 Long-term debt 3,516 3,287 Other non-current liabilities 55 84 
 The following is a description of the transactions between the combined Wabtec Netherlands, as the Issuer of the Euro Notes, and the Parent Company, as the parent Guarantor, with the subsidiaries of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp., other than Wabtec Netherlands, none of which are guarantors of the Euro Notes. 
 
 Unaudited Issuer and Guarantor In millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries 36 Purchases from non-guarantor subsidiaries 106 Unaudited Issuer and Guarantor In millions September 30, 2024 Amount due to non-guarantor subsidiaries 8,081 
 Company Stock Repurchase Plan 
 On February 9, 2024, the Board of Directors reauthorized its stock repurchase program to refresh the amount available for stock repurchases to 1 billion of the Company s outstanding shares. This new stock repurchase authorization supersedes the previous authorization of 750 million, of which approximately 333 million remained at the reauthorization date. No time limit was set for the completion of the program which conforms to the requirements under the 2022 Credit Agreement and the 2024 Credit Agreement and the indentures for the Senior Notes currently outstanding. The Company may repurchase shares in the future at any time, depending upon market conditions, our capital needs and other factors. Purchases of shares may be made by open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases and may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plan or otherwise. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 123 million was remaining under the stock repurchase plan. 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 We believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may constitute forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure that our assumptions and expectations are correct. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things: 
 Economic and industry conditions 
 changes in general economic and/or industry specific conditions, including the impacts of tax and tariff programs, inflation, supply chain disruptions, foreign currency exchange, and industry consolidation; 
 prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including North America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and Africa; 
 decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses and related products and services; 
 reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers; 
 original equipment manufacturers program delays; 
 demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry; 
 43 

demand for our products and services; 
 orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels or being reduced, and/or economic conditions affecting the ability of our customers to pay timely for goods and services delivered; 
 consolidations in the rail industry; 
 continued outsourcing by our customers; 
 industry demand for faster and more efficient braking equipment; 
 fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; 
 availability of credit or difficulty in obtaining debt or equity financing; 
 changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for projects to be considered "green" or "sustainable" or negative perceptions regarding determinations in such regard with respect to our Green Finance Framework or ESG strategy; or 
 changes in the ESG topics that have the highest relative priority for Wabtec's external stakeholders; 
 Operating factors 
 supply disruptions; 
 technical difficulties; 
 changes in operating conditions and costs; 
 increases in raw material costs; 
 successful introduction of new products; 
 performance under material long-term contracts; 
 labor availability and relations; 
 the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental matters, asbestos-related matters, pension liabilities, warranties, product liabilities, competition and anti-trust matters or intellectual property claims; 
 completion and integration of acquisitions; 
 the development and use of new technology; or 
 cybersecurity and data protection risks; 
 Competitive factors 
 the actions of competitors; or 
 the outcome of negotiations with partners, suppliers, customers or others; 
 Political/governmental factors 
 political stability in relevant areas of the world, including the impacts of war, conflicts, global military action, and acts of terrorism; 
 future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry; 
 levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers; 
 political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to Positive Train Control; 
 federal and state income tax legislation; 
 sanctions imposed on countries and persons; or 
 the outcome of negotiations with governments; 
 Natural hazards / health crises 
 impacts of climate change, including evolving climate change policy; 
 disruptive natural hazards, including earthquakes, fires, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or other weather conditions; 
 epidemics, pandemics, or similar public health crises; 
 deterioration of general economic conditions as a result of natural hazards or health crises; 
 shutdown of one or more of our operating facilities as a result of natural hazards and health crises; or 
 supply chain and sourcing disruptions as a result of natural hazards, health crises or other external factors; 
 Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q apply only as of the date on which such statements are made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Reference is also made to the risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 A summary of critical accounting estimates is included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In particular, judgment is used in areas such as accounts receivable and the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, business combinations, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, warranty reserves, income taxes, and revenue recognition. There have been no significant changes in the related accounting policies since December 31, 2023. 
 44 

Contractual Obligations 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company entered into the 2024 Credit Agreement for a term loan of 225 million which is scheduled to mature on March 14, 2029. Also during the first quarter of 2024, the Company issued 500 million of Senior Notes due in 2034. Proceeds from the 2034 Notes, combined with the proceeds from the term loan under the 2024 Credit Agreement and cash on hand, were utilized to repay the outstanding amount of 2024 Notes at maturity. As a result of these transactions, contractual obligations related the repayment of Long-term debt for 2029 and beyond has increased to 725 million. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an uncommitted bilateral money market line credit agreement which provides an aggregate borrowing capacity of 150 million, for general business purposes and working capital needs within a quarter. 
 45 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in Item 7A of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 13 - Fair Value Measurement and Derivative Instruments of "Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional information regarding interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Wabtec s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of Wabtec s disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that Wabtec s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Wabtec in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Wabtec in such reports is accumulated and communicated to Wabtec s Management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There was no change in Wabtec s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Wabtec s internal control over financial reporting. 
 46 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Additional information with respect to legal proceedings is included in Note 14 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The following table summarizes the Company's stock repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024: Issuer Purchases of Common Stock In millions, except shares and price per share Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (1) July 2024 555,587 161.88 555,587 633 August 2024 1,501,329 156.30 1,501,329 398 September 2024 1,627,298 168.99 1,627,298 123 Total quarter ended September 30, 2024 3,684,214 162.75 3,684,214 123 
 (1) On February 9, 2024, the Board of Directors reauthorized its stock repurchase program to refresh the amount available for stock repurchases to 1 billion of the Company s outstanding shares. This new stock repurchase authorization supersedes the previous authorization of 750 million, of which approximately 333 million remained at the reauthorization date. No time limit was set for the completion of the program which conforms to the requirements under the 2022 Credit Agreement, the 2024 Credit Agreement and the indentures for the Senior Notes currently outstanding. The Company may repurchase shares in the future at any time, depending upon market conditions, our capital needs and other factors. Purchases of shares may be made by open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases and may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plan or otherwise. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 123 million was remaining under the stock repurchase plan. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable 

Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None of Wabtec's Directors or Officers have , , or materially modified any trading plans, whether or not the plan was intended to qualify for the affirmative defense under Rule 10b5-1, during the third quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 47 

Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are being filed with this report: 
 22.1 List of Subsidiary Guarantors 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

48 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION By: /s/ JOHN A. OLIN John A. Olin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) DATE: October 23, 2024 
 
 49 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 wabex2213q2024.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies 
 The obligations under the Company's US Notes, the 2022 Credit Agreement and the 2024 Credit Agreement have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company's U.S. subsidiaries. Each guarantor is 100 owned by the parent company, with the exception of GE Transportation, a Wabtec Company, which has 15,000 shares outstanding of Class A Non-Voting Preferred Stock held by General Electric Company. The Euro Notes are issued by Wabtec Netherlands and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 
 The US Notes, 2022 Credit Agreement and 2024 Credit Agreement 
 Issuer Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation 
 Guarantors GE Transportation, a Wabtec Company 
 RFPC Holding Corp. 
 Transportation IP Holdings, LLC 
 Transportation Systems Services Operations Inc. 
 Wabtec Components, LLC 
 Wabtec Holding, LLC 
 Wabtec Railway Electronics Holdings, LLC 
 Wabtec Transportation Systems, LLC 
 
 The Euro Notes 
 Issuer Wabtec Transportation Netherlands B.V. 
 Guarantor Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 wabex3113q2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Rafael Santana, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 By s RAFAEL SANTANA 
 Name Rafael Santana Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 wabex3123q2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John A. Olin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 By S JOHN A. OLIN 
 Name John A. Olin Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 wabex3213q2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officers of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s RAFAEL SANTANA 
 Rafael Santana President and Chief Executive Officer Date October 23, 2024 By s JOHN A. OLIN 
 John A. Olin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wab-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wab-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wab-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wab-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wab-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

