<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_30305_0001628280-24-045949.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6863621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126557</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1171162</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2498853</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1464884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1469066</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045949.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107062423
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045949
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUCOMMUN INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000030305
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				950693330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08174
		FILM NUMBER:		241432983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 ANTON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626
		BUSINESS PHONE:		657-335-3665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 ANTON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045949.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 dco-20240928.htm
 10-Q

dco-20240928 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of October 29, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES Page PART I . FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II . OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 

2 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be preceded by, followed by or include words such as could, may, believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, expect, would, or similar expressions. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management at the time such statements are made. Generally, forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future actions, events or results of operations. Forward-looking statements specifically include, without limitation, the information in this Form 10-Q regarding: future sales, earnings, cash flow, revenue recognition, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance, projections or expectations for future operations, including costs to complete contracts, goodwill impairment evaluations, useful life of intangible assets, unrecognized tax benefits and effective tax rate, environmental remediation costs, insurance recoveries, industry trends and expectations, including ramp up times for build rates, our plans with respect to restructuring activities, capital expenditures, completed acquisitions, future acquisitions and dispositions and expected business opportunities that may be available to us. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Form 10-Q that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Form 10-K ). 
 There can be no assurance that other factors will not affect the accuracy of these forward-looking statements or that our actual results will not differ materially from the results anticipated in such forward-looking statements. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, some factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include, but are not limited to, those factors or conditions described under Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of our Form 10-K and the following: 
 our level of indebtedness; 
 our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 the covenants in our credit facilities impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility; 
 the typical trading volume of our common stock may affect an investor s ability to sell significant stock holdings in the future without negatively impacting our stock price; 
 our amount of debt may require us to raise additional capital to fund acquisitions; 
 our end use markets are cyclical and we depend upon a select base of industries and customers; 
 a significant portion of our business depends on the U.S. Government defense spending; 
 exports of certain of our products and our production facility in Guaymas, Mexico are subject to various export control regulations and authorizations for proposed sales to certain foreign customers; 
 contracts with some of our customers give them a variety of rights that are unfavorable to us and the OEMs to whom we provide products and services, including the ability to terminate a contract at any time for convenience; 
 further consolidation in the aerospace industry; 
 our ability to execute our growth strategy, which includes evaluating select acquisitions; 
 we may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions, and may experience business disruptions associated with restructuring, performance center consolidations, realignment, cost reduction, and other strategic initiatives; 
 enhanced design, product development, manufacturing, supply chain project management and other skills will be required as we move up the value chain to become a more value added supplier, and we are dependent upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 risks associated with operating and conducting our business outside the United States; 
 customer pricing pressures could reduce the demand and/or price for our products and services; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our products and processes are subject to risk of obsolescence as a result of changes in technology and evolving industrial and regulatory standards; 
 we may not have the ability to renew facilities leases on terms favorable to us and relocation of operations presents risks due to business interruptions; 
 we are subject to a number of procurement laws with which we must comply; 
 our operations are subject to numerous extensive, complex, costly and evolving laws, regulations and restrictions, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and cybersecurity requirements; 
 possible goodwill and other asset impairments; 
 the risk of environmental liabilities and our environmental, social and governance, and sustainability responsibilities; 
 we may be subject to litigation, other legal proceedings and indemnity claims; 
 our ability to implement changes in estimates when bidding on fixed-price contracts; 
 unanticipated changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional income tax liabilities; 
 our ability to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud if our internal control over financial reporting is not effective; 
 labor disruptions and the ability of our suppliers to meet the quality and delivery expectations of our customers; 
 cybersecurity attacks; 
 assertions by third parties of violations of intellectual property rights; and 
 damage or destruction of our facilities caused by natural disasters. 
 We caution the reader that undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not undertake any duty or responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q, except as required by law. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Contract assets Inventories Production cost of contracts Other current assets Total Current Assets Property and Equipment, Net of Accumulated Depreciation of and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets Goodwill Intangibles, Net Deferred Income Taxes Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt, Less Current Portion Non-Current Operating Lease Liabilities Deferred Income Taxes Other Long-Term Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 10, 12) par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Revenues Cost of Sales 
 Gross Profit 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Restructuring Charges 
 Operating Income Interest Expense ) ) ) ) Other Income Income Before Taxes Income Tax Expense Net Income Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Tax: Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs, net of tax of and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 Change in net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax (benefit) expense of ) and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and ) and for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Tax ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock in public offering, net of issuance costs Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock awards vested ) Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at July 1, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Employee stock purchase plan Stock awards vested Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock awards vested ) Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 29, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock awards vested ) Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 28, 2024 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease cost Inventory write down and property and equipment impairment due to restructuring Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Provision for credit losses Recognition of insurance recoveries ) Other Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) Inventories ) Production cost of contracts ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued and other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Payments for acquisition of BLR Aerospace L.L.C., net of cash acquired ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Borrowings from senior secured revolving credit facility Repayments of senior secured revolving credit facility ) ) Repayments of term loan ) ) Repayments of other debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock in public offering, net of issuance costs Net cash paid upon issuance of common stock under stock plans ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 
 primary businesses: the Electronic Systems segment Electronic Systems and the Structural Systems segment Structural Systems ), each of which is a reportable operating segment. Electronic Systems designs, engineers and manufactures high-reliability electronic and electromechanical products used in worldwide technology-driven markets including A D and Industrial end-use markets. Electronic Systems product offerings primarily range from prototype development to complex assemblies. Structural Systems designs, engineers and manufactures large, complex contoured aerostructure components and assemblies and supplies composite and metal bonded structures and assemblies. Structural Systems products are primarily used on commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft, and military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft. Both reportable operating segments follow the same accounting principles. 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current year s presentation. 
 
 New Board of Directors 
 Subsequent to our quarter ended September 28, 2024, effective as of November 5, 2024, we appointed two new independent directors, Daniel G. Korte and Daniel L. Boehle, to the Board. 
 Unsolicited Non-Binding Indication of Interest 
 On April 8, 2024, our Board of Directors BOD confirmed receipt of the first unsolicited non-binding indication of interest dated April 1, 2024 First IOI from Albion River LLC Albion ), a private direct investment firm. Albion expressed interest in acquiring all the outstanding shares of Ducommun for per share in cash. On April 16, 2024, we issued a press release 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 per share in cash. On July 25, 2024, we issued a press release responding to the Second IOI that the BOD had unanimously determined it was not in the best interests of Ducommun and Ducommun shareholders to pursue further discussions regarding the revised proposal. 
 Taxes paid, net Non-cash activities: Purchases of property and equipment not paid 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 financial instruments in the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 See Fair Value above. 
 million, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ), to manage our exposure to interest rate movements on a portion of our debt. At the time we entered into the Forward Interest Rate Swaps, there was a high probability of forecasted interest payments on our debts occurring and the swaps were highly effective in offsetting those interest payments; therefore, we elected to apply cash flow hedge accounting. In July 2022, as a result of refinancing all our existing debt, which allowed borrowing based on a Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps from One Month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to One Month Term SOFR Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ), which occurred on the same day. After the transition of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps and debt to SOFR was completed, we determined the hedging relationships were still highly effective as of the amendment date. See Note 4 and Note 8. As of September 28, 2024, all of our derivative instruments were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 We record changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument that is highly effective and that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax until our earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item. We report changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting in current period earnings. We classify cash flows from derivative instruments in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows in the same category as the item being hedged or on a basis consistent with the nature of the instrument. Prior to the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps being effective on January 1, 2024, we only recorded the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments that were highly effective and that were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges prior to the effective date. See Note 4. 
 When we determine that a derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively. In all situations in which we discontinue hedge accounting and the derivative instrument remains outstanding, we will carry the derivative instrument at its fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets and recognize subsequent changes in its fair value in our current period earnings. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Operating income ) ) ) ) 
 
 Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. When revenue is recognized before we bill our customer, a contract asset is created for the work performed but not yet billed. Similarly, when we receive payment 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. It is reasonably possible we may incur additional losses in the future. 
 Production cost of contracts includes non-recurring production costs, such as design and engineering costs, and tooling and other special-purpose machinery necessary to build parts as specified in a contract. Production costs of contracts are recorded to cost of sales using the over time revenue recognition model. We review the value of the production cost of contracts on a quarterly basis to ensure when added to the estimated cost to complete, the value is not greater than the estimated realizable value of the related contracts. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, production cost of contracts were million and million, respectively. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 Contract assets consist of our right to payment for work performed but not yet billed. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable when we bill our customers. We bill our customers when we ship the products and meet the shipping terms within the revenue contract. Contract liabilities consist of advance or progress payments received from our customers prior to the time transfer of control occurs plus the estimated losses on contracts. When a contract liability and a contract asset exist on the same contract, we report it on a net basis. 
 Contract liabilities 
 The increase in our contract assets as of September 28, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 was primarily due to a net increase of products in work in process in the current period. 
 The decrease in our contract liabilities as of September 28, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 was primarily due to a net decrease of advance or progress payments received from our customers in the current period. We recognized million of the contract liabilities as of December 31, 2023 as revenues during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Performance obligations are defined as customer placed purchase orders POs with firm fixed price and firm delivery dates. Our remaining performance obligations as of September 28, 2024 totaled million. Of the remaining performance obligations as of September 28, 2024, we anticipate recognizing an estimated of our remaining performance obligations as revenue during the next months with the remaining performance obligations being recognized in the remainder of 2025 and beyond. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial aerospace 
 Industrial Total Electronic Systems Military and space Commercial aerospace Industrial Total Structural Systems Military and space Commercial aerospace Total 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2. 
 of the outstanding equity interests of BLR Aerospace, L.L.C. BLR ), a privately-held leading provider of aerodynamic systems that enhance the productivity, performance, and safety of rotary and fixed-wing aircraft on commercial and military platforms. BLR is located in Everett, Washington. The acquisition of BLR added to our strategy to diversify and offer more customized, value-driven engineered products with aftermarket opportunities. 
 The initial purchase price for BLR was million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash, subject to adjustments for working capital. We paid a gross aggregate of million in cash upon the closing of the transaction. Subsequent to the closing of the transaction, during the three months ended September 30, 2023, the working capital was finalized, resulting in an adjustment for a final purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. We allocated the gross purchase price of million to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values of the net assets was recorded as goodwill. 
 Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Current liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price allocation 
 Customer relationships - 
 Trade name 
 The intangible assets acquired of million were determined based on the estimated fair values using valuation techniques consistent with the income approach to measure fair value, which represented Level 3 fair value measurements. The useful lives were estimated based on the underlying agreements or the future economic benefit expected to be received from the assets. The values for technology and trade name were assessed using the relief from royalty methodology, while the value for customer relationships was estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings approach. Inputs to the income approach models and other aspects of the allocation of the purchase price require judgment. The more significant inputs used in the technology intangible asset valuation included (i) future revenues, (ii) the technology decay rate, (iii) the royalty rate, and (iv) the discount rate. The more significant inputs used in the customer relationships intangible asset valuation included (i) future revenues, (ii) the projected earnings before interest, taxes, and amortization EBITA margins, (iii) the customer attrition rates, and (iv) the discount rate. 
 The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition is attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies from the transaction, including complementary products that will enhance our overall product portfolio, opportunities within new markets, and an acquired assembled workforce. All the goodwill was assigned to the Structural Systems segment. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 for each of the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and and million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 BLR s results of operations have been included in our condensed consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition as part of the Structural Systems segment, and its revenues were less than three percent of total company revenues since the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations of the BLR acquisition have not been presented as the effect of the BLR acquisition was not material to our financial results. 

Note 3. 
 million and million million of which was recorded as cost of sales), respectively. Cumulative through the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded aggregate total charges of million million of which was recorded as cost of sales). As of September 28, 2024, we estimate the remaining amount of charges related to this initiative will be million to million in total pre-tax restructuring charges through early 2025 for facility consolidation related expenses. 
 In the Electronics Systems segment, we recorded charges of million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges. We recorded charges of million and million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges and other restructuring charges, respectively. Cumulative through the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded total charges for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges, accelerated depreciation of property and equipment that was classified as restructuring charges, charges for inventory write down that was classified as cost of sales, and other restructuring of million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 In the Structural Systems segment, we recorded million and million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges and other restructuring charges, respectively. We recorded charges of million and million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges and other restructuring charges, respectively. Cumulative through the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded total charges for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges, accelerated depreciation of property and equipment/impairment of property and equipment that was classified as restructuring charges, charges for inventory write down that was classified as cost of sales, and other restructuring of million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 ) Inventory write down ) Other ) Ending balance ) ) 
 The restructuring activities accrual for severance and benefits of million as of September 28, 2024 was included as part of accrued and other liabilities and is expected to be paid out through early 2025. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 

The following table summarizes the fair value and presentation on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for derivative instruments: 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Sheet Location September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Other assets, current Other assets 
 
 ) ) 

The pre-tax deferred gains recorded in other comprehensive income that will mature in the next 12 months total million. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 

Note 6. 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 Balance at September 28, 2024 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 Accrued income tax and sales tax Other Total 

Note 8. 
 Revolving credit facility Total debt Less current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, less current portion Less debt issuance costs - term loan ) ) Total long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs - term loan Debt issuance costs - revolving credit facility (1) 
 Weighted-average interest rate 
 (1) Included as part of other assets. 
 In July 2022, we completed a refinancing of all our existing debt by entering into a new term loan 2022 Term Loan and a new revolving credit facility 2022 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2022 Term Loan is a million senior secured loan that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is a million senior secured revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, collectively, represent our credit facilities 2022 Credit Facilities ). 
 The 2022 Term Loan bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus , and if the Base Rate is less than , it will be deemed plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. Interest payments are typically paid either on a monthly or quarterly basis, depending on the interest rate selected, on the last business day each month or quarter. In addition, the 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of during year one and year two, during year three and year four, and during year five of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Term Loan amount, on the last business day each quarter. The required quarterly amortization payments began in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. Interest payments are typically paid on a monthly or quarterly basis, depending on the interest rate selected, on the last business day each month or quarter. The undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from to , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. However, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility does not require any principal installment payments. 
 In conjunction with the closing of the 2022 Credit Facilities, we utilized the entire million of proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan plus our existing cash on hand to pay off our entire debt balance outstanding of million under our prior credit facilities. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and million, respectively. The required quarterly amortization payment due on September 30, 2024 is in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we made the required amortization payments on the 2022 Term Loan totaling million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had million of unused borrowing capacity under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, after deducting million for standby letters of credit. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants required under the 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 The 2022 Term Loan was considered a modification of debt for some lenders and an extinguishment of debt for other lenders, and thus, a loss of million was recorded related to the extinguishment. In addition, the new fees incurred of million were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Term Loan. Further, the remaining debt issuance costs related to the prior term loans of million as of the modification date will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Term Loan, using the effective interest method. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility that replaced the prior revolving credit facility was considered a modification of debt except for the portion related to the creditor that is no longer a part of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and, in which case, it was considered an extinguishment of debt. As a result, we expensed the portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the prior revolving credit facility that was considered an extinguishment of debt of million. In addition, the new fees incurred of million as part of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. Further, the remaining debt issuance costs related to the prior revolving credit facility of million as of the modification date will also be amortized over the life of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities were entered into by us Parent Company and guaranteed by all of our domestic subsidiaries, other than subsidiaries that were considered minor Subsidiary Guarantors ). The Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee the 2022 Credit Facilities. The Parent Company has no independent assets or operations, and therefore, no consolidating financial information for the Parent Company and its subsidiaries is presented. 
 In April 2023, we completed the acquisition of BLR. The initial purchase price for BLR was million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. We paid a gross aggregate of million in cash upon the closing of the transaction. We utilized the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility to complete the acquisition. See Note 2 for further information. 
 In May 2023, we completed a public offering of our common stock resulting in net proceeds of million. We utilized the net proceeds plus cash on hand to pay down million on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 9 for further information. 
 In November 2021, we entered into derivative contracts, U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR forward interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024, for an aggregate total notional amount of million, weighted average fixed rate of , and all terminating on January 1, 2031 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps mature on a monthly basis, with fixed amount payer payment dates on the first day of each calendar month, commencing on February 1, 2024 through January 1, 2031. The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were deemed to be highly effective upon entering into the derivative contracts, and thus, hedge accounting treatment was utilized. Since the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps (as defined below) were not effective until January 1, 2024, we only recorded the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments that were highly effective and that were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges in other comprehensive income through December 31, 2023. See Note 1 and Note 4 for further information. 
 In July 2022, as a result of completing a refinancing of our existing debt, we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were based on U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and were amended to be based on one month Term SOFR as borrowings using LIBOR were no longer available under the 2022 Credit Facilities. Since this was an amendment of just the reference rate as a result of the cessation of LIBOR, utilizing the guidance under ASU 2020-04, we determined the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps as of the amendment date to continue to be highly effective. The Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps weighted average fixed rate is , as a result of the difference between U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and one month Term SOFR. 

Note 9. 
 million shares of our common stock at per share, for gross proceeds of million. The common stock offering was made under our effective shelf registration statement. We incurred aggregate total out of pocket stock offering related fees of million, resulting in net proceeds of million. As such, we recorded an increase to common stock at par value of less than million with the remaining amount as an increase to additional paid-in capital of million. The net proceeds of the public stock offering along with cash on hand were used to pay down million on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility that was drawn on and utilized to complete the acquisition of BLR. See Note 2 and Note 8 for further information. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Note 10. 

Note 11. 
 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to less than 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and higher income tax expense related to non-deductible book compensation expenses in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in income tax expense was partially offset by higher income tax benefits related to the U.S. Federal research and development credit recognized in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 We recorded income tax expense of million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and higher income tax expense related to non-deductible book compensation expenses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense was partially offset by higher income tax benefits related to the U.S. Federal research and development credit recognized in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Our total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. If recognized, million would affect the effective tax rate. We record interest and penalty charges, if any, related to uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits. The amounts accrued for interest and penalty charges as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were not significant. As a result of statute of limitations set to expire in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million in the next twelve months. 
 We file U.S. Federal and state income tax returns. We are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for tax years after 2019 and by state taxing authorities for tax years after 2018. While we are no longer subject to examination prior to those periods, carryforwards generated prior to those periods may still be adjusted upon examination by the IRS or state taxing authorities if they either have been or will be used in a subsequent period. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Note 12. 
 million during the fourth quarter 2021, which was subject to court approval. Thus, we recorded accrued liabilities of million as of December 31, 2021. During the second quarter of 2022, additional factual information was identified resulting in an increase in the amount of the tentative settlement to million. Therefore, we recorded an additional accrued liabilities of million for a total accrued liabilities amount of million as of the end of the second quarter of 2022 which remained unchanged as of December 31, 2022 as we were awaiting final court approval of this settlement. Subsequent to final court approval and paying of the million in January 2023, during the third quarter of 2023 and upon plaintiff's motion, the court re-opened the settlement agreement to determine whether the class list captured all affected employees. We are appealing this decision and intend to defend our position vigorously. Any amount of additional liability is still undetermined pending the appeal and as such, there is no amount of loss that is probable and reasonably estimable at this time. Thus, additional accrual was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Groundwater 
 Structural Systems has been directed by California environmental agencies to investigate and take corrective action for groundwater contamination at our facilities located in El Mirage and Monrovia, California. Based on currently available information, we have established an accrual for its estimated liability for such investigation and corrective action of million at both September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Waste Disposal 
 Structural Systems also faces liability as a potentially responsible party for hazardous waste disposed at landfills located in Casmalia and West Covina, California. Structural Systems and other companies and government entities have entered into consent decrees with respect to these landfills with the United States Environmental Protection Agency and/or California environmental agencies under which certain investigation, remediation and maintenance activities are being performed. Based on currently available information, we preliminarily estimate that the range of our future liabilities in connection with the landfill located in West Covina, California is between million and million. We have established an accrual for the estimated liability in connection with the West Covina landfill of million as of both September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We anticipate an updated estimate will be available over the next 12 to 24 months however, and will update our accrual for the estimated liability at that time, if needed. Our ultimate liability in connection with these matters will depend upon a number of factors, including changes in existing laws and regulations, the design and cost of construction, operation and maintenance activities related to a final remedy, and the allocation of liability among potentially responsible parties. 
 Guaymas Performance Center Fire 
 In June 2020, a fire severely damaged our performance center in Guaymas, Mexico, which is part of our Structural Systems segment. There were no injuries; however, property and equipment, inventories, and tooling in this leased facility were damaged. Our Guaymas performance center, comprised of buildings with an aggregate total of square feet, was severely damaged. The loss of production from the Guaymas performance center was absorbed by our other existing performance centers; however, we have reestablished our operations and are in the process of certification with various customers and ramping up our manufacturing capabilities in a different leased facility with square feet in Guaymas. A neighboring, non-related manufacturing facility also suffered fire damage during the same time as the fire that severely damaged our Guaymas performance center, and in November 2023, the occupant of the neighboring facility filed suit against us in U.S. District Court for the Central District of California seeking unspecified amounts for damages relating to the fire. In addition, subsequent to the quarter end, we received a subrogation demand from our landlord s insurer, which we are currently evaluating. We intend to defend these matters vigorously and believe we have substantial defenses in relation to these claims. As responsibility for the fire is still undetermined, there is no amount of loss that is probable and reasonably estimable at this time. If we are ultimately deemed to be responsible or partly responsible, it is possible we could incur a loss in excess of our insurance coverage limits, which could be material to our cash flow, liquidity, or financial results. 
 Our insurance covers damage, up to a capped amount, to the facility, equipment, unfinished inventory, and other assets at replacement cost, finished goods inventory at selling price, as well as business interruption, third party property damage, and recovery related expenses caused by the fire, less our per claim deductible. The anticipated insurance recoveries related to 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million of insurance recoveries were also received and recorded as other income during the three months ended July 1, 2023. In addition, the gain contingencies associated with the remaining general insurance recoveries that were received in 2020 of million, but for which recognition was deferred until all the gain contingencies were resolved, were deemed resolved, and thus, recorded as other income during the three months ended July 1, 2023. Cumulatively, as of July 1, 2023, we received insurance recoveries in aggregate total of million, with million for business interruption and million for damages to property and equipment, inventories, and tooling. Further, all insurance recovery amounts received related to this claim have been recognized up to the amount of net book value loss and presented within the same financial statement line item in the condensed consolidated statements of income resulting in no net impact, with the remaining amounts recognized as other income in our condensed consolidated statements of income when the contingencies were deemed resolved. 
 Other Structural Systems Performance Center Fire 
 In April 2023, a fire damaged a relatively small portion of one of our performance centers in our Structural Systems reporting segment. There were no injuries; however, subsequent to the fire, we determined that some property and equipment in this company-owned facility were damaged. Our insurance covers damage, up to a capped amount, to the property and equipment at replacement cost, as well as business interruption and recovery related expenses caused by the fire, less our per claim deductible. There was a loss of production in this damaged portion of the performance center for a short period of time, but the incident did not otherwise result in significant disruption to customer delivery schedules. Production in this damaged portion resumed later that same quarter. As such, during the three months ended July 1, 2023, we wrote off property and equipment with an aggregate total net book value of million. Also during the three months ended July 1, 2023, we received insurance recoveries of million (which was net of our deductible of million) and thus, such insurance recoveries were also presented within the same financial statement line item in the condensed consolidated statements of income resulting in no net impact. The amount of the insurance recoveries received in excess of the loss on operating assets was deemed a contingent gain, and since the gain contingencies were deemed resolved, the million was also recorded as other income during the three months ended July 1, 2023. Finally, during the three months ended December 31, 2023, the insurance claim was deemed final and closed by our insurance company and we received a final payment of million, which was recorded as other income. 
 In the normal course of business, Ducommun and its subsidiaries are defendants in certain other litigation, claims and inquiries, including matters relating to environmental laws. In addition, Ducommun makes various commitments and incurs contingent liabilities in the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters, Ducommun does not presently expect that any sum it may be required to pay in connection with these matters would have a material adverse effect on its condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 strategic businesses, Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is a reportable operating segment. 
 
 Structural Systems Total Net Revenues Segment Operating Income (1) 
 Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Total Operating Income Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate Administration Total Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Capital Expenditures Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate Administration Total Capital Expenditures 
 (1) The results for the three months and nine months ended September 28, 2024 include BLR s results of operations, which have been included in our condensed consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition as part of the Structural Systems segment. See Note 2. 
 (2) Includes costs not allocated to either the Electronic Systems or Structural Systems operating segments. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Structural Systems (1) 
 Corporate Administration (2) 
 Total Assets Goodwill and Intangibles Electronic Systems Structural Systems (1) 
 Total Goodwill and Intangibles 
 of the outstanding equity interests of BLR for an initial purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. We allocated the gross purchase price of million to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values of the net assets was recorded as goodwill. See Note 2. 
 (2) Includes assets not specifically identified to or allocated to either the Electronic Systems or Structural Systems operating segments, including cash and cash equivalents. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 Ducommun Incorporated Ducommun, the Company, we, us or our is a leading global provider of engineering and manufacturing services for high-performance products and high-cost-of failure applications used primarily in the aerospace and defense A D ), industrial, medical and other industries (collectively, Industrial ). We differentiate ourselves as a full-service solution-based provider, offering a wide range of value-added products and services in our primary businesses of electronics, structures and integrated solutions. We operate through two primary business segments: Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is a reportable segment. 
 In its 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, The Boeing Company Boeing indicated that in 2023, global air traffic largely recovered to 2019 levels with domestic travel continuing to be the most robust and international travel has mostly recovered. For 2024, while both major large aircraft manufacturers, Boeing and Airbus SE, have announced either similar or increases in build rates compared to 2023, the ramp up to date has been slower than initially expected and below pre-pandemic levels. In addition, Boeing, one of our largest customers, was notified by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA in early January 2024 that the FAA had initiated an investigation into Boeing s quality control system. This notification was followed by the FAA announcing actions to increase its oversight of Boeing as well as not approving production rate increases or additional production lines for the 737 MAX until it is satisfied that Boeing is in full compliance with required quality control procedures. In July 2024, Boeing also pleaded guilty to conspiracy fraud charges, which may result in additional external oversight on its manufacturing and quality control process. Further, in September 2024, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 voted to initiate a labor strike affecting more than 30,000 Boeing manufacturing employees primarily located in Washington state, and the manufacturing employees, after rejecting the contract offer in October, voted to approve the revised contract offer in November 2024. Since Boeing is one of our largest customers, if Boeing is unable to meet the full compliance of the FAA s required quality control procedures, and/or recover from the impact of the labor strike in the near term, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Third quarter 2024 recap: 
 Net revenues of 201.4 million 
 Net income of 10.1 million, or 5.0 of net revenues, or 0.67 per diluted share 
 Adjusted EBITDA of 31.9 million, or 15.8 of net revenues 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to Third Quarter of 2023 
 The following table sets forth net revenues, selected financial data, the effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share: 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 of Net Revenues September 30, 2023 of Net Revenues September 28, 2024 of Net Revenues September 30, 2023 of Net Revenues Net Revenues 201,412 100.0 196,250 100.0 589,259 100.0 564,761 100.0 Cost of Sales 148,736 73.8 151,648 77.3 438,401 74.4 443,270 78.5 Gross Profit 52,676 26.2 44,602 22.7 150,858 25.6 121,491 21.5 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 35,486 17.6 32,182 16.4 104,498 17.7 88,755 15.7 Restructuring Charges 1,924 1.0 3,811 1.9 4,548 0.8 12,750 2.3 Operating Income 15,266 7.6 8,609 4.4 41,812 7.1 19,986 3.5 Interest Expense (3,829) (1.9) (5,370) (2.7) (11,687) (2.0) (15,324) (2.7) Other Income 7,945 1.4 Income Before Taxes 11,437 5.7 3,239 1.7 30,125 5.1 12,607 2.2 Income Tax Expense 1,289 nm 26 nm 5,404 nm 1,789 nm Net Income 10,148 5.0 3,213 1.6 24,721 4.2 10,818 1.9 Effective Tax Rate 11.3 nm 0.8 nm 17.9 nm 14.2 nm Diluted Earnings Per Share 0.67 nm 0.22 nm 1.65 nm 0.79 nm 
 nm = not meaningful 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenues by End-Use Market and Operating Segment 
 Net revenues by end-use market and operating segment during the fiscal three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, were as follows: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) of Net Revenues (Dollars in thousands) of Net Revenues Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Consolidated Ducommun Military and space 6,596 111,402 104,806 55.3 53.4 11,023 310,869 299,846 52.8 53.1 Commercial aerospace 2,835 84,626 81,791 42.0 41.7 20,811 251,186 230,375 42.6 40.8 Industrial (4,269) 5,384 9,653 2.7 4.9 (7,336) 27,204 34,540 4.6 6.1 Total 5,162 201,412 196,250 100.0 100.0 24,498 589,259 564,761 100.0 100.0 Electronic Systems Military and space 9,853 85,433 75,580 74.0 68.3 7,246 227,925 220,679 70.3 68.2 Commercial aerospace (879) 24,595 25,474 21.3 23.0 1,024 69,262 68,238 21.3 21.1 Industrial (4,269) 5,384 9,653 4.7 8.7 (7,336) 27,204 34,540 8.4 10.7 Total 4,705 115,412 110,707 100.0 100.0 934 324,391 323,457 100.0 100.0 Structural Systems Military and space (3,257) 25,969 29,226 30.2 34.2 3,777 82,944 79,167 31.3 32.8 Commercial aerospace 3,714 60,031 56,317 69.8 65.8 19,787 181,924 162,137 68.7 67.2 Total 457 86,000 85,543 100.0 100.0 23,564 264,868 241,304 100.0 100.0 
 Net revenues for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were 201.4 million, compared to 196.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year increase in our key end-use markets were primarily due to the following: 
 6.6 million higher revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to higher rates on selected radar, electronic warfare, and other military and space platforms, partially offset by lower rates on rotary-wing and fixed-wing aircraft platforms; and 
 2.8 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to growth in Airbus and selected business aircraft platforms, partially offset by lower revenues from the Boeing 737 MAX and in-flight entertainment. 
 In addition, revenues for our industrial end-use markets for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 4.3 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 mainly due to our selectively pruning non-core business. 
 Net revenues for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were 589.3 million, compared to 564.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year increase in our key end-use markets were primarily due to the following: 
 20.8 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to growth in Airbus, customer required buffer stock build for the Monrovia performance center closure, higher rates on rotary-wing platforms, and growth in selected business aircraft platforms, partially offset by lower revenues from in-flight entertainment and other commercial aerospace platforms; and 
 11.0 million higher revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to higher rates on selected radar, electronic warfare, naval and submarine, and other military and space platforms, partially offset by lower rates on fixed-wing aircraft platforms. 
 In addition, revenues for our industrial end-use markets for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 7.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 mainly due to our selectively pruning non-core business. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenues by Major Customers 
 A significant portion of our net revenues are from our top ten customers as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Boeing Company 5.1 8.8 8.0 8.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 5.1 3.7 5.2 4.1 Northrop Grumman Corporation 8.8 4.3 6.3 5.3 RTX Corporation 20.6 16.4 17.3 15.7 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. 5.7 5.9 6.1 6.2 Viasat, Inc. 2.8 5.8 3.3 5.4 Total top ten customers (1) 
 64.0 58.0 58.9 57.5 
 (1) Includes The Boeing Company Boeing ), Lockheed Martin Corporation Lockheed ), Northrop Grumman Corporation Northrop ), RTX Corporation RTX ), Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Spirit ), and Viasat, Inc. Viasat for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Boeing, Lockheed, Northrop, RTX, Spirit, and Viasat represented the following percentages of total accounts receivable: September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Boeing 12.9 7.5 Lockheed 3.5 1.3 Northrop 2.9 2.5 RTX 12.8 16.4 Spirit 3.3 4.2 Viasat 4.7 8.3 
 The net revenues and accounts receivable from Boeing, Lockheed, Northrop, RTX, Spirit, and Viasat are diversified over a number of commercial, military and space programs and were generated by both operating segments. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit consists of net revenues less cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the cost of production of finished products and other expenses related to inventory management, manufacturing quality, and order fulfillment. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased year-over-year with the three months ended September 28, 2024 of 26.2 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 22.7 primarily due to favorable product mix and higher manufacturing volume, partially offset by higher other manufacturing costs. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased year-over-year with the nine months ended September 28, 2024 of 25.6 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 21.5 primarily due to higher manufacturing volume and favorable product mix, partially offset by higher other manufacturing costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 SG A expenses increased 3.3 million year-over-year in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher various other SG A expenses of 1.5 million, higher professional services fees of 1.3 million, of which 1.0 million was related to the unsolicited non-binding offer to acquire all common stock outstanding of Ducommun Incorporated, and higher compensation and benefits expense of 0.6 million. 
 SG A expenses increased 15.7 million year-over-year in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to BLR SG A expenses of 6.8 million which did not exist until the acquisition of BLR was completed at the end of April 2023, higher compensation and benefits expense of 3.8 million, and higher professional services fees of 3.5 million, of which 2.4 million was related to the unsolicited non-binding offer to acquire all common stock outstanding of Ducommun Incorporated. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring Charges 
 Restructuring charges decreased 2.1 million and 7.5 million (including 0.9 million recorded as cost of sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024) year-over-year in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (including 0.2 million recorded as cost of sales in each period), respectively, primarily due to the winding down of the previously disclosed restructuring plan that was approved and commenced in April 2022. See Note 3 for further information. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased 1.5 million and 3.6 million year-over-year in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to the interest rate swaps that became effective as of January 1, 2024, along with a lower debt balance. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 We recorded income tax expense of 1.3 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to less than 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and higher income tax expense related to non-deductible book compensation expenses in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in income tax expense was partially offset by higher income tax benefits related to the U.S. Federal research and development credit recognized in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 We recorded income tax expense of 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and higher income tax expense related to non-deductible book compensation expenses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense was partially offset by higher income tax benefits related to the U.S. Federal research and development credit recognized in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Our total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was 5.1 million and 4.5 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. If recognized, 3.3 million would affect the effective tax rate. We record interest and penalty charges, if any, related to uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits. The amounts accrued for interest and penalty charges as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were not significant. As a result of statute of limitations set to expire in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 1.0 million in the next twelve months. 
 We file U.S. Federal and state income tax returns. We are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for tax years after 2019 and by state taxing authorities for tax years after 2018. While we are no longer subject to examination prior to those periods, carryforwards generated prior to those periods may still be adjusted upon examination by the IRS or state taxing authorities if they either have been or will be used in a subsequent period. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 
 Net Income and Earnings per Share 
 Net income and earnings per share for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were 10.1 million, or 5.0 of revenues, or 0.67 per diluted share, compared to 3.2 million, or 1.6 of revenues, or 0.22 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to higher gross profit of 8.1 million and lower restructuring charges of 2.1 million (including 0.2 million recorded as cost of sales in the prior year period), partially offset by higher SG A expenses of 3.3 million. A portion of the higher SG A expenses were due to the unsolicited non-binding offer to acquire all common stock outstanding of Ducommun Incorporated. 
 Net income and earnings per share for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were 24.7 million, or 4.2 of revenues, or 1.65 per diluted share, compared to 10.8 million, or 1.9 of revenues, or 0.79 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to higher gross profit of 29.4 million and lower restructuring charges of 7.5 million (including 0.9 million and 0.2 million recorded as cost of sales in each period, respectively), partially offset by higher SG A expenses of 15.7 million and lower other income of 7.9 million. A portion of the higher SG A expenses were due to BLR SG A expenses of 6.8 million which did not exist until the end of April 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Business Segment Performance 
 We report our financial performance based upon the two reportable operating segments: Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. The results of operations differ between our reportable operating segments due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. The following table summarizes our business segment performance for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) of Net Revenues (Dollars in thousands) of Net Revenues Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Revenues Electronic Systems 4.2 115,412 110,707 57.3 56.4 0.3 324,391 323,457 55.1 57.3 Structural Systems 0.5 86,000 85,543 42.7 43.6 9.8 264,868 241,304 44.9 42.7 Total Net Revenues 2.6 201,412 196,250 100.0 100.0 4.3 589,259 564,761 100.0 100.0 Segment Operating Income Electronic Systems 18,910 12,710 16.4 11.5 54,685 32,249 16.9 10.0 Structural Systems 8,289 6,743 9.6 7.9 21,716 16,873 8.2 7.0 27,199 19,453 76,401 49,122 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (1) 
 (11,933) (10,844) (5.9) (5.5) (34,589) (29,136) (5.9) (5.2) Total Operating Income 15,266 8,609 7.6 4.4 41,812 19,986 7.1 3.5 Adjusted EBITDA Electronic Systems Operating Income 18,910 12,710 54,685 32,249 Other Income 222 Depreciation and Amortization 3,575 3,567 10,869 10,626 Stock-Based Compensation Expense (2) 
 70 124 241 348 Restructuring Charges 91 1,794 562 5,739 22,646 18,195 19.6 16.4 66,357 49,184 20.5 15.2 Structural Systems Operating Income 8,289 6,743 21,716 16,873 Depreciation and Amortization 4,849 4,852 14,058 13,619 Stock-Based Compensation Expense (3) 
 105 97 261 280 Restructuring Charges 1,833 2,205 4,843 7,113 Guaymas Fire Related Expenses 548 3,896 Other Fire Related Expenses 477 Inventory Purchase Accounting Adjustments 663 2,041 1,745 2,807 15,739 16,486 18.3 19.3 42,623 45,065 16.1 18.7 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (1) 
 Operating Loss (11,933) (10,844) (34,589) (29,136) Depreciation and Amortization 107 59 202 176 Stock-Based Compensation Expense (4) 
 4,292 5,431 12,251 13,141 Restructuring Charges 86 Professional Fees Related to Unsolicited Non-Binding Acquisition Offer 1,033 2,407 (6,501) (5,354) (19,729) (15,733) Adjusted EBITDA 31,884 29,327 15.8 14.9 89,251 78,516 15.1 13.9 Capital Expenditures Electronic Systems 1,011 978 2,950 4,752 Structural Systems 1,295 3,802 4,172 11,043 Corporate Administration 3,024 Total Capital Expenditures 2,306 4,780 10,146 15,795 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Includes costs not allocated to either the Electronic Systems or Structural Systems operating segments. 
 (2) The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 each included 0.1 million of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included less than 0.1 million and 0.1 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. 
 (3) The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. 
 (4) The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 0.9 million and 2.8 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for awards with both performance and market conditions that will be settled in cash. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 1.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for awards with both performance and market conditions that will be settled in cash. 
 Electronic Systems 
 Electronic Systems net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 4.7 million primarily due to the following in our key end-use markets: 
 9.9 million higher revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to higher rates on select radar, electronic warfare, and other military and space platforms, partially offset by lower rates on fixed-wing aircraft platforms; partially offset by 
 0.9 million lower revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to lower in-flight entertainment revenues and lower rates on other commercial aerospace platforms, partially offset by higher rates on regional and business aircraft and selected single-aisle and twin-aisle aircraft platforms. 
 In addition, revenues for our industrial end-use markets for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 4.3 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 mainly due to our selectively pruning non-core business. 
 Electronic Systems net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 0.9 million primarily due to the following in our key end-use markets: 
 7.2 million higher revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to higher rates on select radar, electronic warfare, naval and submarine, and other military and space platforms, partially offset by lower rates on fixed-wing aircraft platforms; and 
 1.0 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to higher rates on selected single-aisle and twin-aisle aircraft and growth in regional and business aircraft platforms, partially offset by lower revenues from in-flight entertainment. 
 In addition, revenues for our industrial end-use markets for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 7.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 mainly due to our selectively pruning non-core business. 
 Electronic Systems segment operating income in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 6.2 million primarily due to favorable product mix, higher manufacturing volume, and lower restructuring charges, partially offset by higher other manufacturing costs. 
 Electronic Systems segment operating income in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 22.4 million primarily due to favorable product mix, higher manufacturing volume, and lower restructuring charges, partially offset by higher other manufacturing costs. 
 Structural Systems 
 Structural Systems net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 0.5 million primarily due to the following: 
 3.7 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to growth in Airbus and selected business jet platforms; partially offset by 
 3.3 million lower revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to lower rates on rotary-wing aircraft and other military and space platforms, partially offset by higher rates on fixed-wing aircraft platforms. 
 Structural Systems net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 23.6 million primarily due to the following: 
 19.8 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to higher growth in Airbus, customer required buffer stock build for the Monrovia performance center closure, rotary-wing aircraft, and growth in selected business jet 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 platforms, partially offset by lower rates on other commercial aerospace platforms; and 
 3.8 million higher revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to higher rates on fixed-wing aircraft platforms, partially offset by lower rates on select missile platforms. 
 The Structural Systems segment operating income in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 1.5 million primarily due to favorable product mix and lower inventory purchase accounting adjustments. 
 The Structural Systems segment operating income in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 4.8 million primarily due to higher manufacturing volume, favorable product mix, lower Guaymas fire related expenses, and lower restructuring charges, partially offset by higher costs associated with the wind down of our Monrovia performance center. 
 In April 2023, we acquired 100.0 of BLR Aerospace L.L.C. BLR ). The initial purchase price for BLR was 115.0 million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. We paid a gross aggregate of 117.0 million in cash upon the closing of the transaction. BLR s results of operations have been included in our condensed consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition and is a part of the Structural Systems segment. See Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 In June 2020, a fire severely damaged our performance center in Guaymas, Mexico. We have insurance coverage and up to a capped amount, expect these items will be covered, less our deductible. The full financial impact cannot be estimated at this time as we are currently working with our insurance carriers to determine the cause of the fire. The loss of production from the Guaymas performance center was absorbed by our other existing performance centers; however, we have reestablished and are in the process of certification with various customers and ramping up our manufacturing capabilities in a different leased facility in Guaymas. A neighboring, non-related manufacturing facility also suffered fire damage during the same time as the fire that severely damaged our Guaymas performance center. In addition, subsequent to the quarter end, we received a subrogation demand from our landlord s insurer, which we are currently evaluating. As responsibility for the fire is still undetermined, there is no amount of loss that is probable and reasonably estimable at this time. If we are ultimately deemed to be responsible or partly responsible, it is possible we could incur a loss in excess of our insurance coverage limits, which could be material to our cash flow, liquidity, or financial results. See Note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 In April 2023, a fire damaged a relatively small portion of one of our performance centers in our Structural Systems reporting segment. Our insurance covers damage, up to a capped amount, to the property and equipment at replacement cost, as well as business interruption and recovery related expenses caused by the fire, less our per claim deductible. There was a loss of production in this damaged portion of the performance center for a short period of time, but the incident did not otherwise result in significant disruption to customer delivery schedules. Production in this damaged portion resumed during the three months ended July 1, 2023. See Note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 Corporate General and Administrative CG A Expenses 
 CG A expenses increased 1.1 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher professional services fees of 1.2 million, of which 1.0 million was related to the unsolicited non-binding offer to acquire all common stock outstanding of Ducommun Incorporated. 
 CG A expenses increased 5.5 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher professional services fees of 3.3 million, of which 2.4 million was related to the unsolicited non-binding offer to acquire all common stock outstanding of Ducommun Incorporated, and higher compensation and benefits expense of 0.8 million. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, professional fees related to unsolicited non-binding acquisition offer, Guaymas fire related expenses, insurance recoveries related to loss on operating assets, and inventory purchase accounting adjustments Adjusted EBITDA were 31.9 million and 29.3 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 When viewed with our financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and accompanying reconciliations, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides additional useful information that clarifies and enhances the understanding of the factors and trends affecting our past performance and future prospects. We define this measure, explain how it is calculated and provide a reconciliation of this measure to the most comparable GAAP measure in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ), are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities as measures of our liquidity. The presentation of these measures should not be interpreted to mean that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP operating performance measure internally as a complementary financial measure to evaluate the performance and trends of our businesses. We present Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as applicable, because we believe that measures such as these provide useful information with respect to our ability to meet our operating commitments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include: 
 It does not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 It does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 It does not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
 It is not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows; 
 It does not reflect the impact on earnings of charges resulting from matters unrelated to our ongoing operations; and 
 Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 As a result of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. See our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-Q. 
 Even with the limitations above, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our results of operations as this measure: 
 Is widely used by investors to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such terms, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired, among other factors; 
 Helps investors to evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our capital structure from our operating performance; and 
 Is used by our management team for various other purposes in presentations to our Board of Directors as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 
 The following financial items have been added back to or subtracted from our net income when calculating Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Interest expense may be useful to investors for determining current cash flow; 
 Income tax expense may be useful to investors because it represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred taxes during the period, and may reduce cash flow available for use in our business; 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation may be useful to investors because it generally represents the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations; 
 Amortization expense may be useful to investors because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base and the diminishing value of product rights; 
 Stock-based compensation may be useful to our investors for determining current cash flow; 
 Restructuring charges may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Professional fees related to unsolicited non-binding acquisition offer may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Guaymas fire related expenses may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Other fire related expenses may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Insurance recoveries related to loss on operating assets (property and equipment, inventories, and other assets) may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Insurance recoveries related to business interruption may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; and 
 Purchase accounting inventory step-ups may be useful to our investors as they do not necessarily reflect the current or on-going cash charges related to our core operating performance. 
 Reconciliations of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenues were as follows: 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) (Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income 10,148 3,213 24,721 10,818 Interest expense 3,829 5,370 11,687 15,324 Income tax expense 1,289 26 5,404 1,789 Depreciation 4,285 4,020 12,339 11,692 Amortization 4,246 4,458 12,790 12,729 Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 4,467 5,652 12,753 13,769 Restructuring charges (2) 
 1,924 3,999 5,405 12,938 Professional fees related to unsolicited non-binding acquisition offer 1,033 2,407 Guaymas fire related expenses 548 3,896 Other fire related expenses 477 Insurance recoveries related to loss on operating assets (5,563) Insurance recoveries related to business interruption (2,160) Inventory purchase accounting adjustments 663 2,041 1,745 2,807 Adjusted EBITDA 31,884 29,327 89,251 78,516 Net income as a of net revenues 5.0 1.6 4.2 1.9 Adjusted EBITDA as a of net revenues 15.8 14.9 15.1 13.9 
 (1) The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 0.9 million and 2.8 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for awards with both performance and market conditions that will be settled in cash. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 1.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for awards with both performance and market conditions that will be settled in cash. The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense recorded as cost of sales. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 (2) The three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included zero and 0.9 million, respectively, of restructuring charges that were recorded as cost of sales. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 each included 0.2 million of restructuring charges that were recorded as cost of sales. 
 Backlog 
 We define backlog as customer placed purchase orders POs and long-term agreements LTAs with firm fixed price and expected delivery dates of 24 months or less. The majority of the LTAs do not meet the definition of a contract under ASC 606, and thus, the backlog amount disclosed below is greater than the remaining performance obligations amount disclosed in Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. Backlog is subject to delivery delays or program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Backlog is affected by timing differences in the placement of customer orders and tends to be concentrated in several programs to a greater extent than our net revenues. Backlog in industrial markets tends to be of a shorter duration and is generally fulfilled within a three month period. As a result of these factors, trends in our overall level of backlog may not be indicative of trends in our future net revenues. 
 The increase in backlog was primarily in the military and space end-use markets, partially offset by a decrease in industrial end-use markets. 690.0 million of total backlog is expected to be delivered over the next 12 months. The following table summarizes our backlog as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Consolidated Ducommun Military and space 64,499 591,642 527,143 Commercial aerospace 1,249 430,743 429,494 Industrial (15,403) 21,528 36,931 Total 50,345 1,043,913 993,568 Electronic Systems Military and space 62,089 459,770 397,681 Commercial aerospace (7,589) 80,405 87,994 Industrial (15,403) 21,528 36,931 Total 39,097 561,703 522,606 Structural Systems Military and space 2,410 131,872 129,462 Commercial aerospace 8,838 350,338 341,500 Total 11,248 482,210 470,962 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Available Liquidity 
 Total debt, the weighted-average interest rate, cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities were as follows: (Dollars in millions) September 28, December 31, 2024 2023 Total debt, including long-term portion 257.9 266.0 Weighted-average interest rate on debt 7.35 7.53 Term Loan interest rate 7.12 6.93 Cash and cash equivalents 37.3 42.9 Unused Revolving Credit Facility 181.0 176.0 
 In July 2022, we completed a refinancing of all our existing debt by entering into a new term loan 2022 Term Loan and a new revolving credit facility 2022 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2022 Term Loan is a 250.0 million senior secured loan that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is a 200.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, collectively, represent our new credit facilities 2022 Credit Facilities ). In conjunction with the closing of the 2022 Credit Facilities, we utilized the entire 250.0 million of proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan plus our existing cash on hand to pay off our entire debt balance outstanding of 254.2 million under our prior credit facilities. At the same leverage ratio, the interest rate spread in the 2022 Credit Facilities is lower than the interest rate spread under our prior credit facilities. Interest payments are typically paid either on a monthly or quarterly basis, depending on the interest rate selected, on the last business day each month or quarter. In addition, the 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.625 during year one and year two, 1.250 during year three and year four, and 1.875 during year five of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Term Loan amount, on the last business day each quarter. Further, the undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.175 to 0.275 , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. However, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility does not require any principal installment payments. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants required under the 2022 Credit Facilities. See Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 For each of the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we made the required quarterly amortization payments on the 2022 Term Loan of zero and 1.6 million, respectively. The required quarterly amortization payment due on September 30, 2024 is in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we made the required amortization payments on the 2022 Term Loan of 3.1 million and 4.7 million, respectively. We made no voluntary prepayments on our term loans during each of the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 In April 2022, management approved and commenced a restructuring plan that will position us for stronger performance. The restructuring plan will mainly reduce headcount and consolidate facilities. As a result of this restructuring plan, we analyzed the need to write-down inventory and impair long-lived assets, including operating lease right-of-use assets. As of September 28, 2024, we estimate the remaining amount of charges related to this initiative will be 2.0 million to 3.0 million in total pre-tax restructuring charges through early 2025 for facility consolidation related expenses. The restructuring accrual for severance and benefits of 3.4 million as of September 28, 2024 are expected to be paid out through early 2025. On an annualized basis, we anticipate these restructuring actions will result in total cost savings of 11.0 million to 13.0 million. See Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 In November 2021, we entered into derivative contracts, U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR forward interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024, for an aggregate total notional amount of 150.0 million, weighted average fixed rate of 1.8 , and all terminating on January 1, 2031 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps mature on a monthly basis, with fixed amount payer payment dates on the first day of each calendar month, commencing on February 1, 2024 through January 1, 2031. See Note 1, Note 4, and Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 In July 2022, as a result of completing a refinancing of our existing debt, we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were based on U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and were amended to be based on one month Term SOFR as borrowings using LIBOR are no longer available under the 2022 Credit Facilities. The Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps weighted average fixed rate is 1.7 , as a result of the difference between U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and one month Term SOFR. See Note 1, Note 4, and Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 In April 2023, we completed the acquisition of BLR. The initial purchase price for BLR was 115.0 million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. We paid a gross aggregate of 117.0 million in cash upon the closing of the transaction. We utilized the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility to complete the acquisition. See Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 In May 2023, we completed a public offering of our common stock resulting in net proceeds of 85.1 million. The net proceeds of the public stock offering along with cash on hand were used to pay down 85.2 million on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility that was drawn on and utilized to complete the acquisition of BLR. See Note 2, Note 8, and Note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
 We expect to spend a total of 15.0 million to 18.0 million for capital expenditures in 2024 financed by cash generated from operations, principally to support new contract awards in Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. As part of our strategic plan to become a supplier of higher-level assemblies and win new contract awards, additional up-front investment in tooling will be required for newer programs which have higher engineering content and higher levels of complexity in assemblies. 
 We believe the ongoing aerospace and defense subcontractor consolidation makes acquisitions an increasingly important component of our future growth. We will continue to make prudent acquisitions and capital expenditures for manufacturing equipment and facilities to support long-term contracts for commercial and military aircraft and defense programs. 
 We monitor our asset base, including the market dynamics of the properties we own, and we may sell such properties and/or enter into sale-leaseback transactions. Such transactions would provide cash for various capital deployment options. 
 We continue to depend on operating cash flow and the availability of our 2022 Credit Facilities to provide short-term liquidity. Cash generated from operations and bank borrowing capacity is expected to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations during the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 15.8 million, compared to 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The higher net cash provided by operating activities during the first nine months of 2024 was mainly due to higher net income, lower inventories, and higher accounts payable, partially offset by higher contract assets, lower contract liabilities, and higher accounts receivable. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 10.3 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 130.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The lower net cash used in investing activities during the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior year period was mainly due to no acquisitions in the first nine months of 2024 and lower purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 11.1 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to a net cash provided by financing activities of 106.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The higher net cash used in financing activities during the first nine months of 2024 was mainly due to the issuance of common stock in a public offering in the first nine months of 2023 that did not recur in 2024 and lower net borrowings in the first nine months of 2024. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist of operating and finance leases not recorded as a result of the practical expedients utilized, right of offset of industrial revenue bonds and associated failed sales-leasebacks on property and equipment, and indemnities, none of which we believe may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, liquidity, capital resources, or results of operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires estimation and judgment that affect the reported amounts of net revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. For a description of our critical accounting policies, please refer to Critical Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes in any of our critical accounting policies during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Part I, Item 1. Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements for further information. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our main market risk exposure relates to changes in U.S. interest rates on our outstanding long-term debt. At September 28, 2024, we had total borrowings of 257.9 million under our 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 The 2022 Term Loan bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.375 to 2.375 per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.375 to 1.375 per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.375 to 2.375 per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.375 to 1.375 per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the interest rate would have an immaterial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s chief executive officer CEO and chief financial officer CFO have conducted an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 28, 2024. The Company had previously reported a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to not designing and maintaining effective controls over the accuracy of contract terms and the reasonableness of gross margin assumptions used to recognize revenue. Specifically, the Company did not verify that amendments to purchase orders and gross margin percentage assumptions used in the Company s revenue recognition analysis were properly reviewed at a sufficient level of precision, which was described in Item 9A in the Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As a result of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which was not remediated as of September 28, 2024, the CEO and CFO concluded the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 28, 2024. 
 Remediation of Material Weakness 
 We have implemented remediation steps to address the material weakness described above to improve our internal control over verification of amendments to purchase orders and the gross margin percentage assumptions used to recognize revenue. 
 Actions taken: 
 We have redesigned our existing controls to expand the selection criteria for contracts requiring an estimate at completion EAC analysis to support the gross margin percentage used for revenue recognition. 
 We have increased the rigor and review of the EAC process, including standardization of the analysis and related documentation and verification of the contract value utilized to the underlying customer purchase order. 
 We have implemented additional analytical procedures to ensure the accuracy of gross margin assumptions. 
 While significant progress has been made to enhance our internal control over financial reporting relating to the material weakness, additional time will be required to assess and ensure the sustainability of these processes and procedures. We anticipate completing the assessment and ensure sustainability of these processes and procedures either during 2024 or 2025; however, we cannot make any assurances that such actions will be completed during this timeframe. Until the remediation steps set forth above are fully implemented and concluded to be operating effectively, the material weakness described above will continue to exist. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as otherwise discussed above under Remediation of Material Weakness, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a description of our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 See Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our risk factors. Other than the risk factor below, there have been no material changes during the three months ended September 28, 2024 to the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 No. Description 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 29, 1990. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 27, 1998. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ducommun Incorporated, dated as of November 5, 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2024. 
 10.1 Ducommun Incorporated Retirement Policy effective as of August 6, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document with Embedded Linkbase Documents - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ___________________ 
 Indicates an executive compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Suman B. Mookerji Suman B. Mookerji Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

43 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit10_1xdcoretirementp.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 As of August 6, 2024 
 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED 
 RETIREMENT POLICY 
 Ducommun Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company has adopted the Ducommun Incorporated Retirement Policy (the Policy for the benefit of eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, on the terms and conditions hereafter stated, effective as of the Effective Date. 
 1. Definitions . 
 (a) Annual Incentive Plan means the Ducommun Incorporated Annual Incentive Plan in effect at the time of such Participant s Retirement. 
 (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (c) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (d) Company Group means the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 (e) Effective Date means August 6, 2024. 
 (f) Eligible Employee means each executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Company Group. Eligible Employees shall, in no event, include (i) independent contractors, (ii) temporary employees and (iii) individuals treated other than as employees for federal income and employment tax purposes at the time such individual performs services. 
 (g) Equity Incentive Plans means, collectively, (i) the Ducommun Incorporated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of May 2, 2018 and (ii) the Ducommun Incorporated Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of April 20, 2022 and (iii) the Ducommun Incorporated 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of April 24, 2024. 
 (h) NQDC Plan means the Ducommun Incorporated Non Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of November 26, 2019. 
 (i) Participant means an Eligible Employee who is designated as a Participant by the Board or the Committee, subject to the requirements of Section 2 . For purposes hereof, the Board or the Committee shall be permitted to designate groups of Eligible Employees by job title as Participants without the need to identify any individual Participant by name. 
 (j) Retirement means the Participant s voluntary resignation of employment with the Company Group upon the earlier of (i) the date the Participant reaches age 65 or (ii) the date the Participant reaches age 60, with at least five years of continuous service with the Company Group. 
 (k) Severance Arrangements means any plans, policies, guidelines, arrangements, agreements, letters and or other communication, whether formal or informal, written or oral sponsored or maintained by the Company Group and or entered into by any representative of the Company Group that provides severance benefits to a Participant. 
 
 1 

2. Eligibility . Except as otherwise provided herein, each Participant is eligible under the Policy if such Participant 
 (a) remains in the employ of the Company Group through the date of Retirement and 
 (b) fulfills the normal responsibilities of such Participant s position, including, but not limited to, meeting regular attendance, specific transitional activities, workload and other standards of the Company Group in effect from time to time. 
 3. Applicability of the Policy . In the event that a Participant s employment with the Company Group is terminated due to the Participant s Retirement, the Participant shall be eligible for the applicable Retirement treatment of any payments or benefits provided to such Participant in connection with such Participant s Retirement under the following arrangements of the Company Group 
 (a) Annual Incentive Plan 
 (b) Equity Incentive Plans 
 (c) NQDC Plan and 
 (d) Any other plans, programs, policies, agreements or arrangements of the Company Group, as determined by the Board or Committee, including any Severance Arrangements. 
 4. Termination or Amendment of the Policy . The Policy may be amended, terminated or discontinued in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the discretion of the Board or the Committee. 
 5. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing contained in the Policy shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of any member of the Company Group nor interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate his or her employment, with or without cause. 
 (b) Discretion of the Company Group, Board and Committee . Any decision made or action taken by, or inaction of, the Company Group, the Board or the Committee arising out of or in connection with the creation, amendment, construction, administration, interpretation and effect of the Policy that is within its authority hereunder or applicable law shall be within the absolute discretion of such entity and shall be conclusive and binding upon all Participants. 
 (c) No Duplication . In no event shall any Participant receive additional severance benefits pursuant to the Policy in addition to severance benefits provided for under any Severance Arrangement. 
 (d) Captions . Captions and headings are given to the sections and subsections of the Policy solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such captions and headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Policy or any provision thereof. 
 (e) Successors . The Policy shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors. 
 
 2 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 dco-q3202410xqex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Stephen G. Oswald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the registrant on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f), and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 dco-q3202410xqxex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Suman B. Mookerji, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the registrant on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Suman B. Mookerji Suman B. Mookerji Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 dco-q3202410xqxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen G. Oswald, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. By s Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Suman B. Mookerji, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. By s Suman B. Mookerji Suman B. Mookerji Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer November 7, 2024 

The foregoing certification is accompanying the Form 10-Q solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dco-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dco-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dco-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dco-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dco-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

