<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1439264_0001683168-24-007841.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4895034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118239</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>999780</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1208197</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1088312</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1357640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007841.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112074940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007841
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marvion Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439264
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				262723015
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53612
		FILM NUMBER:		241443400

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37/F, SINGAPORE LAND TOWER
		STREET 2:		50 RAFFLES PLACE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			048623
		BUSINESS PHONE:		65 6829 7029

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37/F, SINGAPORE LAND TOWER
		STREET 2:		50 RAFFLES PLACE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			048623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bonanza Goldfields Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bonanza Goldfield Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007841.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 marvion_i10q-93024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

MARVION INC. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ - 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

As of October 25, 2024, the
Company had outstanding shares of common stock. 

MARVION INC. 

 QUARTERLY REPORT 

 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 10 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 10 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 11 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 12 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 13 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

2 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENTS 

We are not a Hong Kong operating
company but a Nevada holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Our investors hold shares of common stock in Marvion Inc., the Nevada holding company. This structure presents unique risks as our investors
may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiary and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to
finance our cash flow needs. Our ability to obtain contributions from our subsidiaries are significantly affected by regulations promulgated
by Hong Kong and Singaporean authorities. Any change in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new
rules and regulations may materially affect our operations and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities
to significantly decline or become worthless. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure,
please refer to Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong . set forth in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 16, 2024 (the Annual
Report ). 

Marvion Inc. and our Hong
Kong subsidiaries are not required to obtain permission or approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, the Cybersecurity
Administration Committee, or CAC, or any other Chinese authorities to operate our business or to issue securities to foreign investors.
However, in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the People s Republic of China the PRC government,
such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese
companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject to the risks of
uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that we inadvertently conclude that such approvals
are not required, that applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approvals in the future,
or that the PRC government could disallow our holding company structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations,
including our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and
offer or continue to offer securities to our investors. These adverse actions could cause the value of our common stock to significantly
decline or become worthless. We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CSRC,
if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities
to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which would likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline
or become worthless. 

There are prominent legal
and operational risks associated with our operations being in Hong Kong. For example, as a U.S.-listed Hong Kong public company,
we may face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value
of our common stock. It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. We are subject to risks arising from the legal system
in China where there are risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws including where the Chinese government can change the
rules and regulations in China and Hong Kong, including the enforcement and interpretation thereof, at any time with little to no advance
notice and can intervene at any time with little to no advance notice. Changes in Chinese internal regulatory mandates, such as the M A
rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and Data Security Law, may target the Company s corporate structure and impact our ability to conduct
business in Hong Kong, accept foreign investments, or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. By way of example, the PRC government
initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable
interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity
Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information
infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security.
On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any
 data processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject
to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant
activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen,
leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important
data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad.
The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must
now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information
could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate
the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. On January 4, 2022, the CAC, in conjunction with 12 other government departments,
issued the New Measures for Cybersecurity Review (the New Measures ). The New Measures amends the Draft Measures released
on July 10, 2021 and became effective on February 15, 2022. 

3 

The business of our subsidiaries
are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, given that: (i) we do not have one million individual
online users of our products and services in Hong Kong; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business
operations. In addition, we are not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level
of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement
any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than Renminbi RMB 400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations, the ability to accept
foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, since these statements and regulatory actions
are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new
laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact
such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list
our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. For a detailed description of the risks the Company is facing and the offering associated
with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong . 
set forth in the Annual Report. 

The recent joint
statement by the SEC and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), and the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act HFCAA all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies
upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. Trading in
our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our
auditor, and that as a result, an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the
Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required
for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be
prohibited from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules to
implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect or
investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in
mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and is subject to PCAOB s inspection. It is not
subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, in the event the Malaysian authorities
subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to change our auditor to avoid having
our securities delisted. Furthermore, due to the recent developments in connection with the implementation of the HFCAA, we cannot
assure you whether the SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after
considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and
training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The
requirement in the HFCAA that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years,
may result in the delisting of our securities from applicable trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to
inspect our accounting firm at such future time. Please see Risk Factors - The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm
within three years. This three-year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act is enacted. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S.
securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S.
securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the
SEC and delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. set forth in the Annual Report. 

In addition to the foregoing
risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong as summarized below and
in Risk Factors Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Please see Risk Factors -We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the profitability of such business. and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. set forth in the Annual Report. 

4 

We are a holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and Singapore. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy our stock if you expect dividends. Please see Risk Factor s- Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. set forth in the Annual Report. 

There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. We rely on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we may incur. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders . Please see Risk Factors - Our Hong Kong subsidiary may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiari es , which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. and Transfers of Cash to and from our Subsidiaries set forth in the Annual Report. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. Please see Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. set forth in the Annual Report. 

In light of China s extension of its authority into Hong Kong, the Chinese government can change Hong Kong s rules and regulations at any time with little or no advance notice, and can intervene and influence our operations and business activities in Hong Kong. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, if our subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future, or we erroneously conclude that approvals were not required, or we were denied permission from Chinese authorities to operate or to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on a U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock would likely significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. There is a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities. Further, any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers would likely significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Please see Risk Factors -We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the Hong Kong and the profitability of such business . and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in the PRC and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition . and The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers over time and if our PRC subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. set forth in the Annual Report. 

5 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. Please see Risk Factors - The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers over time and if our PRC subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors . set forth in the Annual Report. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC EIT Law ), we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. Please see Risk Factors - Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong subsidiary, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. Please see Risk Factors - Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. set forth in the Annual Report. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. Please see Risk Factors - We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. set forth in the Annual Report. 

We are organized under the laws of the State of Nevada as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong, Singapore and the British Virgin Islands. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in Hong Kong against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. Please see Risk Factors - Substantially all of our assets and a majority of our officers and directors are located in Hong Kong. The balance of our directors and officers are located in Singapore. As a result, it may be difficult for stockholders to enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us, our officers or directors, which may limit the remedies otherwise available to our stockholders . set forth in the Annual Report. 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Please see Risk Factors - Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations . set forth in the Annual Report. 

References in this registration statement to
the Company, MVNC, we, us and our refer to Marvion Inc., a Nevada
company and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Where reference to a specific entity is required, the name of such specific
entity will be referenced. 

6 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Marvion Inc. is a Nevada
holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong primarily through our subsidiaries in Hong Kong
and Singapore. We may rely on dividends or other transfers of cash or assets to be made by our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries to
fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders,
to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. If our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries incur debt on their own
behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us.
To date, our subsidiaries have not made any transfers, dividends or distributions of cash flows or other assets to Marvion Inc. and Marvion
Inc. has not made any transfers, dividends or distributions of cash flows or other assets to our subsidiaries. 

Marvion Inc. is permitted
under the Nevada laws to provide funding to and receive funding from our subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Singapore through loans or capital
contributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval
and filing requirements. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries, Marvion (Hong Kong) Limited, Marvion Studios Limited MSL (Formerly
known as Typerwise Limited) and Marvel Multi-dimensions Limited MMDL ), and our Singapore subsidiary Marvion Private Limited,
are also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong and Singapore to provide and receive funding to and from Marvion Inc. through dividend
distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of this report, there has been no dividends or distributions
among the holding company or the subsidiaries nor do we expect such dividends or distributions to occur in the foreseeable future among
the holding company and its subsidiaries. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject to the Nevada Revised
Statutes and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an amount
as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets will exceed
our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Nevada statutory restriction on the amount
of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. The laws and regulations
of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from Marvion Inc. to our Hong Kong subsidiaries or from our Hong
Kong subsidiaries to Marvion Inc. There are no restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion of Hong
Kong dollar HKD into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong or across borders and to U.S.
investors. 

There is a possibility that
the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors - Our Hong Kong subsidiary
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans
to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent
us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to
our Hong Kong subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 
 Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our
ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. 

7 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this report,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The PRC government imposes
controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience
difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their
own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our
subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay
to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
up to 10.0 . 

In order for us to pay dividends
to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries to Marvion Inc. If in the future we have
PRC subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to PRC taxes, including business
taxes and VAT. As of the date of this report, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries and our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries have not
made any transfers, dividends or distributions nor do we expect to make such transfers, dividends or distributions in the foreseeable
future. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this report, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we acquire
or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary, our Hong
Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such event, we
plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk Factors 
 Risks Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong. set forth in the Annual Report. 

8 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial position,
business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company expects or
anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof);
expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements
are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends,
current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However,
whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be
presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the
Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements
appear in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company,
and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition or
results of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and (iii) the Company s
financing plans. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to,
the Company s limited operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation,
technological change and competition. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report. 

Consequently, all of the
forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no
assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that
they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations
to update any such forward-looking statements. 

9 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 

MARVION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

September 30, 2024 
 December
31, 2023 

(Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Account receivables 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Account payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Amounts due to directors 

Construction payable 

Convertible note payable 

Promissory notes 

Lease liabilities 

Promissory note payable 

Tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Lease liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value , 
 shares authorized, and shares undesignated as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Preferred stock, Series A, par value , 
 shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Preferred stock, Series B, par value , 
 shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Preferred stock, Series C, par value , share
 designated, and share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value , 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated losses 

Total shareholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

See Accompanying Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

10 

MARVION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND 

 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Total other income 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net (loss) income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency adjustment (loss) gain 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Net (loss) income per share: 

Basic (1) 

Diluted (1) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic # 

Diluted # 

(1) 

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

11 

MARVION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 (Accumulated deficit) 
 Total shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 No. of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 income (loss) 
 Retained earnings 
 (deficit) equity 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 (restated) 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Share issued for acquisition of legal acquirer 

Recapitalization of legal acquirer 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 (restated) 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

12 

MARVION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of right-of use assets 

Interest expenses on lease liabilities 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Account receivables 

Account payables 

Construction payable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advance from a director 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of promissory notes for earnout liabilities through Share Exchange Transaction 

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

13 

MARVION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

shares of UWMC, constituting all of the issued and outstanding securities of UWMC, in exchange for shares of common stock
of the Company, par value per share (the share exchange transaction ). 

In connection with the share
exchange transaction, all prior officers and directors of the Company resigned and new officers and directors were appointed as officers
and directors of the Company. Such share exchange transaction has been accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization of the Company,
whereby UWMC is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (legal acquiree) and the Company to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer).
Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company will become the historical financial statements
of UWMC, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with UWMC beginning on the date of
the share exchange transaction. No goodwill is recognized in this transaction. The historical financial statements prior to the share
exchange transaction are those of the accounting acquirer (UWMC). Historical stockholders equity of the accounting acquirer prior
to the reverse merger are retroactively restated (a recapitalization) for the equivalent number of shares received in the merger. Operations
prior to the merger are those of the acquirer. After completion of the share exchange transaction, the Company s accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 have been restated for all periods presented
accordingly. 

In addition to the share
exchange transaction, the Company agreed to make earnout payments in the aggregate amount of million (collectively, the Earn
Out Payments upon UWMC s achievement of certain net income performance milestones during each six month period ending June
30 and December 31 (each, a Performance Period for a total of nine Performance Periods. The Earn Out Payments will be payable
in the form of interest free promissory notes and shared equally among the shareholders of UWMC. 

Currently, the Company is
principally engaged in the logistic services, warehousing service and financial consulting services in Hong Kong. 

Description of subsidiaries 

KSK Logistics Limited KSK 

Propose Enterprise Limited PEL 

United Warehouse Management Limited UWML 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as (the Company ). 

allowance for expected credit losses is recorded as the Company considers all of the outstanding accounts receivable
fully collectible in the foreseeable future. 

Equipment 

Motor vehicle 

Expenditures for maintenance
and repairs, which do not materially extend the useful lives of the assets, are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major
renewals and betterment which substantially extend the useful life of assets are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
of assets retired or sold are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized as other income or expense in the
statements of operations. 

impairment of long-lived assets identified for the three and nine months ended September 2024 and 2023. 

Revenue is recognized when
the Company satisfies its performance obligation under the contract by transferring the promised product to its customer that obtains
control of the product and collection is reasonably assured. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct
product or service to a customer. Most of the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation, and such fees are billed
to the customer when the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company recognizes such revenue in the period when the amounts are determined
to be fixed and the performance obligation is satisfied as the Company completes the obligations. 

Revenue is measured as the
amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or providing services. As such, revenue is
recorded net of returns, allowances, customer discounts, and incentives. Sales taxes and other taxes are excluded from revenues. 

Upon the development
of new warehouse building in October 2023, the Company focuses on the provision of logistic and warehousing services to the customers
through the storage of merchandise in its warehouse facilities, as well as packaging and delivery and transportation services from its
warehouse to domestic destinations designated by the customers. 

Logistic services 

Revenues from logistic solution
services to the customers, in which such local transportation, delivery and packaging services are recognized at the time the merchandise
is packed and shipped by the Company to domestic destinations designed by the customers. Generally, the Company bills the invoices monthly
and collects the receivable in a credit term of 30 days. 

Warehousing services 

Revenues generating from
storage services are recognized ratably over the term of the contract or arrangement, as the Company performs contractual obligations
through continuous transfer of control to the customers, and they could simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Company s
performance as it occurs. The Company generally invoices customers monthly at the end of each month in arrear for services performed during
the month. The performance obligation is satisfied when the services are performed. Warehousing contracts typically consist of ongoing
storage service in a term of 1-6 years, subject to renewal option. 

Financial consulting services 

The Company also provides
financial consulting services to the customers, and generally invoices customers when the performance obligation is satisfied. The duration
of the service period is short, usually within 3 months. Transaction prices of financial consulting services to be rendered are typically
based on contracted rates. The Company earns the fee arising from the facilitation of the placement of financing solutions with different
credit institutions, which is recognized at a point in time when the service is completed and delivered to the customer. 

The Company is acting as
a principal in providing aforementioned services and accordingly recognizes revenue on a gross basis as the Company determines the price
and selects carriers or service providers at its own discretion. 

t take
any uncertain tax positions and had adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the ASC 740 provisions of Section
740-10-25 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Period average HKD:US exchange rate 

In June 2023, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2022-03 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject
to Contractual Sale Restrictions . These amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not
considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. This guidance
is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after October
15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has assessed ASU 2023-03 and early adopted the guidance during the second quarter of
2023. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2023, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2023-01, Leases (Topic 842) Common-Control Arrangements . This guidance amends the accounting for leasehold improvements
in common-control arrangements by requiring a lessee in a common-control arrangement to amortize leasehold improvements that it owns over
the improvements useful life to the common-control group, regardless of the lease term, if the lessee continues to control the
use of the underlying asset through a lease. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2025. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and disclosures. 

In October 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-06, Disclosure Improvements: Codification Amendments in Response to the SEC s Disclosure Update and Simplification
Initiative , which incorporates certain SEC disclosure requirements into the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This update will
improve disclosure and presentation requirements of a variety of topics and align the requirements in the FASB codification with the SEC s
regulations. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effect of this ASU on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,
but does not expect the impact to be material. 

In November 2023, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280), Improvements to Reportable Segment
Disclosures. The purpose of the update was to improve financial reporting by requiring disclosures of incremental segment information
on an annual and interim basis for all public entities to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses. The amendments
in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted and requires retrospective application to all periods presented in the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. Management is evaluating the impact on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental
income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements.
ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management
does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and disclosures. 

In March 2024, the FASB issued
ASU 2024-02, which removes references to the Board s concepts statements from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (the
 Codification or ASC). The ASU is part of the Board s standing project to make Codification updates for technical
corrections such as conforming amendments, clarifications to guidance, simplifications to wording or the structure of guidance, and other
minor improvements. The Company s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2024-02 will have a material impact on
its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

Except
for the above-mentioned pronouncements, there are no new recently issued accounting standards that will have a material impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and cash flows. 

during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and incurred the accumulated deficit of as of September 30,
2024. Expenses are expected to increase in the forthcoming year and cash flows of the Company may not be able to sustain the expansion
required. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through the next twelve months is dependent upon the continued financial
support from its major shareholders. The Company is currently pursuing additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These and other factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities
that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Logistic service income 
 Point-in-time 

Warehousing service income 
 Over time 

Total revenues 

for warehouse building not yet placed into service are capitalized as construction in progress on the unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheets and is not depreciated until ready for service. 

This warehouse building is
structurally completed in October 2024. 

to years. These operating leases are included in Right-of-use Assets on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance
sheets and represent the Company s right to use the underlying assets during the lease term. The Company s obligation to make
lease payments are included in Lease liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Supplemental balance sheet information related
to operating leases was as follows: 

Lease liabilities: 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Operating lease expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Operating lease expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Other supplemental information about the Company s
operating lease as of: 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Operating lease commitments: 

The following table summarizes
the future minimum lease payments due under the Company s operating leases in the next five years, as of September 30, 2024: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total minimum finance lease liabilities payment 

Less: imputed interest 

Future minimum lease liabilities 

and as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

shares of preferred stock, with a par value of 0.0001. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had and shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had and share of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common stock 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company s authorized shares were shares of common stock, with a par value of . 

On March 11, 2024, the Company filed its Restated
Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State (the Articles of Incorporation to effect a 1-for-3000 reverse
stock split of its issued and outstanding Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split which was approved by the Company s
stockholders at a special meeting in lieu of annual meeting held on February 29, 2023, and issue to all shareholders that directly as
a result of the Reverse Stock Split would hold less than 100 shares of common stock of the Company (each, an Affected Shareholder such number of additional shares of common stock so that each Affected Shareholder shall hold 100 shares of common stock of the Company
after the Reverse Stock Split. On May 8, 2024, the Reverse Stock Split became effective upon the approval from FINRA. Accordingly, all
common shares and per share amounts in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been adjusted retroactively
to reflect the reverse stock split as if the split occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

On August 15, 2024, the Company and United Warehouse
Management Corp., a British Virgin Island corporation UWMC and eleven shareholders of UWMC entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement (the SEA pursuant to which the shareholders of UWMC agreed to transfer to the Company shares of UWMC, constituting
all of the issued and outstanding securities of UWMC, in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company, par value 
per share. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net loss per share: 

Basic # 

Diluted # 

# 
 For net loss per share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, common stock equivalents were included in the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share since such inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For net income per share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, basic and diluted net income per share was less than 0.01. 

The shares amounts
are presented on a retroactive basis, after the effect of Reverse Stock Split (see Note 9). 

- Foreign, including 

British Virgin Islands 

Hong Kong 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the
following: 

- Foreign 

Deferred: 

- Local 

- Foreign 

Income tax expense 

The effective tax rate in
the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate.
The Company has operations in Hong Kong that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United States of America 

MVNC is registered in the
State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of United States of America. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act was signed into law. The Tax Reform Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by, among other things, lowering the
U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were
not material to its results of operations for the periods presented. Deferred tax asset is not provided for as the tax losses may not
be able to carry forward after a change in substantial ownership of the Company. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no operating incomes. 

BVI 

Under the current BVI law, the Company is not
subject to tax on income. 

Hong Kong 

The Company and subsidiaries
operating in Hong Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the two-tiered profits tax rates from 8.25 to 16.5 on the estimated
assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the current year, after deducting a tax concession for the tax year. The reconciliation
of income tax expense to income at applicable tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Tax effect of non-taxable items 

Tax effect of non-deductible items 

Income tax expense 

The following table sets
forth the significant components of the deferred tax assets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

NOL British Virgin Islands regime 

NOL Hong Kong tax regime 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalty charges, if any, related to income taxes would
be classified as a component of the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not expect
any significant change in its uncertain tax positions in the next twelve months. 

The Company filed income
tax returns in the United States federal tax jurisdiction and several state tax jurisdictions. Since the Company is in a loss carryforward
position, it is generally subject to examination by federal and state tax authorities for all tax years in which a loss carryforward is
available. 

Customer B 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer C 

Customer D 

Customer E 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual customers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues and its outstanding
receivable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer A 

Customer B 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Customer F 

These customers are located
in Hong Kong. 

(b) 
 Major vendors 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s direct operating cost and its
outstanding payable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Vendor E 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Vendor A 

Vendor B 

Vendor C 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the individual vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s direct operating cost and its outstanding payable
balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Vendor F 

Vendor D 

Vendor E 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Vendor E 

Vendor A 

Vendor C 

These vendors are located
in Hong Kong and China. 

(c) 
 Credit risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents are maintained
with high credit quality institutions in Hong Kong, the composition and maturities of which are regularly monitored by the management.

(d) 
 Economic and political risk 

The Company s major
operations are conducted in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general
state of Hong Kong s economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

(e) 
 Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee
that the current exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit
for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate
of HKD converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without
notice. 

(f) 
 Liquidity risk 

Liquidity risk is the risk
that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company s policy is to ensure that it
has sufficient cash to meet its liabilities when they become due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable
losses or risking damage to the Company s reputation. A key risk in managing liquidity is the degree of uncertainty in the cash
flow projections. If future cash flows are fairly uncertain, the liquidity risk increases. 

32 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. See Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
on page 9. 

Unless otherwise noted, all
currency figures quoted as U.S. dollars , dollars or refer to the legal currency of the United
States. Throughout this report, assets and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using the
exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains
and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of changes in stockholders (deficit) equity. 

Unless indicated otherwise,
throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we refer to Marvion Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, as MVNC, we, 
 us and our. 

Numerical information in
this report is presented on a rounded basis using actual amounts. Minor differences in totals and percentage calculations may exist due
to rounding. 

Description of Business 

Marvion Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on March 6, 2008. The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). 

On August 15, 2024, the Company
and United Warehouse Management Corp., a British Virgin Island corporation UWMC and eleven shareholders of UWMC entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement (the SEA pursuant to which the shareholders of UWMC agreed to transfer to the Company 4,000
shares of UWMC, constituting all of the issued and outstanding securities of UWMC, in exchange for 148,148,150 shares of common stock
of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the share exchange transaction ). 

In addition to the Acquisition
Shares, the Company agreed to make earnout payments in the aggregate amount of 5.5 million (collectively, the Earn Out Payments upon UWMC s achievement of certain net income performance milestones during each six month period ending June 30 and December 31
(each, a Performance Period for a total of nine Performance Periods. The Earn Out Payments will be payable in the form
of interest free promissory notes and shared equally among Chan Sze Yu, Fong Hiu Ching and Young Chi Kin Eric who are also shareholders
of UWMC. The Acquisition transactions contemplated by the SEA were consummated on September 12, 2024. 

As a result of the Acquisition,
Marvion became engaged in the business of logistics and warehousing services. Concurrently with the acquisition of UWMC, the Company also
divested its ownership of Marvion Holdings Limited and all of its subsidiaries and ceased its the lifestyle, media and entertainment creation
and distribution, and technology businesses. 

Chan Sze Yu is our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director. Young Chi Kin Eric holds 10,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred
Stock which entitles him to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders together with the Common Stock holders with each
one share of Series A Preferred Stock having 200 votes. 

The foregoing descriptions
of the SEA and the Promissory Notes are qualified in their entirety by reference to the SEA and the Promissory Notes, which are filed
as Exhibits 10.1 through and including 10.4 and incorporated herein by reference. 

33 

The share exchange transaction
has been accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization of the Company, whereby UWMC is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (legal
acquiree) and the Company to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results
of operations of the Company will become the historical financial statements of UWMC, and the Company s assets, liabilities and
results of operations will be consolidated with UWMC beginning on the date of the share exchange transaction. No goodwill is recognized
in this transaction. The historical financial statements prior to the share exchange transaction are those of the accounting acquirer
(UWMC). Historical stockholders equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the reverse merger are retroactively restated (a recapitalization)
for the equivalent number of shares received in the merger. Operations prior to the merger are those of the acquirer. After completion
of the share exchange transaction, the Company s accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been restated
for all periods presented accordingly. 

The Company, through its
subsidiary UWMC, is principally engaged in the logistic services, warehousing service and financial consulting services in Hong Kong.
UWMC s businesses are operated through three subsidiaries organized in Hong Kong: KSK Logistic Limited KSK ), United
Warehouse Management Limited UWML and Propose Enterprise Limited PEL ), which provide the following services: 

KSK: Last mile deliveries for retail and business customers; 

UWML: Provides warehousing and distribution services; and 

PEL: Provides business advisory solutions to customers which may provide a lead to our logistic and warehousing services. 

We are seeking to build our
own furniture online store, providing a one-stop shopping experience to the Hong Kong furniture buyers. We may partner with some of our
existing customers who are already in furniture retailing, since they already have connections with many of the furniture manufacturers
in China. By listing out the catalogs of the partnered manufacturers, a lot more options will be available to the consumers to choose
from. Once orders are made, our logistics arm KSK will be able to handle the delivery of the furniture to the door of the consumers. We
will then build up our skillful furniture assemble team who will complete the assembly of the furniture at the time of delivery. In the
long run, as we see a good local demand on certain furniture products, we can work with the manufacturers to stock up some products at
our own UWML warehouses, this will further shorten the time between consumer placing the order online and the time when the furniture
is delivered and assembled at their home. 

Our corporate structure is
described below: 

34 

We are authorized to issue
up to 270,000,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001. Our Board has also designated the following classes of preferred
stock: (i) the Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001, with 10,000,000 authorized shares, all of which are issued and outstanding;
(ii) Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001, with 1,000,000 authorized shares, 366,346 of which are issued and outstanding;
and (iii) the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001, with 1 authorized share, all of which are issued
and outstanding. The voting and conversion rights of each series of preferred stock and the beneficial ownership of such securities by
insiders are summarized below: 

Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Ownership 
 
 Common Stock 
 One vote per share 
 
 7.16 held by Lee Ying Chiu Herbert. 
 8.78 held by Young Chi Kin Eric. 
 8.78 held by Chan Sze Yu. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders with each one share having 200 votes. Series A Preferred Stock do not convert into Common Stock. 
 100 held by Young Chi Kin Eric. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights, and Series B Preferred Stock do not convert into Common Stock. 
 Approximately 92 held by Lee Ying Chiu Herbert. 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Holders of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are generally not allowed
 to vote on an as converted basis on matters submitted to holders of the common stock, or any class thereof. 
 
 Each one share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converts into
 9.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock less the number of shares of common stock held by the holder; provided that any such optional
 conversion must involve the conversion of all of the holder s shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 100 held by Lee Ying Chiu Herbert. 

Current Revenue Generating Operation 

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The following table summarizes revenue from contracts
with customers, disaggregated by revenue source and the related segments, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months ended September 30, 
 
 Types of segments/revenue sources 
 2024 
 2023 

Supply chain segment: 

Logistic services 
 468,142 
 34,541 
 
 Warehousing services 
 403,229 

871,371 
 34,541 
 
 Financial segment: 

Financial consulting services 
 148,222 
 372,066 

1,019,593 
 406,607 

35 

Revenue Generating Operation in the Near
Future (Next 12 Months). 

Over the next 12 months,
we intend to continue to expand our logistics and warehousing businesses through more Business to Business (B2B) opportunities. We seek
to provide business customers with a one-stop solution for their warehousing and distribution needs. While our current customers include
key furniture retailers, we hope to expand our customer base both vertically and horizontally to other industries. We are in discussions
with major cross-regional logistics companies to fill in their local distribution needs and potential clients who may need a additional
warehousing space. We began construction of our third warehouse in Yuen Long, Hong Kong, and expect to finish sometime in the first quarter
of 2025. 

On October 2, 2024, our subsidiary
United Warehouse Limited signed a Service Agreement with Starwarehouse Engineering Limited to install solar PV systems on the rooftops
of our warehouses (the Service Agreement ). The generated power will be sold to China Light and Power (CLP) at the defined
tariff scheme rate, creating an additional long term stable revenue stream to the group, at the same time reducing our carbon footprint
in the society. The partnership is expected to begin in early 2025 and continue until December 31, 2033. The foregoing description of
the Service Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the English translation of the Service Agreement, which is filed as
Exhibit 10.10 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Revenue Generating Operation in the Farther
Future (Beyond the Next 12 Months) 

In the future, we are looking
into expanding more into the Business to Consumer (B2C) business opportunities. 

Based on the market expertise
of our management team in the furniture industry, and the cross-border ecommerce growth from China to Hong Kong, we are seeking to develop
a furniture online ecommerce platform which can provide a one-stop furniture shopping experience for consumers. According to Statista,
Hong Kong consumers prefer online shopping and the percentage of consumers choosing to shop online will reach 84.1 by 2027. China has
a mature online furniture ecommerce market, with 50 of consumers in China already purchasing their furniture online. We plan to provide
a rich selection of furniture from the already mature China ecommerce market to the consumers in Hong Kong, with integrated logistics,
delivery and furniture assembly services with a simple press of a button on our future furniture ecommerce platform. 

We are also looking into developing
a one-stop ecommerce platform for Hong Kong consumers, providing them with niche products from big brands around the world that are not
being offered locally in Hong Kong. By building up and utilizing logistic and warehousing partners in different countries, we seek to
provide group shipping across different regions to Hong Kong to deliver products to Hong Kong using the most cost effective channels. 

36 

Results of Operations. 

Three Months Ended September
30, 2024, as compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets
forth selected financial information from our statements of comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 390,275 
 212,502 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (193,891 
 (88,893 
 
 Gross profit 
 196,384 
 123,609 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 (573,438 
 (53,737 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (573,438 
 (53,737 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (377,054 
 65,872 
 
 Other income 
 612 
 108 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (376,442 
 65,980 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (2,531 
 (19,887 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (378,973 
 46,093 

Revenues 

The Company currently earns three types of income
sources: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Logistic service income 
 204,333 
 34,541 
 
 Warehousing service income 
 134,638 

Financial consulting income 
 51,204 
 177,961 

390,275 
 212,502 

Revenues from logistic solution
services to the customers, in which such local transportation, delivery and packaging services are recognized at the time the merchandise
is packed and shipped by the Company to domestic destinations designed by the customers. Generally, the Company bills the invoices monthly
and collects the receivable in a credit term of 30 days. 

37 

Revenues generating from
storage services are recognized ratably over the term of the contract or arrangement, as the Company performs contractual obligations
through continuous transfer of control to the customers, and they could simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Company s
performance as it occurs. The Company generally invoices customers monthly at the end of each month in arrear for services performed during
the month. The performance obligation is satisfied when the services are performed. Warehousing contracts typically consist of ongoing
storage service in a term of 1-6 years, subject to renewal option. 

The Company also provides
financial consulting services to the customers, and generally invoices customers when the performance obligation is satisfied. The duration
of the service period is short, usually within 3 months. Transaction prices of financial consulting services to be rendered are typically
based on contracted rates. The Company earns the fee arising from the facilitation of the placement of financing solutions among different
credit institutions, which is recognized at a point in time when the service is completed and delivered to the customer. 

Revenues of 390,275 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 177,773 or 83.66 from 212,502 in the same period of 2023, which was mainly
due to introduction of new business in rendering logistics and warehousing services. Revenues of 212,502 for the three months ended September
30, 2023 consisted primarily financial consulting service. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual customers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues and its outstanding
receivable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Pro King International Warehouse Limited 
 134,638 
 34.50 
 45,045 
 
 Furniture Station Limited 
 138,982 
 35.61 
 91,501 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Furniture Station Limited 
 31,069 
 14.62 
 31,074 
 
 Time Credit Limited 
 38,465 
 18.10 
 4,991 
 
 Easy Funding Limited 
 78,620 
 37.00 
 32,529 
 
 Golden Fields Finance Limited 
 27,444 
 12.91 
 7,532 

These customers are located
in Hong Kong. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues of 193,891
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of the direct wages, telemarketing service charges, depreciation and
amortization of right-of-use assets. Cost of revenues increased by 104,998 from 88,893 in the same period of 2023 which was mainly due
to the increase in direct operating cost in connection with logistics and warehousing services. Cost of revenues of 88,893 for the three
months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of the associated costs in rendering the financial consulting service and depreciation
and amortization of right-of-use assets. 

38 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s direct operating cost and its
outstanding payable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Ten Month Limited 
 25,922 
 13.37 

Ip Ming 
 22,667 
 11.69 

Giant Winner Limited 
 44,726 
 23.07 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Giant Winner Limited 
 25,840 
 29.07 

(Guangzhou MKS Investment Consulting Co., Limited 
 17,251 
 19.41 

Wong Ka Che 
 10,228 
 11.51 

for identification purpose only 

These vendors are located
in Hong Kong and China. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit
of 196,384 and 123,609 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross profit is attributable
to an increase in new business in rendering logistics and warehousing services. 

Operating Expenses: 

General and Administrative
Expenses G A ): General and administrative expenses of 573,438 and 57,737 for the three months ended September 30,
2024, and 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily include payroll, office operating cost, as well as professional fees. 

39 

Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets
forth selected financial information from our statements of comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 1,019,593 
 406,607 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (517,252 
 (181,675 
 
 Gross profit 
 502,341 
 224,932 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 (732,377 
 (144,610 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (732,377 
 (144,610 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (230,036 
 80,322 
 
 Other income 
 1,597 
 420 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (228,439 
 80,742 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (36,045 
 (19,887 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (264,484 
 60,855 

Revenues 

The Company currently earns three types of income
sources: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Logistic service income 
 468,142 
 34,541 
 
 Warehousing service income 
 403,229 

Financial consulting income 
 148,222 
 372,066 

1,019,593 
 406,607 

Revenues from logistic solution
services to the customers, in which such local transportation, delivery and packaging services are recognized at the time the merchandise
is packed and shipped by the Company to domestic destinations designed by the customers. Generally, the Company bills the invoices monthly
and collects the receivable in a credit term of 30 days. 

Revenues generating from
storage services are recognized ratably over the term of the contract or arrangement, as the Company performs contractual obligations
through continuous transfer of control to the customers, and they could simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the Company s
performance as it occurs. The Company generally invoices customers monthly at the end of each month in arrear for services performed during
the month. The performance obligation is satisfied when the services are performed. Warehousing contracts typically consist of ongoing
storage service in a term of 1-6 years, subject to renewal option. 

40 

The Company also provides
financial consulting services to the customers, and generally invoices customers when the performance obligation is satisfied. The duration
of the service period is short, usually within 3 months. Transaction prices of financial consulting services to be rendered are typically
based on contracted rates. The Company earns the fee arising from the facilitation of the placement of financing solutions among different
credit institutions, which is recognized at a point in time when the service is completed and delivered to the customer. 

Revenues of 1,019,593 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 612,986 or 151 from 406,607 in the same period of 2023, which was mainly due
to introduction of new business in rendering logistics and warehousing services. Revenues of 406,607 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023 consisted primarily financial consulting service. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual customers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues and its outstanding
receivable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Pro King International Warehouse Limited 
 403,229 
 39.55 
 45,045 
 
 Furniture Station Limited 
 348,898 
 34.22 
 91,501 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Time Credit Limited 
 101,935 
 25.07 
 4,991 
 
 Easy Funding Limited 
 172,911 
 42.53 
 32,529 
 
 Wings Finance Limited 
 46,898 
 11.53 
 3,192 

These customers are located
in Hong Kong. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues of 517,252
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of the direct wages, telemarketing service charges, depreciation and
amortization of right of use assets. Cost of revenues increased by 335,577 from 181,675 in the same period of 2023 which was mainly
due to the increase in direct operating cost in connection with logistics and warehousing services. Cost of revenues of 181,675 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of the associated costs in rendering the financial consulting service, such as,
direct marketing costs. 

41 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the individual vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s direct operating cost and its
outstanding payable balances at period-end dates, are presented as follows: 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Ip Ming 
 57,909 
 11.20 

Giant Winner Limited 
 134,793 
 26.06 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 (Guangzhou MKS Investment Consulting Co., Limited 
 50,528 
 27.81 

Wong Ka Che 
 38,933 
 21.43 

My Sweetheart Company Limited 
 27,242 
 14.99 
 27,245 

for identification purpose only 

These vendors are located
in Hong Kong and China. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit
of 502,341 and 224,932 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross profit is attributable
to an increase in new business in rendering logistics and warehousing services. 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative
expenses of 732,377 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 587,767 or 406 from 144,610 in the same period of 2023,
due to increase in consultancy fees and legal and professional fee related to the reverse merger transaction for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

General and administrative
expenses of 144,610 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These expenses primarily include payroll, office operating cost, as
well as professional fees. 

Income Tax Expense 

We incurred income tax expense
of 36,045 and 19,887 under Hong Kong tax regime during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

42 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 159,992, account receivables of 210,761 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 17,125. 

As of December 31, 2023,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 120,319, accounts receivable of 74,263 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 1,537. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, we had working capital deficit of 8,235,536 and 1,748,299, respectively. 

Going Concern 

Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
may include the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions, capital leases and short-term and
long-term debts. While we believe that we will obtain external financing and the existing shareholders will continue to provide the additional
cash to meet our obligations as they become due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources
on satisfactory terms. We believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support operations
for at least the next 12 months. 

We require additional funding
to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business
plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

We expect to incur marketing
and professional and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require
additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing,
we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition
and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. We intend to continue to fund its business
by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we cannot raise additional
funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, our common stock investors would lose all of their investment. 

Cash Flows 

The following summarizes the key component of
our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (142,953 
 43,890 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (446,497 
 (675,299 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 631,145 
 609,824 

43 

Net Cash Used In Operating
Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 142,953, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 264,484, an increase
of account receivables of 136,498, a decrease in account payables of 54,025, a decrease in construction payable of 261,372, an increase
in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 13,597 and a decrease of lease liabilities of 125,961 offset by an increase in accrued
liabilities and other payables of 471,225 , an increase in income tax payables of 36,045, and adjusted for non-cash items of depreciation
for property and equipment of 55,658, amortization of right-of-use assets of 89,408 and interest expenses on lease liabilities of 60,648. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash generated from operating activities was 43,890, which consisted primarily of a net income of 60,855, an
increase in account payables of 27,245, an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of 5,894 and an increase in income tax
payable of 19,887 offset by an increase in account receivables of 100,150, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets
of 1,532 and a decrease in lease liabilities of 3,064, and adjusted for non-cash items of depreciation for property and equipment of
 5,442, amortization of right-of-use assets of 28,426 and interest expenses on lease liabilities of 887. 

Net Cash Used In Investing
Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities of 446,497 and 674,412 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, represent the purchase of property
and equipment during the period. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing
Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities of 631,145 and 609,824 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, represent the amount advance
from the Company s director. 

All advances are repayable
on demand and interest-free. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We are not party to any off-balance
sheet transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

We had no contractual obligations
and commercial commitments as of September 30, 2024. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our critical accounting
policies and estimates have not changed since December 31, 2023. For a detailed description of the critical accounting policies and
estimates of the Company, please refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates included in Part II, Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

44 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report, we have carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. Under the direction of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting and concluded that were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

However, it should be noted
that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Securities
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 that occurred in the period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

45 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may
become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in
any pending legal proceeding or litigation, and to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding
to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect
on us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting
company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as
each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

46 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation filed January 17, 2023 (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation filed April 23, 2024 (3) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of Common Stock (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 15, 2024, by and between Marvion Inc., United Warehouse Management Corp., a British Virgin Island corporation, and the shareholders of United Warehouse Management Corp. (5) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Promissory Note made by Marvion Inc. in favor of Chan Sze Yu. (5) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Promissory Note made by Marvion Inc. in favor of Fong Hiu Ching. (5) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Promissory Note made by Marvion Inc. in favor of Young Chi Kin Eric. (5) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement Version 2021001 posted and available for public on 18 October, 2021 on http://www.marvion.media (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Confirmation dated October 18, 2021 by and among Lee Ying Chiu Herbert, So Han Meng Julian and Bonanza Goldfields Corp. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Lease, dated April 1, 2024, by and between Giant Winner Limited and United Warehouse Management Limited covering 80,000 sq. ft. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Lease, dated July 12, 2023, by and between Cheung Shun Shui and United Warehouse Management Limited (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Marvion Inc. 2023 Incentive Stock Plan (6) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Service
 Agreement, dated October 2, 2024, by and between United Warehouse Limited and StarWarehouse Engineering Limited 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 _______________________ 

Filed Herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2024. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2024. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2024. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2023. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

MARVION INC. 

Date: November 12,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Chan Sze Yu 

Name: Chan Sze Yu 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

48 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 marvion_ex1010.htm
 SERVICE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.10 

Service Agreement 

This Service Agreement for Solar Photovoltaic Systems (hereinafter
referred to as the Agreement is entered between STARWAREHOUSE
ENGINEERING LIMITED Provider or Party A and
UNITED WAREHOUSE LIMITED User or Party B after mutual agreed upon. 

(A) Party A agreed to install the Solar photovoltaic power generation system PV Sysytem which includes design, engineering,
installation and commissioning of the system on the roof of DD 119 LOT 1302,1303,1304,1305,1306,1309 PAK SHA TSUEN, YUEN LONG, NEW TERRITORIES.
It is subject to final approval and confirmation by the relevant departments of CLP Power Hong Kong Limited CPL ). 

(B) Party B Agreed to sell the electricity generated by the PV system to CLP under the FiT Scheme. 

(C) Terms of Agreement 

1. PV System: Party A shall provide a set of 170kW photovoltaic
system and installation and maintenance services on the rooftop of the area mentioned in (A) for Party B 

2. Bill of materials for PV systems 

Item 
 Unit(s) 
 
 1 
 520W solar flex board 
 426 
 
 2 
 120kW inverter (model: 120KTL3-LV) 
 1 
 
 3 
 50kW inverter (model: 50KTL3-LV) 
 1 
 
 4 
 Isolation transformers 
 1 
 
 5 
 Special adhesive for dimensional parts 
 1 
 
 6 
 DC and AC electrical equipment 
 1 
 
 7 
 Shipping costs 
 1 
 
 8 
 System installation 
 1 
 
 9 
 Submit construction papers, materials and related documents for testing and acceptance 
 1 
 
 10 
 Testing and acceptance 
 1 

3. Construction Period: Party A shall complete the PV system within 60 days from the date of receipt of Party B. 

4. Construction Arrangements: Party A shall submit the project plan to Party B for approval 14 days before the commencement of construction.
Party B may request Party A to change the content of the project plan. 

1 

5. Term of Service: This service will start in 2025 and end on January 31, 2033. 

6. Business Operation Date: Party A installed a 170KW photovoltaic system on the roof of Party B, and successfully generated profits
from the sale of electricity to CLP. 

7. Service Fee: 80 of the proceeds from the sale of electricity from the 170KW PV system to CLP is the monthly service fee. 

8. Payment: Party A agrees to pay Party B the income after deducting Party A's service fee every month within 14 working days after receiving
the feed-in tariff. 

9. Termination: If Party A fails to pay Party B's fees for three (3) consecutive months during the time period, or Party B is forced
by the government to stop the land use, Party A and Party B have the right to terminate this agreement in writing, and Party B is willing
to compensate Party A for 50 of the 20 proceeds from the sale of electricity from CLP within 72 months from the date of operation 

10. Conditions of the Photovoltaic System: Party A's PV system and the service have the necessary standards, quality and safety that fit
for its intended use and power generation. The system is provided by TOMI FUilHIGH TECH INTERNATIONAL CO. LIMITED and have been endorsed
by Party B. 

11. Insurance: During the construction period and service period, the third party liability insurance will be provided within the scope
of the project, and the insurance amount is as follows HKD 10,000,000.00. 

12. Maintenance: During the service period, Party A shall bring the relevant materials for free replacement within 14 days after receiving
the notice. 

13. Force Majeure: If the PV system or the site location noted in Term (A) is damaged by a major natural disaster, such as earthquake,
wind disaster, or fire, Party A can choose to reinstall or repair the PV system at the site location noted in Term (A) to continue the
agreement. If the location suffers major damage and Party A cannot repair it, the cooperation will be forced to cancel without compensation. 

14. Additional Agreements: After the end of the CLP REGA-FiT Scheme (31 December 2033), if CLP allows the solar power system to be used
by Party B for its own consumption, 70 of the monthly electricity cost savings from power generation will go to Party A for routine maintenance
and after-sales service. 

The exchange of all information between the two parties should be carried
out in the form of letters as far as possible to avoid misunderstandings. If any problems arise, the two sides agree to resolve them through
friendly consultations. 

This agreement shall be executed in duplicate, one copy for each party,
and the agreement shall come into force after being signed and sealed by both parties. 

Party A Representative: 
 
 Party B Representative: 

Date: 2 October, 2024 
 
 Date: 2 October, 2024 

2 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21>
 3
 marvion_ex2100.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

Description of Subsidiaries 

Name 

Place of incorporation 
 and kind of 
 legal entity 

Principal activities 
 and place of operation 

Particulars of registered/paid 
 up share capital 

Effective interest 
 held 

United Warehouse Management Corp.
 UWMC 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 50,000 ordinary shares at par value of US 1 each 
 
 100 

KSK Logistics Limited KSK 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Provision of logistic services 
 
 1 ordinary share for HK 1 
 
 100 

Propose Enterprise Limited PEL 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Provision of financing services 
 
 100 ordinary shares for HK 100 
 
 100 

United Warehouse Management Limited UWML 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Provision of warehousing and support activities for transportation 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares for HK 10,000 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 marvion_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

MARVION INC. 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chan Sze Yu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q
of Marvion Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the year covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the year in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based
on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Chan Sze Yu 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Chan Sze Yu 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 marvion_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Chan Sze Yu, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Marvion. Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Marvion
Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Marvion Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Chan Sze Yu 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Chan Sze Yu 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mvnc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mvnc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mvnc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mvnc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

