<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1605888_0001605888-24-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7689427</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183790</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1475148</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2084351</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2023903</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1815498</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001605888-24-000012.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113181306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001605888-24-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001605888
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				465319744
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40760
		FILM NUMBER:		241456058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 SYLVAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2230
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2018994470

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 SYLVAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2230
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SeqLL, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001605888-24-000012.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 altn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

altn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition period from_______ to _______ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer o Accelerated Filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 8, 2024, shares of the common stock, 0.00001 par value, of the registrant were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Explanatory Note 
 ii 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1a. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 Signatures 
 54 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 On June 18, 2024, Atlantic International Corp (f/k/a SeqLL, Inc., the Company completed its previously announced merger transaction and reorganization with SeqLL Merger LLC, a Delaware corporation SeqLL LLC ), Atlantic Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Atlantic ), Atlantic Merger LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a majority-owned subsidiary of Atlantic Atlantic Merger LLC ), Lyneer Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Lyneer and IDC Technologies, Inc., a California Corporation IDC in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 29, 2023 and subsequently amended on June 23, 2023, October 5, 2023, October 17, 2023, November 3, 2023, January 16, 2024, March 7, 2024, April 15, 2024, June 4, 2024 and June 12, 2024 (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which (i) Atlantic Merger LLC was merged with and into Lyneer with Lyneer continuing as the surviving entity and as an approximately 41.7 -owned subsidiary of Atlantic, and an approximately 58.3 -owned subsidiary of IDC , and (ii) SeqLL LLC was subsequently merged with and into Lyneer, with Lyneer continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger, the Company changed its corporate name from SeqLL Inc. to Atlantic International Corp. and its trading symbol to ATLN. 
 On August 30, 2023, SeqLL Inc affected a one-for-40 reverse stock split of their common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Company, Lyneer, the combined organization, we, our or us in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Lyneer and its subsidiaries prior to completion of the Merger and to Atlantic International Corp. and its subsidiaries after completion of the Merger. In addition, references to SeqLLC refer to the registrant prior to the completion of the Merger. 
 The Merger has been accounted for as a reverse capitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, Lyneer was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. Following the Merger, the business conducted by Lyneer became the Company s primary business. 
 Promptly following the Closing, (i) the legacy business and assets of SeqLL were sold, transferred and assigned to SeqLL Omics Inc a newly-formed private entity Newco pursuant to the asset purchase agreement dated as of May 29, 2023 (the Asset Purchase Agreement and (ii) SeqLL s existing cash on hand as of the Closing Date, less withholding taxes and any other obligations due under the Asset Purchase Agreement (or any amount withheld for such taxes or other pre-Closing Expenses under the Asset Purchase Agreement) were retained by SeqLL and not transferred under the Asset Purchase Agreement to SeqLL Omics, Inc. 
 Except as otherwise noted, references to common stock in this report refer to common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of the Company. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deposits, current Total current assets Noncurrent assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Due from related parties Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Due to related parties Current operating lease liabilities Notes payable, current portion Notes payable, current portion related parties Line of credit, current portion Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Line of credit, net of current portion Notes payable, net of current portion related parties Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue, net Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities ) Depreciation and amortization (Loss) income from operations ) ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment Advisory fees paid in the merger Interest expense Other expense Net loss before provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Mezzanine Capital Members Capital (Deficit) Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Redeemable Interests Common Stock Redeemable Interests Total Mezzanine Capital Contributed Capital Accumulated (Deficit) Total Members Equity/(Deficit) Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Effect of recapitalization - - ) - - ) Accretion to redemption value ) - ) - - - - - Exercise of redeemable interests ) ) - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Capital contribution - - - - - - Balance - March 31, 2024 ) Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Stock based compensation - - - - - - - - Recapitalization of legacy company - - - - - ) - ) Deemed contribution of debt deconsolidation from related party - - - - - - - - Advisory fees paid in merger - - - - - - Balance - June 30, 2024 ) Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Stock based compensation - - - - - - - - Stock issued for incentive plan - - - - - ) - Balance - September 30, 2024 ) 
 Mezzanine Capital Members Capital (Deficit) Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Redeemable Interests Common Stock Redeemable Interests Total Mezzanine Capital Contributed Capital Accumulated (Deficit) Total Members (Deficit) Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) Effect of recapitalization ) ) ) ) ) Accretion to redemption value - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Capital contribution - - - - - - - - Balance - March 31, 2023 ) ) Accretion to redemption value - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Capital contribution - - - - - - - - Balance - June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss - - - - - - - - ) ) Capital contribution - - - - - - - - Balance - September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Bad debt expense Amortization, deferred financing cost Interest paid in kind Loss on debt extinguishment Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Settlement claim to be paid in shares Shares issued for services Depreciation and amortization expense Share based compensation Expenses paid by IDC Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Unbilled accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Due from related parties ) Other assets ) ) Right of use assets Accounts payable Due to related parties ) ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Contingent consideration liability ) Operating lease liability ) ) Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings on revolving line of credit Payments on revolving line of credit ) ) Borrowing on credit agreement Deemed capital contribution from recapitalization Debt issuance costs payment ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents End of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income Taxes, net of refunds received Non-cash investing and financing activities: Derecognition of debt, net related to debt deconsolidation ) Accretion of redeemable units to redemption value Unpaid debt issuance costs added to Term Note Notes payable issued for amounts due under contingent consideration arrangements Deemed capital contribution Change in related parties ) Deemed capital contribution from merger Liabilities assumed in merger Recapitalization of equity as a result of the Merger 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 ATLANTIC INTERNATIONAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1: 
 locations throughout the USA. 
 On August 31, 2021 (the Acquisition Date or the Transaction Date ), IDC Technologies, Inc., a California corporation Parent IDC or the Acquirer obtained a controlling financial interest in Lyneer Investments by acquiring ninety percent of Lyneer Investments outstanding equity (the Transaction pursuant to a membership interest purchase agreement (the Transaction Agreement executed with the selling parties Sellers ). Following the closing of the Transaction, one of the Sellers, Lyneer Management Holdings, LLC LMH an entity owned primarily by certain members of the executive management team of the Company continued to own equity interest in Lyneer. The Transaction represented a change of control with respect to Lyneer Investments and was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the guidance prescribed in Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 805 - Business Combinations ASC 805 ). Lyneer Investments applied pushdown accounting as of the Acquisition Date. 
 In connection with the Transaction, IDC or Lyneer as co-obligors are required to make additional payments to the Sellers should Lyneer meet certain financial targets, as defined in the Transaction Agreement, within certain timeframes after the Transaction Date. These amounts represent contingent consideration liabilities remeasured at fair value each reporting period, with changes recorded in earnings. 
 In connection with the Transaction, the Sellers agreed to indemnify Lyneer for payment of claims or settlement amounts related to any pending or unasserted actions against Lyneer that arise from events that occurred on or prior to the Transaction Date, as well as legal expenses incurred by Lyneer related to its defense in such matters. 
 Total amounts due from the Sellers under the indemnification provisions of the Transaction amounted to and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and represented reimbursement for legal fees incurred to which the Company has a right to reimbursement under the Transaction Agreement. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2: 
 - owned subsidiary of Atlantic, and an approximately -owned subsidiary of IDC, and (ii) SeqLL Merger Sub will subsequently be merged with and into Lyneer, with Lyneer continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SeqLL (collectively referred to as the Merger ). 
 On June 4, 2024, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Amended Merger Agreement ), which amended certain provisions of the Merger Agreement: (i) fixed the number of shares of SeqLL common stock to be issued, (ii) replaced the Cash Consideration that was to be paid with a short-term promissory note, (iii) deleted the requirements of the closing of the Capital Raise and the listing of SeqLL common stock on a national securities exchange as conditions to the closing of the Merger, and (iv) provided for certain additional issuances of SeqLL common stock to IDC if such common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange on or prior to September 30, 2024. On June 12, 2024, the Amended Merger Agreement was amended Amendment 1 to reflect a per share price change from the previous to and to reflect the Merger price determined by the parties at the time of the Merger. 
 On June 18, 2024 (the Closing Date ), Atlantic International Corp. Atlantic or the Company, formerly known as SeqLL Inc.) completed the acquisition (the Merger of Lyneer. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger, the Company changed its corporate name from SeqLL Inc. to Atlantic International Corp. and its trading symbol to ATLN. 
 The consideration for the Acquisition was the issuance to IDC, the then current owner of Lyneer: (a) a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of that was originally due on or before September 30, 2024, which has been extended to March 31, 2026 (see Note 8: Debt for further discussion); and (b) shares of the Company s common stock at a market value of per share, or in the aggregate. The stockholders of Atlantic Acquisition Corp. were issued an aggregate of shares of Company s common stock at a market value of per share or in the aggregate (the Atlantic Consideration ). In the event of default, IDC shall be issued million of additional shares of Atlantic common stock, valued at the then current price of ATLN common stock. The Company is currently not in default of the convertible promissory note. 
 In addition, upon the closing of the Merger: 
 Atlantic Acquisition Corp AAC entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which AAC irrevocably assigned and transferred to the Company all of AAC s rights, title and interest to various intangible assets in exchange for a portion of the Atlantic Consideration. The Company assumed all of the employment agreements of AAC personnel and paid/or expects to pay approximately million of accrued wages and bonuses. The Company assumed obligations of AAC to issue shares to certain advisors upon completion of the Merger, and an additional million shares under a directors agreement. See Note 9: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities for further discussion. 
 The Company escrowed shares of common stock that may be issued to the Company s stockholders of record as of September 26, 2023, as part of a settlement offer (the Settlement Offer to be commenced within 90 days of the closing of the Merger to settle any claims for the failure to declare and pay certain previously-announced dividends of cash and common stock. 
 In addition, following completion of the Merger, subject to the terms and conditions of an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 29, 2023, between the Company and SeqLL Omics, an entity formed by Daniel Jones, the Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and certain other former employees of the Company for the purpose of carrying on the Company s pre-Merger business following the Merger, SeqLL Omics purchased from the Company for a purchase price of all of the Company s assets, including cash and cash 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 to a former co-founder of SeqLL that is due on July 31, 2025 and a leasehold obligation. . 
 Determination of Accounting Acquirer 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, although SeqLL acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Lyneer in the Merger, we will be treated as the acquiree and Lyneer will be treated as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the Merger is reflected as the equivalent of Lyneer issuing shares for SeqLL s net assets, followed by a recapitalization whereby no goodwill or other intangible assets are recorded. Operations prior to the Merger will be those of Lyneer. There is no accounting effect or change in the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities because of the Merger. The Merger does not represent a business combination accounted for accounting purposes under ASC 805 Business Combinations , because neither Atlantic Merger LLC nor SeqLL will meet the definition of a business. 
 Having considered Topic 12 of the SEC Financial Reporting Manual, Lyneer has been determined to be the continuing entity for accounting purposes and the Merger represents a reverse recapitalization with regard to Atlantic. We considered the following factors in completing the accounting analysis, with greater weight being given to (a), (d) and (e): 
 a) Lyneer is the largest entity, in terms of substantive operations; 
 b) Subsequent to SeqLL s sale of assets to SeqLL Omics, SeqLL will have no or nominal assets and no or nominal operations, and will not meet the definition of a business; 
 c) Atlantic Merger LLC has no operations and does not meet the definition of a business; 
 d) Lyneer will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity as the only company with historical operations; 
 e) All of the Lyneer employees will continue with the combined entity; 
 f) No affiliate entities or individual stockholders of Lyneer, Atlantic or SeqLL will have voting control on our board of directors following the Merger; and 
 g) Individuals affiliated with Atlantic will be appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our company following the Merger. 
 
 Note 3: 
 operating segment. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million of the IDC shortfall on the Revolver as well as providing the new ABL lender a million Letter of Credit. This lender has also agreed to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to June 18, 2026. The Company will continue to borrow under the existing facility in its normal course of business until closing. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 notes payable with equivalent terms, except to the amount of principal and interest, were issued to the Sellers. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4: 
 Permanent placement and other services Total service revenues, net 
 When disaggregating revenue, the Company considered all of the economic factors that may affect its revenues. Because all its revenues are from placement services, there are no differences in the nature, timing and uncertainty of the Company s revenues and cash flows from its revenue generating activities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, revenues from the Company s largest customer accounted for approximately and of consolidated revenues, respectively and and of consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other customers accounted for more than 10 of the Company s consolidated revenues in either period. Economic factors specific to this customer could impact the nature, timing and uncertainty of the Company s revenues and cash flows. 
 Contract asset consists of unbilled accounts receivable of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 The Company recognized and of bad debt expense during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Note 5: 
 years Office equipment years Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or asset life Total Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated condensed statements of operations. 
 
 Note 6: 
 ) ) Trade Name ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Total amortization expense of was recorded during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and was recorded during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company continuously monitors for events and circumstances that could indicate that it is more likely than not that its finite lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are impaired or not recoverable (a triggering event), requiring an interim impairment test. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company considered a number of factors including, but not limited to, current macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, economic growth, and interest rate movements, industry and market considerations, and overall financial performance of the Company. Based on the analysis of relevant events and circumstances, the Company concluded a triggering event had not occurred as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 7: 
 to , some of which include the option to renew, and some of which include an early termination option. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company extended certain of its leases for periods ranging from one to . 
 years years Weighted average discount rate for operating leases 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 Note 8: 
 Term note Seller notes Earnout notes Earnout notes related party Credit Agreement Promissory Note Merger Note related party Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total debt Current portion Non-current portion 
 The revolving credit facility (the Revolver and Term Note contain certain customary financial and non-financial covenants that the Company is required to comply with. The Company and its lenders executed multiple amendments to its debt facilities in anticipation of the closing of the Merger. The multiple amendments executed since 2023 were in response to the delayed closing of the Merger. As of the issuance date of the Company s September 30, 2024 unaudited financial statements, the Ninth Amendment to the Revolver and Tenth Amendment to the Term Note represent the currently effective amendments to each respective debt facility, as described further below. As of August 12, 2024, the lenders waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising their rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the credit facilities through September 30, 2024. The Company has received conditional approval by a new ABL lender and expects to close on a new credit facility by the end of November 2024. The Company will continue to borrow under the existing facility in its normal course of business until closing. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 , when originally executed in 2021. The facility was partially used to finance the acquisition of Lyneer Investments by IDC in August 2021, with additional borrowing capacity available under the Revolver to finance the Company s working capital. All the Company s cash collections and disbursements are currently linked with bank accounts associated with the Lender and funded using the Revolver. These borrowings are determined by the Company s availability based on a formula of billed and unbilled accounts receivable as defined in the loan agreement. The Revolver matures on August 31, 2025, at which time all outstanding balances are due and payable. There are no scheduled or required principal payments on the Revolver prior to its maturity date. The Company may prepay amounts owed under the Revolver at any time prior to its maturity date without penalty. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company has recognized liability balances on the Revolver of and , respectively. 
 Borrowings under the Revolver are classified as either Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Revolving Credit Loans, SOFR FILO Loans, Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans, Base Rate FILO Loans, or Swing-Line Loans. 
 Greater than 41,666,666.66 but less than or equal to 83,333,333.33 Less than 41,666,666.66 
 Swing Line Loans on the Revolver bear interest at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 On May 5, 2023, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Revolver. The Third Amendment to the Revolver was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 Debt and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. The amendment fee was , split evenly between IDC and the Company. Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 Greater than 41,666,666.66 but less than or equal to 83,333,333.33 Less than 41,666,666.66 
 On August 31, 2023, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement to the Revolver (the Fourth Amendment to the Revolver which decreased the available borrowing capacity to . The applicable margins were raised to: (i) per annum with respect to SOFR Revolving Credit Loans, (ii) per annum with respect to Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans, (iii) per annum with respect to SOFR FILO Loans, and (iv) per annum with respect to Base Rate FILO Loans. Pursuant to the terms of the Fourth Amendment to the Revolver, the remaining amounts owed under the Revolver will be split between IDC and Lyneer at the closing of the Merger, with Lyneer retaining availability of up to under a new revolving credit facility having terms similar to those under the existing Revolver. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 and the structuring fee was , split evenly between IDC and the Company, and will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Fees paid other than to the lenders are expensed as incurred. 
 The Company and its lenders did not execute a fifth amendment and forbearance agreement. Instead, on January 30, 2024, the Company entered into the Limited Consent and Sixth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement (the Sixth Amendment to the Revolver with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through March 15, 2024, revising financial ratios with the first ratio being due September 30, 2024, and entering into a schedule for repayment of the over-advance. The Sixth Amendment to the Revolver represents a limited waiver and requires the Company to complete certain actions subsequent to completion of the proposed Merger and the public offering. Following the closing of the proposed Merger, issuance of the Merger Note and successfully raising million of gross proceeds in a public offering of securities, the Company will be required to direct a portion of the proceeds raised to specified creditors, execute limited pledge and guarantee agreements and provide other customary covenants. The events of default are waived for a limited period until March 15, 2024, at which time the Company is required to refinance or restructure the credit facility. The Sixth Amendment to the Revolver contains certain customary financial and non-financial covenants. 
 The Sixth Amendment to the Revolver was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment, forbearance and structuring fees, split evenly between IDC and the Company, and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into the Limited Consent and Seventh Amendment and Forbearance Agreement (the Seventh Amendment to the Revolver with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through July 31, 2024, and eliminated certain financial ratios. The maturity date of the Revolver was accelerated to July 31, 2024 and the available borrowing capacity decreased to and further decreasing to upon the consummation of the Merger. Additionally, the sublimit for letters of credit was decreased to , further decreasing to upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 The Seventh Amendment to the Revolver was treated as a debt extinguishment after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and a loss of is included in loss on debt extinguishment in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Any existing unamortized costs will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term using the effective interest method. Fees paid other than to the lenders are expensed as incurred. 
 The additional forbearances represent limited waivers and require the Company to complete certain actions subsequent to completion of the proposed Merger and the public offering. The events of default are waived for a limited period until July 31, 2024, at which time the Company is required to refinance or restructure the credit facility. The extended forbearances contain certain customary financial and non-financial covenants. 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into the Limited Consent and Eighth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement (the Eighth Amendment to the Revolver with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through July 15, 2024. The maturity date of the Revolver was extended to August 31, 2025 and the available borrowing capacity was decreased to , decreasing to upon Atlantic International and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates issuing equity interests generating gross proceeds in an amount not less than (the Initial Capital Raise and further decreasing upon the issuance or disposition of any indebtedness or equity interest after the Initial Capital Raise of or by (i) any loan party or subsidiary or affiliate thereof or (ii) Atlantic International or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof (the Secondary Capital Raise ). The maximum consolidated cash balance at the end of any business day was reduced to . 
 On August 12, 2024 the Company entered into extended forbearance agreements with its lender, under which the lenders, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreements and agreed to forbear from exercising their rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver and Term Note through September 30, 2024. The maximum aggregate principal amount of will be reduced by on each Thursday starting August 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million of the IDC portion owed on the ABL as well as providing the new ABL lender a million Letter of Credit. The Company will continue to borrow under the existing facility in its normal course of business until closing. 
 The Revolver contains certain customary financial and non-financial covenants. 
 Total available borrowing capacity on the Revolver as of September 30, 2024 was over-advanced by . 
 Term Note 
 On August 31, 2021, the Company and IDC as co-borrowers entered into a Term Note in the amount of . The proceeds of this loan were primarily used to finance the acquisition of Lyneer by IDC in August 2021. The Term Note matures on February 28, 2026, at which time all outstanding balances are due and payable. There are no scheduled principal payments on the Term Note prior to its maturity date. The Term Note is subordinated to the Revolver and bears an initial stated rate of per annum. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company has recognized liability balances on the Term Note of , and , respectively. 
 On May 5, 2023, the Third Amendment to the Term Note revised the stated interest rate which may vary between and per annum, with the cash portion of the stated rate varying from to per annum, and the Paid-in-Kind PIK portion varying from to per annum, based on specified financial ratios and similar metrics. 
 The Third Amendment to the Term Note was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. IDC paid the amendment fee which is included in capital contribution on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of mezzanine capital and members capital (deficit). Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 The Term Note was further amended on September 30, 2023 (the Fourth Amendment to the Term Note to defer the July 1, 2023 Cash Interest payment until August 1, 2023. The Company did not make this payment due to the notice received from the Revolver s administrative agent of the lender restricting payment on the Term Note. was paid with respect to the Fourth Amendment to the Term Note. 
 On August 4, 2023, the Company received notice from the administrative agent of the Term Note that it was in default of the loan agreement due to non-payment of the August 1, 2023, interest payment due and the default rate became effective which is the stated rate plus per annum. 
 The Term Note was further amended and provided a forbearance on August 31, 2023 (the Fifth Amendment to the Term Note ). The lender waived all existing events of default as of the date of the Fifth Amendment to the Term Note and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies through November 17, 2023. The Fifth Agreement to the Term Note increased the stated interest rate to per annum and the cash portion of the stated rate increased to per annum. The Fifth Amendment to the Term Note has the same contingencies as the Fourth Amendment to the Revolver. 
 The Fifth Amendment to the Term Note was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company will amortize any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method, as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term. The structuring fee of and the total forbearance fee of , are the responsibility of IDC, which is included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in and stockholders earnings (deficit). These fees were not paid and as such, was added to the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 , the forbearance fee of and the amendment fee of are the responsibility of IDC. These fees were not paid and as such, was added to the principal of the Term Note. Fees paid other than to the lenders are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into the Limited Consent and Eighth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement (the Eighth Amendment to the Term Note with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to the Term Note through July 31, 2024. The Eighth Amendment to the Term Note has the same contingencies as the Seventh Amendment to the Revolver. 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into the Limited Consent and Ninth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement (the Ninth Amendment to the Term Note with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to the Term Note through July 15, 2024. The Ninth Amendment to the Term Note has the same contingencies as the Eighth Amendment to the Revolver. 
 The Seventh Amendment to the Term Note, Eighth Amendment to the Term Note and Ninth Amendment to the Term Note were all accounted for as modifications. 
 On August 12, 2024, the Company entered into the Tenth Amendment and with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Term Note through September 30, 2024. The Initial Capital Raise milestone and the uplisting milestone dates were extended to September 15, 2024. 
 The Company has received conditional approval to extend the current milestone for the Company s Initial Capital Raise to January 30, 2025. Additionally, the Term Note obligation is fully covered by the Allocation agreement with IDC, as discussed below. 
 The Term Note contains certain customary financial and non-financial covenants that the Company is required to comply with. 
 Seller Notes 
 As part of the purchase price consideration for the Transaction, the Company and IDC as co-borrowers issued various Seller Notes to former owners totaling . Payments on the Seller Notes are due in quarterly installments of , and due at their amended maturity date of April 30, 2024, and bear interest at an amended fixed rate of per annum. The Seller Notes represent unsecured borrowings and are subordinated to the Revolver and to the Term Note. 
 The Company has recognized Seller Note liability balances of and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Earnout Notes 
 As contingent consideration milestones are met in connection with the Transaction Agreement, the Company can elect to pay the obligation in cash or issue notes payable. During 2022, the Company and IDC as co-borrowers issued notes payable with an aggregate value of . Payments on each of the Earnout Notes are due in quarterly installments through their amended maturity date of January 31, 2025, and each note bears an amended stated interest rate of per annum. On January 16, 2024, the Company and IDC as co-borrowers issued notes payable with an aggregate value of . Payments on each of the Earnout Notes are due in quarterly installments through their maturity date of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 per annum. The Company did not make principal and interest payments due to the notice received from the Revolver s administrative agent of the lender restricting payments to other lenders and the interest rate was increased to the default rate of for the January Earnout Notes. 
 The Earnout Notes are subordinated to the Revolver and Term Note and represent unsecured borrowings. 
 The Earnout Note liability was and at the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 2023 and 2024 Amendments to Seller and Earnout Notes 
 The Company did not make the Seller Note and Earnout Note principal and interest payments due during 2023 or the nine months ended September 30, 2024. On May 14, 2023, the Company signed an amendment (the Omnibus Amendment to defer the missed Seller Note and Earnout Note payments through the amendment date until their amended maturity dates of April 30, 2024, and January 31, 2025, respectively. The amendment increased the interest rate of the Seller Note and the Earnout Notes to per annum from for all remaining payments. 
 The Omnibus Amendment was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Lyneer paid the amendment fee and will be reimbursed from IDC. These fees were included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders earnings (deficit). Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 On January 16, 2024, the Company signed the Second Omnibus agreement to defer the missed July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023, principal and interest payments until February 28, 2024, in addition to the payment of , along with accrued interest, scheduled for payment on January 31, 2024, which shall now be due and payable on February 28, 2024. The Company missed the payment due on February 28, 2024. 
 The Second Omnibus Amendment was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Lyneer paid the amendment fee and will be reimbursed from IDC. These fees were included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders earnings (deficit). Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into a secured bridge loan Credit Agreement in the principal amount of at an interest rate of per annum. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement was originally September 30, 2024. However, mandatory prepayments shall be made from the Initial Capital Raise, on the issuance of new debt or new equity interests, or upon a change of control. 
 On July 22, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to June 18, 2026. 
 Promissory Note 
 From April 29, 2019 to April 29, 2020, the Company entered into a series of non-convertible promissory notes (the Promissory Notes with St. Laurent Investments LLC amounting to . The Promissory Notes had a term, most recently extended through July 31, 2025 or a later date to be mutually agreed upon. The Promissory Notes bear interest accruing at the rate of per annum, and increased to for the period from August 1, 2024, through July 31, 2025. 
 Merger Note 
 In connection with the closing of the Merger, we issued to IDC the Merger Note in the principal amount of with an original maturity date of September 30, 2024. The Merger Note does not bear interest and is not 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 per annum commencing upon the date of such event of default and will be convertible into shares of our common stock at a price per share that equals the lowest daily volume weighted average price per share (VWAP) during the five trading days immediately preceding the date on which the applicable conversion notice is delivered to us, but not less than of the price per share in our Initial Capital Raise, provided, however, that the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Merger Note will not exceed of the number of our outstanding shares of common stock without shareholder approval if our common stock is then listed on a National Stock Exchange. An event of default under the Merger Note may result in an additional event of default under the Revolver and our other indebtedness for borrowed funds. 
 On September 12, 2024 the Company entered into Amendment No 1 to the Convertible Promissory Note Amendment 1 to the Merger Note which extended the maturity date to the earlier of March 31, 2026 or the completion of at least a million capital raise. Amendment 1 to the Merger Note was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term using the effective interest method. 
 Debt Allocation Agreement 
 Lyneer and IDC entered into a debt allocation agreement (the Allocation Agreement dated as of December 31, 2023, which specifies and allocates responsibility for repaying (or refinancing) the joint-and-several debts between Lyneer and IDC. The Company reassessed its accounting for joint-and-several liabilities under ASC 405-40 as of the Merger date and concluded it is reasonably probable that IDC can repay their portion of the debt allocated per the Allocation Agreement. As a result, the Company deconsolidated it s joint and several debt obligations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Interest Expense 
 The Company recognized total interest expense of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. and of deferred financing costs were recognized as a component of interest expense on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9: 
 Accrued wages and salaries Accrued commissions and bonuses Accrued interest Income tax payable Earnout due to sellers current portion Accrued other expenses and current liabilities Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Legacy Stockholder Dividend Settlements 
 The Company has extended offers for settlement to stockholders as a result of the Company failing to declare and pay a declared dividend as described in the Company s filings. The Company has received seven signed settlement letters in response to the September 16, 2024 settlement offer as of the issuance date of the Company s September 30, 2024 unaudited financial statements at the September 10, 2024 closing stock price of . See Note 19: Subsequent Events for further discussion on agreements entered into after September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Note 10: 
 with respect to this complaint, which is recognized in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Executive Employment and Consulting Agreements 
 Consulting Agreement with Robert Machinist 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, Robert Machinist entered into a one-year consulting agreement with our company as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Machinist s consulting fee is per annum. Mr. Machinist will receive a transaction bonus upon the completion of the Merger. Mr. Machinist is eligible for discretionary annual bonuses as determined by the compensation committee of our board of directors. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 with an additional one-year extension unless terminated by either party upon 90 days written notice prior to the end of the initial term. Mr. Jagid s base salary is per annum. Mr. Jagid is entitled to a true-up payment in an amount equal to the pro-rated difference between his salary of per year under his employment contract dated February 1, 2023 with Atlantic and per annum. Mr. Jagid is eligible to receive an annual bonus in an amount equal to his base salary for every year commencing in 2023. The bonus will be predicated upon our recording a minimum of in revenues. Mr. Jagid will also be paid a transaction bonus as a result of the closing of the Merger, and he will be paid additional transaction bonuses in the amount of for the closing of any subsequent acquisition that is valued in excess of . He is also eligible for an annual discretionary bonus to be set by the compensation committee of our board of directors. 
 If we terminate the employment agreement for any reason other than Cause (as defined), all of Mr. Jagid s then-outstanding restricted stock, restricted stock units and warrants will immediately vest, and Mr. Jagid will be entitled to (i) 12 months of severance payments of his base salary, (ii) a prorated annual bonus if we are on pace to meet the above-stated performance milestones, (iii) the right to 12 months of COBRA insurance, and (iv) reasonable outplacement services for a period of up to 90 days from termination. 
 Upon death or disability, Mr. Jagid, or his estate, will receive all accrued compensation and any prorated bonus, and any equity that would have vested during the 24-month period beginning on the date of death or disability will immediately vest. If Mr. Jagid is terminated for Cause, or resigns without Good Reason (as defined), he will receive accrued compensation and any vested equity. 
 Upon a Change of Control (as defined), all of Mr. Jagid s non-vested equity will immediately vest in full, and he will be entitled to his full severance payments stated above if he chooses to terminate his employment with our company. Mr. Jagid will be subject to a one-year non-compete covenant from termination of his employment anywhere in the United States if termination is for Cause, and six months if termination is for any other reason. He will be subject to a two-year non-solicitation covenant from termination if he is terminated for Cause and 12 months if he is terminated for any other reason. He will also be covered under our directors and officers liability insurance for up to one year from termination of his employment. 
 Employment Agreement with Christopher Broderick 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, Christopher Broderick entered into an employment agreement with our company as Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement is for three years with an additional one-year extension unless terminated by either party upon 90 days written notice prior to the end of the initial term. Mr. Broderick s base salary is per annum. He is also entitled to a true-up payment equal to the pro-rated difference between his salary of per year under his employment agreement dated February 1, 2023 with Atlantic and per annum. Mr. Broderick will be eligible to receive a yearly bonus equal to his annual base salary for every year commencing in 2023. The bonus will be predicated upon our recording a minimum of in revenues and adjusted EBITDA of . Mr. Broderick will also be paid a transaction bonus as a result of the closing of the Merger and he will be paid additional transaction bonuses in the amount of for the closing of any subsequent acquisition that is valued in excess of . He also will be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus to be set by the compensation committee of the board of directors. 
 If we terminate the employment agreement for any reason other than Cause (as defined), all of Mr. Broderick s then-outstanding restricted stock, restricted stock units and warrants will immediately vest, and Mr. Broderick will be entitled to (i) 12 months of severance payments of his base salary, (ii) a prorated annual bonus if we are on pace to meet the above-stated performance milestones, (iii) the right to 12 months of COBRA insurance, and (iv) reasonable outplacement services for a period of up to 90 days from termination. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 per annum. He is also entitled to a true-up payment equal to the pro-rated difference between his salary of per year under his employment agreement dated April 1, 2023, with Atlantic and per annum. Mr. Tenore is entitled to receive an annual bonus of for every year commencing in 2023. The bonus is predicated upon our receiving a minimum of in revenues and adjusted EBITDA of . Mr. Tenore will also be paid a transaction bonus as a result of the closing of the Merger, and he will be paid additional transaction bonuses in the amount of for the closing of any subsequent acquisition that is valued in excess of . He also will be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus to be set by the compensation committee of our board of directors. 
 If we terminate the employment agreement for any reason other than Cause (as defined), all of Mr. Tenore s then-outstanding restricted stock, restricted stock units and warrants will immediately vest, and Mr. Tenore will be entitled to (i) 12 months of severance payments of his base salary, (ii) a prorated annual bonus if we are on pace to meet the above-stated performance milestones, (iii) the right to 12 months of COBRA insurance, and (iv) reasonable outplacement services for a period of up to 90 days from termination. 
 Upon death or disability, Mr. Tenore, or his estate, will receive all accrued compensation and any prorated bonus, and any equity that would have vested during the 24-month period beginning on the date of death or disability will immediately vest. If Mr. Tenore is terminated for Cause, or resigns without Good Reason (as defined), he will receive accrued compensation and any vested equity. 
 Upon a Change of Control (as defined), all of Mr. Tenore s non-vested equity will immediately vest in full and he will be entitled to his full severance payments stated above if he chooses to terminate his employment with our company. Mr. Tenore will be subject to a one-year non-compete covenant from termination of his employment anywhere in the United States if his termination is for Cause, and six months if termination is for any other reason. He will be subject to a two-year non-solicitation covenant from termination if he is terminated for Cause and 12 months if terminated for any other reason. He also will be covered under our directors and officers liability insurance for up to one year from termination of employment. 
 Employment Agreement with Todd McNulty 
 On June 18, 2024, Lyneer entered into a new employment agreement, with Todd McNulty to be its Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement is for three years with successive one-year extensions unless terminated by either party upon 90 days prior written notice. Mr. McNulty s current base salary is per annum. Mr. McNulty is entitled to receive: (a) a transaction bonus of ; (b) accrued compensation of on or before June 28, 2024; (c) a 2024 Special Bonus of on or before September 18, 2024; (d) an additional cash bonus of on or before December 18, 2024; (e) beginning in 2024 and each fiscal year thereafter an annual bonus increasing from to on total revenues increasing from million to million, and (f) restricted stock units equal to of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. He is also eligible for an annual discretionary bonus to be set by the compensation committee of our board of directors. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 per annum. Mr. Radvany is entitled to the same transactions bonus, accrued compensation, 2024 Special Bonuses, annual bonuses starting in 2024, discretionary bonuses and restricted stock units as Mr. McNulty is entitled to. Mr. Radvany s employment agreement provides for the same severance provisions, non-competition and non-solicitation covenants as those in Mr. Radvany s employment agreement discussed above. In case of termination by Lyneer with Cause or by Mr. Radvany without Good Reason, Mr. Radvany will only be entitled to accrued obligations consisting of accrued but unpaid base salary; unreimbursed expenses; accrued but unpaid benefits; and any unpaid bonus for any then completed fiscal year. 
 Board of Directors Agreement (Chairman) with Prateek Gattani 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, the Company adopted the Board of Director s Agreement dated as of April 15, 2024 with Prateek Gattani to serve as Chairman of the Board for a two-year period from the closing of the Merger. The agreement provides for Mr. Gattani to have all responsibilities of a director of the Company. He is to be paid an annual fee equal to the higher of or the highest amount any other director is being paid. Mr. Gattani was granted RSUs to purchase shares of common stock vested upon the date of grant and exercisable for five (5) years from the date of issuance. The agreement provides that he cannot be removed except by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Note 11: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance of Earnout Notes Change in fair value ) Transfer to purchase consideration ) Ending balance 
 See Note 14: Related Party Transactions for a discussion of the Company s contingent consideration liabilities attributed to LMH. 
 
 Note 12: 
 . The Company s cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits amounted to and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company has not experienced any losses with regard to its bank accounts and believes it does not pose a significant credit risk to the Company. 
 Other Concentrations 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has a deposit in the amount of with a professional employer organization PEO ). The PEO is the employer of record for substantially all of the Company s engagement professionals, and as such certain costs of revenue are paid to the PEO and subsequently distributed to Company engagement professionals. 
 
 Note 
 , of the outstanding membership units were held by IDC, and were held by LMH. 
 Under the Operating Agreement, LMH has the right, but not the obligation to require IDC to purchase LMH s interest in the Company (the LMH Put upon the occurrence of any Triggering Event, or during the Put-Call Period. Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events as defined in the Company s operating agreement, LMH had the right to require IDC to purchase its membership units in the Company. The Company has determined the LMH Units to be redeemable upon an event that is outside the control of the Company, and accordingly has classified the LMH Units as a component of mezzanine capital and outside of permanent equity as of December 31, 2023. These units were exercised on February 28, 2024 and as of September 30, 2024 were reclassed to permanent equity. See below for further detail. 
 Accordingly, these ownership interests were recorded in mezzanine capital, and subject to subsequent measurement under the guidance provided under ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Pursuant to ASC 480, contingently redeemable equity instruments that are not redeemable as of the balance sheet date but probable of becoming redeemable in the future should be accreted to their redemption value either immediately or ratably; the Company has elected to recognize changes in redemption value immediately upon the determination that an outstanding instrument is probable of becoming redeemable in the future. 
 Net income and losses are allocated to Members capital accounts in accordance with the terms of the Operating Agreement which generally provides that these items are allocated in proportion to each Member s percentage ownership 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 . While not formalized until April 17, 2024, the terms of the Put-Call Option Note were agreed to by all parties prior to March 31, 2024 and as such, the Company gave effect to the transaction as of March 31, 2024. The Put-Call Option Note provides that IDC owned one hundred percent of all the membership interests in Lyneer Investments and requires IDC to pay of outstanding principal six months after issuance with the remaining payable in six equal quarterly payments beginning on December 31, 2024 and continuing until the maturity date of June 30, 2026. The Put-Call Option Note provides for the acceleration of payment principal under certain conditions, including upon a change of control, as defined. The Put-Call Option Note bears interest at a stated annual interest rate of which is payable quarterly in arrears commencing December 31, 2024. IDC may prepay the Put-Call Option Note at any time without premium or penalty. The Put-Call Option Note contains customary covenants. 
 As part of the consummation of the Merger on June 18, 2024, IDC paid to LMH as a partial payment on the Put-Call Option Note. 
 
 Note 14: 
 ownership interest at December 31, 2023. Two of the Company s officers, specifically its CEO and CFO, each owned of LMH, respectively. 
 On November 15, 2022, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued Year 1 Earnout Notes to LMH with total balances of . The balance of the Year 1 Earnout Notes payable to LMH was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. On January 16, 2024, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued Year 2 Earnout Notes to LMH with total balances of . The balance of the Year 2 Earnout Notes payable to LMH was as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the combined Earnout Note balances payable to LMH of and are included in notes payable, current portion , respectively on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense incurred on the Earnout Notes to LMH totaled and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Total amounts due from LMH under the indemnification provisions of the Transaction Agreement amounted to and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and are included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 1: Organization and Nature of Operations for additional information. 
 The balance of the earnout liability payable to LMH as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was and , respectively, which is included in other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 On June 18, 2024 as part of the Merger, LMH entered into a guarantee agreement with the PEO, replacing and cancelling the letter of credit previously held by the lenders of the Revolver. 
 Transactions with IDC 
 The Company and IDC are co-borrowers and jointly and severally liable for principal and interest payments under the Revolver, the Term Note, the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes. In the case of certain of those obligations IDC generally makes certain interest and principal payments to the lenders and collects reimbursement from the Company. For interest payments of that nature, the Company recognizes interest expense when interest is incurred under the relevant loan agreement and a corresponding payable to IDC, which is subsequently removed from the Company s consolidated balance sheet upon Company s remittance of the reimbursement funds to IDC. Additionally, when principal payments are made by 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in due to related parties on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Total amounts payable to IDC, including the above taxes payable to IDC, amounted to and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively and are included in due to related parties on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. There are no formalized repayment terms. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lyneer included as an expense paid for by IDC and recorded as a deemed capital contribution to Lyneer, of which all related to transaction bonuses. Additionally, IDC agreed to reimburse certain expenses paid by Lyneer totaling also recorded as deemed capital contributions, by reducing the payable balance owed to IDC. Of this amount, related to professional fees and related to a debt amendment fee. 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Merger Note with IDC. See Note 8: Debt for further discussion. Additionally, IDC was issued shares of the Company s common stock at a market value of per share, or in the aggregate. 
 Advance to Officer 
 Lyneer advanced to the CEO of the Company in 2022. The advance did not bear interest. This advance is recorded in other assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. The officer loan settled from a portion of the recapitalization proceeds at the closing of the Merger. 
 
 Note 15: 
 period, with one-quarter of the award vesting on the first annual anniversary of the date of grant, with the remainder of the award vesting monthly thereafter. 
 On July 22, 2024 the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 to register up to (initially shares) of the number of shares of common stock, par value , to be outstanding immediately following consummation of the Initial Capital Raise following the Merger issuable pursuant to outstanding unvested or unexercised stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, and other stock or cash based awards (collectively, Awards granted under the Company s Incentive Plan which became effective upon the consummation and completion of the Merger. 
 Share Reserve 
 A number of shares of our common stock equal to (initially shares) of the number of shares of common stock to be outstanding immediately following consummation of the Initial Capital Raise following the Merger was initially reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan. Following the Merger, we assumed Atlantic s obligations with respect to restricted stock units granted to and held by those members of Atlantic management and certain persons who are key consultants to our company post-Merger and it is expected that all of the shares of common stock initially reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan will be reserved for issuance upon the vesting of such restricted stock units. 
 Shares underlying any awards under the Incentive Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, held back to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, satisfied without the issuance of stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) will be 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 restricted stock units to non-employees under its Incentive Plan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding RSUs with a grant date fair value of . 
 Granted Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 Of the shares granted, shares are for compensation for transaction costs related to the Merger incurred by a third party on behalf of the Company. An assumption agreement was entered into on June 18, 2024, whereby the Company agreed to assume those obligations and issue equity of Atlantic to satisfy these obligations in full. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized stock-based compensation related to RSUs outstanding, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining service period of less than . 
 
 and , respectively and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was ) and ) , respectively. The decrease in effective tax rates between the periods was primarily due to a valuation allowance on state deferred tax assets and nondeductible transaction costs, partially offset by the recognition of federal deferred tax assets associated with the Merger. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17:) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted Excluded anti-dilutive shares 
 
 Note 18: 
 cash payment as an initial payment under the Consulting Agreement 
 Consulting fees will be paid at the sum of per month, paid quarterly 
 shares will be issued as additional consideration for up to 10 hours of services a week. Any weekly hours in excess of those hours will be billed at a negotiated rate 
 shares will be issued as a Dividend settlement 
 Stock Issuance 
 On October 25, 2024, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to its employees at a per share price of outside of its Employee Incentive Plan as a special incentive for employees. 
 Subsidiary Formation 
 On October 29, 2024, the Company formed a subsidiary in Delaware. The subsidiary is named A36 Merger Sub, Inc. and all shares of its common stock are owned by the Company. 
 
 Staffing 360 Solutions Merger Agreement 
 On November 1, 2024 the Company, Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. a Delaware corporation STAF ), and A36 Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Staffing 360 Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into STAF, with STAF surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Staffing 360 Merger ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Staffing 360 Merger Agreement, upon completion of the Staffing 360 Merger, Atlantic will acquire all outstanding shares of STAF s common stock. The Staffing 360 shareholders will receive Atlantic shares for each Staffing 360 share. Atlantic and Staffing 360 shareholders will own approximately and , respectively, of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion relates to Atlantic International Corp. (Atlantic or the Company) and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be read together with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Atlantic, through its subsidiaries, is a national strategic staffing firm servicing the commercial, professional, finance, direct placement, and managed service provider verticals. Lyneer was formed under the principles of honesty and integrity, and with the view of becoming the preferred outside employer of choice. Since its formation, the Company has grown from a regional operation to a national staffing firm with offices and geographic reach across the United States. The Company primarily places individuals in accounting and finance, administrative and clerical, information technology, legal, light industrial, and medical roles. The Company is also a leading provider of productivity consulting and workforce management solutions. Atlantic is headquartered in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey and has more than one hundred locations in the USA. 
 The Company s management believes, based on their knowledge of the industry, that it is one of the prominent and leading staffing firms in the ever-evolving staffing industry. Its management also believes that it is an industry leader in permanent, temporary and temp-to-perm placement services in a wide variety of areas, including, but not limited to, accounting finance, administrative clerical, hospitality, IT, legal, light industrial and medical fields. Its deep expertise and extensive experience have helped world class companies revolutionize their operations, resulting in greater efficiency and streamlined processes. Its comprehensive suite of solutions covers all aspects of workforce management, from recruitment and hiring to time and attendance tracking, scheduling, performance management, and predictive analytics. Atlantic takes a personalized approach to each client, working closely with them to understand their unique needs and develop a tailored roadmap for success. In addition, Atlantic offers a comprehensive range of recruiting services, including temporary and permanent staffing, within the light industrial, administrative, and financial sectors. Its services are designed to meet each client s needs, including payroll services and vendor management services/managed service provider solutions. Its extensive network of offices and onsite operations provide local support for its clients, while its national presence gives Atlantic the resources to tackle even the most complex staffing needs. With a focus on integrity, transparency and customer service and a commitment to results over a 25-year period, management believes it has earned a reputation as one of the premier workforce solutions partners in the United States. 
 At Atlantic, management understands that finding the perfect candidate starts before the job requisition even comes in. The Company employs the strategy of proactive recruitment to build a pipeline of pre-vetted candidates for order fulfillment. Atlantic s client mix consists of both small- and medium-size businesses, and large national and multinational client relationships. Client relationships with small- and medium-size businesses are based on a local or regional relationship, and tend to rely less on longer-term contracts, and the competitors for this business are primarily locally owned businesses. Comprising over 60 of the Company s revenue base, the large national and multinational clients, on the other hand, will frequently enter into non-exclusive arrangements with several firms, with the ultimate choice among them being left to local managers. As a result, employment services firms with a large network of offices compete most effectively for this business, which generally has agreed-upon pricing or mark-up on services performed. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion summarizes the key factors Atlantic s management team believes are necessary for an understanding of Atlantic s financial statements. 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Certain related party and non-related party financial statement line-item amounts have been aggregated for purposes of analysis below, which is consistent with management s evaluation of its business results. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Service revenue, net 107,803,843 97,785,156 10,018,687 10.2 Cost of revenue 95,918,373 86,179,981 9,738,392 11.3 Gross profit 11,885,470 11,605,175 280,295 2.4 Selling, general and administrative 17,151,567 10,372,122 6,779,445 65.4 Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 349,907 (349,907) (100.0) Depreciation and amortization 1,245,557 1,263,820 (18,263) (1.4) Loss from operations (6,511,654) (380,674) (6,130,980) + Interest expense 1,472,564 4,887,247 (3,414,683) (69.9) Other expense 285,483 285,483 + Net loss before provision for income taxes (8,269,701) (5,267,921) (3,001,780) 57.0 Income tax benefit 1,220,072 1,346,969 (126,897) (9.4) Net loss (7,049,629) (3,920,952) (3,128,677) 79.8 Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.16) (0.15) (0.01) 6.5 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 44,688,845 25,423,729 19,265,116 75.8 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Service revenue, net 313,063,328 285,177,880 27,885,448 9.8 Cost of revenue 279,222,830 250,888,387 28,334,443 11.3 Gross profit 33,840,498 34,289,493 (448,995) (1.3) Selling, general and administrative 46,045,754 31,701,396 14,344,358 45.2 Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities (150,093) 150,093 (100.0) Depreciation and amortization 3,754,165 3,784,624 (30,459) (0.8) Loss from operations (15,959,421) (1,046,434) (14,912,987) + Loss on debt extinguishment 1,213,379 1,213,379 + Advisory fees paid in the merger 43,000,000 43,000,000 + Interest expense 10,494,818 12,610,280 (2,115,462) (16.8) Other expense 15,893,220 15,893,220 + Net loss before provision for income taxes (86,560,838) (13,656,714) (72,904,124) + Income tax benefit 19,732,646 3,791,387 15,941,259 + Net loss (66,828,192) (9,865,327) (56,962,865) + Net loss per share, basic and diluted (2.04) (0.39) (1.65) + Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 32,774,837 25,423,729 7,351,108 28.9 
 
 + - change greater than 100 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Service Revenue, Net 
 Service revenue, net of discounts, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Temporary placement services 106,770,291 96,427,450 310,340,859 281,788,801 Permanent placement and other services 1,033,552 1,357,706 2,722,469 3,389,079 Total service revenues, net 107,803,843 97,785,156 313,063,328 285,177,880 
 Service revenue, net was 107,803,843 and 97,785,156 for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 10,018,687, or 10.2 . This increase was predominately due to the higher revenues from the Company s temporary placement services business, which increased 10,342,841 or 10.7 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to a strong sales initiative by the Company. Permanent placement and other services decreased 324,154 or 23.9 due to lower permanent job demand as companies cut back on hiring permanent positions. 
 Service revenue, net was 313,063,328 and 285,177,880 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 27,885,448, or 9.8 . This increase was predominately due to the higher revenues from the Company s temporary placement services business, which increased 28,552,058 or 10.1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to a strong sales initiative by the Company. Permanent placement and other services decreased 666,610 or 19.7 due to lower permanent job demand as companies cut back on hiring permanent positions. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Gross profit reflects the difference between realized service revenue, net and cost of revenues for providing temporary and permanent placement solutions. Cost of revenue consists primarily of fixed and variable directs costs, including payroll, payroll taxes and employee benefit costs. Cost of revenue and gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue, net 107,803,843 97,785,156 313,063,328 285,177,880 Cost of revenue 95,918,373 86,179,981 279,222,830 250,888,387 Gross profit 11,885,470 11,605,175 33,840,498 34,289,493 
 Cost of revenue for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 95,918,373 and 86,179,981, respectively, an increase of 9,738,392 or 11.3 . The increase in cost of revenue was due primarily to higher service revenue, net driven primarily by higher temporary placement services revenue, which increased 10,342,841 or 10.7 . Gross profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 11,885,470 and 11,605,175, respectively, an increase of 280,295 or 2.4 . As a percentage of service revenue, net, gross profit was 11.0 and 11.9 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which decreased due to increasing labor related costs and reduced permanent placements. 
 Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 279,222,830 and 250,888,387, respectively, an increase of 28,334,443 or 11.3 . The increase in cost of revenue was due primarily to higher service revenue, net driven primarily by higher temporary placement services revenue, which increased 28,552,058 or 10.1 . Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 33,840,498 and 34,289,493, respectively, a decrease of 448,995 or 1.3 . As a percentage of service revenue, net, gross profit was 10.8 and 12.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which decreased due to increasing labor related costs and reduced permanent placements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Total Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Selling, general and administrative 17,151,567 10,372,122 46,045,754 31,701,396 Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 349,907 (150,093) Depreciation and amortization 1,245,557 1,263,820 3,754,165 3,784,624 Total operating expenses 18,397,124 11,985,849 49,799,919 35,335,927 
 The changes in each financial statement line item for the respective periods are described below. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 17,151,567 and 10,372,122, respectively, an increase of 6,779,445, or 65.4 , due primarily to higher transaction costs related to the Merger, offset partially by cost cutting measures. As a percentage of service revenue, net, selling, general and administrative costs were 15.9 in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 10.6 in the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of service revenue, net was due primarily to higher transactions costs in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 46,045,754 and 31,701,396, respectively, an increase of 14,344,358, or 45.2 , due primarily to higher transaction costs related to the Merger, offset partially by cost cutting measures. As a percentage of service revenue, net, selling, general and administrative costs were 14.7 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 11.1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of service revenue, net was due primarily to higher transactions costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Changes in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 0 and 349,907, respectively. The change of (349,907) reflects the change in fair value of the liability balance. The measurement period for the contingent consideration arrangements expired on August 31, 2023, at which time amounts owed Lyneer to its former owners were computed and represent fixed amounts. 
 Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 0 and (150,093), respectively. The change of 150,093 reflects the change in fair value of the liability balance. The measurement period for the contingent consideration arrangements expired on August 31, 2023, at which time amounts owed Lyneer to its former owners were computed and represent fixed amounts. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,245,557 and 1,263,820, respectively, a decrease of 18,263 or 1.4 , a slight decrease on a year-over year basis. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 3,754,165 and 3,784,624, respectively, a decrease of 30,459 or 0.8 , which was essentially flat on a year-over year basis. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 Loss on debt extinguishment, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Loss on debt extinguishment 1,213,379 
 Loss on debt extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to the Seventh Amendment and Forbearance Agreement to the Revolver being treated as a debt extinguishment after the Company s analysis of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 470 Debt. 
 Advisory Fees Paid in the Merger 
 Advisory fees paid in the merger for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Advisory fees paid in the merger 43,000,000 
 The stockholders of Atlantic Acquisition Corp. were issued an aggregate of 18,220,338 shares of Company s common stock at a market value of 2.36 per share, or 43,000,000 in the aggregate, on the date of the Merger. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest expense 1,472,564 4,887,247 10,494,818 12,610,280 
 Interest expense for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,472,564 and 4,887,247, respectively. The decrease of 3,414,683, or 69.9 , in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023 was due to the Company deconsolidating the joint and several debt obligations as of the Merger date. 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 10,494,818 and 12,610,280, respectively. The decrease of 2,115,462, or 16.8 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was attributed to the Company deconsolidating the joint and several debt obligations as of the Merger date, partially offsest by higher interest rates on the revolving credit facility on a year-over-year basis, an increase in the rates on the term, seller and earnout notes due to amendments in May 2023 and August 2023, and, new earnout notes issued in January 2024. 
 Other Expense 
 Other expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other expense 285,483 15,893,220 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to stock compensation expense for third parties as advisors to the Company for RSUs that were granted on the date of the Merger. Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to accrued amounts pertaining to a potential settlement for legacy stockholders and stock compensation expense for to third parties as advisors to the Company for RSUs that were granted on the date of the Merger. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2022 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income tax benefit 1,220,072 1,346,969 19,732,646 3,791,387 
 Income tax benefit for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,220,072 and 1,346,969, respectively, a decrease of 126,897, which was driven primarily by the increase in net loss before taxes of 8,269,701 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5,267,921 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, or an increase in the net loss before taxes of 3,001,780. 
 Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 19,732,646 and 3,791,387, respectively, an increase of 15,941,259, which was driven primarily by the increase in net loss before taxes of 86,560,838 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13,656,714 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, or an increase in the net loss before taxes of 72,904,124. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity Capital Resources 
 
 Atlantic s primary sources of liquidity have historically been cash generated from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit agreement (the Revolver ). Atlantic s working capital requirements are primarily driven by personnel payments and client accounts receivable receipts. As receipts from client partners lag behind payments to personnel, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth. Primary uses of cash are payments to engagement personnel, corporate personnel, related payroll costs and liabilities, operating expenses, capital expenditures, cash interest, cash taxes, and contingent consideration and debt payments. 
 
 Atlantic believes that the cash generated from operations, together with the borrowing availability under its portion of the Revolver or under any revolving credit facility that Lyneer may enter into to replace the Revolver, would be sufficient to meet its normal working capital needs for at least the 12-month period following the date of its September 30, 2024 financial statements, including investments made, and expenses incurred, in connection with opening new markets throughout the next year. Atlantic s ability to continue to fund these items may be affected by general economic, competitive and other factors, many of which are outside of Atlantic s control. If Atlantic s future cash flow from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to fund its liquidity needs, Atlantic may be forced to obtain additional debt or equity capital or refinance all or a portion of its debt. 
 
 Atlantic s working capital requirements are primarily driven by personnel payments and client accounts receivable receipts. As receipts from client partners lag behind payments to personnel, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth. 
 Atlantic s primary sources of liquidity have historically been cash generated from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit agreement (the Revolver ). Atlantic s primary uses of cash are payments to engagement personnel, corporate personnel, related payroll costs and liabilities, operating expenses, capital expenditures, cash interest, cash taxes, and contingent consideration and debt payments. If Atlantic and IDC are able to refinance their existing indebtedness as described below, Atlantic believes that the cash generated from operations, together with the borrowing availability under its portion of the Revolver or under any revolving credit facility that Lyneer may enter into to replace the Revolver, would be sufficient to meet its normal working capital needs for at least the 12-month period following the issue date of its financial statements, including investments made, and expenses incurred, in connection with opening new markets throughout the next year. Atlantic s ability to continue to fund these items may be affected by general economic, competitive and other factors, many of which are outside of Atlantic s control. If Atlantic s future cash flow from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to fund its liquidity needs, Atlantic may be forced to obtain additional debt or equity capital or refinance all or a portion of its debt. 
 In connection with the closing of the Merger, Atlantic issued to IDC the Merger Note in the principal amount of 35,000,000 with an original maturity date of September 30, 2024. The Merger Note does not bear interest and is not convertible prior to an event of default under the Merger Note. If an event of default should occur under the Merger Note, the Merger Note will bear interest at the rate of 7 per annum commencing upon the date of such event of default and will be convertible into shares of our common stock at a price per share that equals the lowest daily volume weighted average price per share (VWAP) during the five trading days immediately preceding the date on which the applicable conversion notice is delivered to us, but not less than 80 of the price per share in our Initial Capital Raise, provided, however, that the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Merger Note will not exceed 19.99 of the number of our outstanding shares of common stock without shareholder approval if our common stock is then listed on a National Stock Exchange NSE ). An event of default under the Merger Note may result in an additional event of default under the Revolver and our other indebtedness for borrowed funds. 
 On September 12, 2024 the Company entered into Amendment No 1 to the Convertible Promissory Note Amendment 1 to the Merger Note which extended the maturity date to the earlier of March 31, 2026 or the completion of at least a 40 million capital raise. 
 On June 6, 2023, Lyneer and IDC were informed by a letter from the administrative agent of the lender under the Revolver that the borrowing base calculation under the Revolver was required to be changed from how it was historically calculated. This change caused Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers to be over-advanced, and the agent required the co-borrowers to cure the over-advance. On December 31, 2023, the total over-advance was 22,518,585. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 On August 31, 2023 and January 30, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into consent and forbearance agreements with its lender under the Revolver pursuant to which the lender waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreements and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the credit facilities through November 17, 2023 and March 15, 2024, respectively. On April 17, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into a limited consent and amendment to the forbearance agreement with the lender under the Revolver under which the lender agreed to extend its forbearance with respect to all then-existing events of default until July 31, 2024. As a result of the Company being unable to complete its Initial Capital Raise by May 15, 2024, the Company was required to obtain additional forbearance agreements. 
 On June 18, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into consent and forbearance agreements with its lender under the Revolver under which the Lender agreed to extend its forbearance with respect to all then-existing events of default until July 15, 2024, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, all of which have been satisfied, and agreed to a revised schedule for the repayment of the over-advance. The events of default of the borrowers under the Revolver included: 
 (i) the failure to repay an over-advance in the amount of 4,662,495 as of May 31, 2024; 
 (ii) failure to complete an initial capital raise Initial Capital Raise on or before May 15, 2024 and apply the proceeds thereof as specified; 
 (iii) failure to have completed presentations to potential buyers under a sale and potential lenders in respect of a refinancing transaction resulting in payment in full of all Obligations (as defined); 
 (iv) the failure to deliver to the administrative agent, on or before May 29, 2024, an executed letter of intent with respect to a Sale/Refinancing; 
 (v) the failure to satisfy various financial covenants of the Revolver and failure to timely cure all of the foregoing defaults. 
 Under the Revolver, a Sale/Refinancing is defined as the sale of one of the borrowers under the Revolver, including possibly IDC or Lyneer, that will generate proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay in full all obligations of the borrowers under the Revolver. 
 The lenders consent to IDC s transfer of ownership of the equity of Lyneer was conditioned upon: (i) our limited guaranty and pledge of our ownership of the equity of Lyneer upon the effective date of the Merger, (ii) IDC s pledge to the lender of a security interest in the Merger Note and the shares of our common stock that IDC received in the Merger, as well as the proceeds thereof, and (iii) a replacement guaranty by Lyneer Management Holdings LLC to replace a 6 million letter of credit for the benefit of Employers Personnel, LLC; (iv) an executed amendment to the Term Note; (v) a consent and amendment to the Intercreditor Agreement with the lender under the Term Note; (vi) an executed Master Turnover Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed, until payment in full of all Obligations, upon any disposition of Equity Interests (as defined including the Initial Capital Raise) or any Secondary Capital Raise proceeds to turn the proceeds to the lender under mandatory prepayment provisions; (vii) consent to a prepayment on the Lyneer Put Option note in the aggregate of 2 million (viii) an updated budget; and (ix) customary closing conditions. 
 The failure of Lyneer and IDC to comply with any of such additional covenants would create additional events of default under the Revolver and the Term Note that have not been waived by the lenders under the Revolver or the Term Note in the existing forbearance agreements. 
 On August 12, 2024 the Company entered into the Ninth Amendment and with its lender of the Revolver, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through September 30, 2024. The maximum aggregate principal amount of 60,000,000 will be reduced by 500,000 on each Thursday starting August 15, 2024 and continuing through and including September 26, 2024. The Initial Capital Raise milestone was extended to September 15, 2024 with additional milestones including an uplisting milestone date of September 15, 2024. The Company has received conditional approval to extend the current milestone for the Company s Initial Capital Raise to January 30, 2025. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has received conditional approval by a new ABL lender and expects to close on a new credit facility by the end of November 2024. One of our current lenders has committed to fund a minimum of 8 million of the IDC shortfall on the Revolver. The Company will continue to borrow under the existing facility in its normal course of business until closing. 
 On June 18, 2024, IDC and Lyneer also entered into an amendment to the forbearance agreement with the lender under the Term Note pursuant to which, the lender (i) extended its forbearance with respect to all events of default until the earlier of July 15, 2024, or an Event of Default; (ii) requires a limited guaranty and continued pledge by us of our equity interest in Lyneer; (iii) requires the execution of new three-year employment agreements with Todd McNulty and James Radvany, CEO and CFO, respectively of Lyneer. The events of default under the Term Note included: 
 (i) the failure to pay interest due on October 1, 2023 and January 2, 2024; 
 (ii) failure to complete an Initial Capital Raise by May 15, 2024 and to apply the proceeds as specified therein; 
 (iii) failure to complete management presentations to potential buyers and potential lenders; 
 (iv) the failure to deliver on or before May 29, 2024, an executed letter of intent with respect to a Sale/Refinancing; and 
 (v) the failure to satisfy various financial covenants of the Term Loan and failure to cure. 
 On August 12, 2024, the Company entered into the Tenth Amendment and with its lender of the Term Note, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Term Note through September 30, 2024. The Initial Capital Raise milestone was extended to September 30, 2024 with additional milestones including an uplisting milestone date of September 15, 2024. 
 The Company has received conditional approval to extend the current milestone for the Company s Initial Capital Raise to January 30, 2025. Additionally, the Term Note is covered by the Allocation agreement discussed below. 
 The Lenders consent to IDC s transfer of ownership of the equity of Lyneer was conditioned upon substantially the same terms stated above under the Revolver, as well as issuance of a secured bridge loan Credit Agreement to the Company in the principal amount of 1,950,000 at an interest rate of 5 per annum. The Maturity date of the Credit Agreement was originally September 30, 2024. However, mandatory prepayments shall be made from the Initial Capital Raise, on the issuance of new debt or new Equity Interests, or upon a change of control. 
 On July 22, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to June 18, 2026. 
 In addition, on January 16, 2024, IDC and Lyneer entered into an amendment agreement with the holders of the Seller Notes and Earnout Notes to defer the missed July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023 principal and interest payments on the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes, each in the amount of 1,575,000 plus accrued interest, until February 28, 2024, and to defer to February 28, 2024 the payment of 1,575,000 with accrued interest scheduled for January 31, 2024. Lyneer has not refinanced or restructured the credit facility and missed all payments of the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes during 2024. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 205-40, Going Concern , Atlantic evaluates whether there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financials are issued. This evaluation includes considerations related to financial and other covenants contained in Atlantic s credit facilities, as well as Atlantic s forecasted liquidity. Atlantic has concluded that there is no substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of its consolidated financial statements. The Company has received conditional approval by a new ABL lender and expects to close on the new credit facility by the end of November 2024. One of our current lenders has committed to fund a minimum of 8 million of the IDC shortfall on the Revolver. The Company will continue to borrow under the existing facility in its normal course of business until closing. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 IDC, Lyneer and Prateek Gattani, IDC s Chief Executive Officer and our Chairman of the Board following the Merger, have entered into an Allocation Agreement dated as of December 31, 2023, pursuant to which IDC agreed that, subject to subordination to the taxes as between IDC and Lyneer, in connection with the Merger, the Term Note and the Seller Notes, will either be paid in full or assumed by IDC, and all but 35 million of the Revolver will be paid in full or assumed by IDC, and Lyneer will have no further liability or responsibility for such indebtedness. However, as IDC and Lyneer were unable to obtain the release of Lyneer from the holders of such indebtedness for accounting purposes, with respect to any of such indebtedness that was not repaid by IDC with the Allocation Agreement not being given effect for accounting purposes and Lyneer will remain jointly and severally liable with IDC to such lenders until such time as such joint and several indebtedness is restructured, at which time IDC will be obligated to repay in full all remaining amounts payable under the Term Note and the Seller Notes and will repay or assume all but approximately 35 million under Revolver. In the event IDC does not repay any of this debt and the Company is required to make payments, IDC will be obligated to repay the Company for the amounts paid on IDC s behalf. Upon the consummation of the Merger, the Company determined that it was no longer probable that IDC would default on its portion of the joint and several obligations and deconsolidated the joint and several debt obligations in the accompanying condensed financial statements. 
 In the Allocation Agreement, IDC and Mr. Gattani have agreed to implement a plan to refinance or otherwise satisfy the joint and several indebtedness. IDC and Mr. Gattani are currently exploring refinancing opportunities with several lenders to address the assumed debt, as well as the IDC portion of the Revolver. However, it is expected that the Company will not be legally released from its joint and several obligations with respect to the indebtedness to be assumed by IDC until payment in full of the Merger Note, which originally matured on September 30, 2024. The maturity date of the Merger Note has been extended to March 31, 2026. The Company has received conditional approval by a new ABL lender and expects to close on a new credit facility by the end of November 2024. One of our current lenders has committed to fund a minimum of 8 million of the IDC shortfall on the Revolver. It is expected that the new credit facility will be supportable by the Company s stand-alone borrowing base, will be on terms similar to those of the existing credit agreement and will provide credit availability to the Company of up to 40,000,000. 
 Cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities (5,558,718) 2,626,303 Net cash used in investing activities (50,372) (76,312) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 5,653,923 (3,077,175) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 44,833 (527,184) 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months September 30, 2023 was lower due to an increase in accounts receivable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities and due to related parties. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to September 30, 2023 and consisted entirely of purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 and consisted of borrowings and payments under the Company s debt arrangements of the Revolver and Seller Notes (as described below). Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares, entered into additional debt obligations, and had a deemed contribution as a result of the Merger. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Revolver 
 The Company currently maintains the Revolver as a co-borrower with IDC with an available borrowing capacity of up to 60,000,000. The facility was partially used to finance the acquisition of Lyneer by IDC in August 2021, with additional borrowing capacity available under the Revolver to finance Lyneer s working capital. All of Lyneer s cash collections and disbursements are currently linked with bank accounts associated with the lender and funded using the Revolver. These borrowings are determined by Lyneer s availability based on a formula of billed and unbilled accounts receivable as defined in the loan agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total balance on the Revolver was 53,337,869 and 90,906,217, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a liability of 42,778,061 and 85,092,695, respectively, and IDC owed the remaining 10,559,808 and 5,813,522, respectively. Total available borrowing capacity on the Revolver as of September 30, 2024 was (11,682,375), net of a 2,000,065 reserve required on the Revolver. The borrowing base calculation is based on Lyneer s eligible assets. 
 Borrowings under the Revolver are classified as SOFR Revolving Credit Loans, SOFR FILO Loans, Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans, Base Rate FILO Loans or Swing-Line Loans (each as defined in the Revolver). Applicable margins for each loan type under the original facility are as follows: 
 Average Availability SOFR Revolving Credit Loans Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans SOFR FILO Loans Base Rate FILO Loans Greater than 83,333,333.33 1.75 0.75 2.75 1.75 Greater than 41,666,666.66 but less than or equal to 83,333,333.33 2.00 1.00 3.00 2.00 Less than 41,666,666.66 2.25 1.25 3.25 2.25 
 Swing Line Loans on the Revolver bear interest at a rate equal to the Base Rate (as defined) plus the applicable margin. 
 On May 5, 2023, Lyneer entered into the Third Amendment to the Revolver. The Third Amendment to the Revolver was treated as a modification based upon Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 Debt . As such, Lyneer is deferring the recognition of the amendment fee and will amortize such fee as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the Revolver, along with any existing unamortized costs, using the effective interest method. The amendment fee was 750,000 (paid by IDC), split evenly between IDC and Lyneer. Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 The Third Amendment increased the applicable margin thresholds for various products as follows: 
 Average Availability SOFR Revolving Credit Loans Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans SOFR FILO Loans Base Rate FILO Loans Greater than 83,333,333.33 2.25 1.25 3.25 2.25 Greater than 41,666,666.66 but less than or equal to 83,333,333.33 2.50 1.50 3.50 2.50 Less than 41,666,666.66 2.75 1.75 3.75 2.75 
 On July 14, 2023, Lyneer received notice from the administrative agent of the lender that Lyneer was in default under the Revolver due to its failure to repay the over-advance on the Revolver. Further, on July 21, 2023, Lyneer received notice from the lender advising Lyneer that it may not make payments on its Term Loan until the over-advance payment default has been cured or waived. 
 On August 31, 2023, Lyneer and IDC entered into the Fourth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement with the lender under the Revolver under which the lender waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through November 17, 2023. The Fourth Amendment and Forbearance Agreement was treated as a debt 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 extinguishment after Lyneer s analysis of ASC 470, and a loss of 189,951 was recorded. The total amendment fee was 1,550,000 and the structuring fee was 100,000, allocated evenly between IDC and Lyneer. This fee will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Fees paid other than to the lenders are expensed as incurred. 
 Lyneer and its lenders did not execute a fifth amendment and forbearance agreement. Instead on January 30, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into a consent and amendment to the forbearance agreement with the lender under the Revolver under which the lender extended its forbearance with respect to all events of default until March 15, 2024, revised certain financial ratio covenants, with March 31, 2024 as the first calculation date for such ratios, and agreed to a revised schedule for the repayment of the over-advance. 
 The January 2024 amendment to the forbearance agreement was treated as a modification after Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, Lyneer is deferring the 750,000 amendment, forbearance and structuring fees, split evenly between IDC and Lyneer, and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 As described above, on April 17, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into an additional amendment to the forbearance agreement with the lender under the Revolver under which the lender waived all then-existing events of default as of the effective date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through July 31, 2024 and eliminated certain financial ratios. The maturity date of the Revolver was accelerated to July 31, 2024 and the available borrowing capacity decreased to 70,000,000 and further decreasing to 40,000,000 upon the consummation of the Merger. Additionally, the sublimit for letters of credit was decreased to 6,000,000, further decreasing to 0 upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 As described above, on June 18, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into an additional amendment to the forbearance agreement with the lender under the Revolver under which the lender waived all then-existing events of default as of the effective date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through July 15, 2024. The maturity date of the Revolver was extended to August 31, 2025 and the available borrowing capacity was decreased to 60,000,000, decreasing to 40,000,000 with the Initial Capital Raise (as defined) and further decreasing upon the Secondary Capital Raise (as defined). The maximum consolidated cash balance at the end of any business day was reduced to 1,000,000. 
 As described above, on August 12, 2024 the Company entered into the Ninth Amendment and with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Revolver through September 30, 2024. The maximum aggregate principal amount of 60,000,000 will be reduced by 500,000 on each Thursday starting August 15, 2024 and continuing through and including September 26, 2024. The Initial Capital Raise milestone was extended to September 15, 2024 with additional milestones including an uplisting milestone date of September 15, 2024. 
 As discussed above, IDC is expected to use a portion of the cash proceeds it receives in the Merger to pay down the Revolver following the closing of the Merger. The Company has received conditional approval by a new ABL lender and expects to close on a new credit facility by the end of November 2024. One of our current lenders has committed to fund a minimum of 8 million of the IDC shortfall on the Revolver 
 Term Note 
 On August 31, 2021, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers entered into a Term Note in the amount of 30,300,000. The proceeds of this loan were primarily used to finance the acquisition of Lyneer by IDC in August 2021. The Term Note matures on February 28, 2026, at which time all outstanding balances are due and payable. There are no scheduled principal payments on the Term Note prior to its maturity date. The Term Note is subordinated to the Revolver and initially bore interest at the stated interest rate of 14 per annum. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Lyneer had recognized liability balances on the Term Note of 0, and 34,223,489, respectively. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 On May 5, 2023, the Term Note was amended to amend the stated interest rate, which may vary between 14 and 16 per annum, with the cash portion of the stated rate varying from 10 to 11 per annum and the Paid-in-Kind PIK portion varying from 4 to 5 per annum, based on specified financial ratios and similar metrics. 
 The May 2023 amendment to the Term Note was treated as a modification pursuant to ASC 470 Debt . As such, Lyneer is deferring recognition of the 100,000 amendment fee and will amortize such fee as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the Term Note, along with any existing unamortized costs, using the effective interest method. IDC paid the 100,000 amendment fee, which is included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of mezzanine capital and members capital (deficit). Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 The Term Note was further amended on June 30, 2023 to defer the July 1, 2023 cash interest payment until August 1, 2023. However, Lyneer did not make this payment when due based upon the notice received from the administrative agent of the lender under the Revolver, which restricted payment on the Term Note as discussed above. 
 On August 4, 2023, Lyneer received a notice from the administrative agent of the Term Note advising Lyneer that it was in default under the loan agreement relating to the Term Note due to non-payment of the August 1, 2023 interest payment and that interest under the Term Note would accrue at the default rate of the stated rate plus 2 per annum. The Term Note contains certain customary financial and non-financial covenants with which Lyneer is required to comply. 
 The Term Note was further amended on August 31, 2023. Pursuant to such agreement, the lender waived all existing events of default as of the date of such amendment and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies through November 17, 2023. This amendment also increased the stated interest rate on the Term Note to 19 per annum and the cash portion of the stated rate increased to 14 per annum, with a default rate equal to the stated rate plus 2 . This amendment was treated as a modification after Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, Lyneer will amortize any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method, as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term. The structuring fee of 32,500 and the total forbearance fee of 325,000 is the responsibility of IDC. These fees were not paid and as such, were added to the principal amount of the Term Note. This amendment had the same contingencies as the forbearance agreement for the Revolver. 
 Lyneer and IDC did not execute a sixth amendment and forbearance agreement. Instead on January 30, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into an amendment to the forbearance agreement with its lender under the Term Note under which the lender agreed, subject to satisfaction of various conditions precedent, to waive all existing events of default under the Term Note as of the date of the amendment and to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default through March 15, 2024. The January 2024 amendment to the forbearance agreement was treated as a modification after Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, Lyneer will amortize any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method, as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term. The structuring fee of 100,000, the forbearance fee of 500,000 and the amendment fee of 150,000 are the responsibility of IDC. These fees were not paid and as such, was added to the principal of the Term Note. Fees paid other than to the lenders are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 As described above, on April 17, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into an additional amendment to the forbearance agreement with its lender under the Term Note under which the lender waived all then-existing events of default under the Term Note and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default through July 31, 2024. IDC has agreed with Lyneer under an Allocation Agreement that IDC will assume all payment obligations under the Term Note. However, it is not expected that Lyneer will be legally released as an obligor under the Term Note until the Merger Note is paid in full and the indebtedness evidenced by the Term Note is restructured. 
 As described above, on June 18, 2024, Lyneer and IDC entered into an additional amendment to the forbearance agreement with its lender under the Term Note under which the lender waived all then-existing events of default under the Term Note and agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default through July 15, 2024. IDC has agreed with Lyneer under an Allocation Agreement that IDC will assume all payment obligations under the Term Note. However, it is not expected that Lyneer will be legally released as an obligor under the Term Note until the Merger Note is paid in full and the indebtedness evidenced by the Term Note is restructured. 
 As described above, on August 12, 2024 the Company entered into the Tenth Amendment and with its lender, under which the lender, waived all existing events of default as of the date of the agreement and agreed to forbear from 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 exercising its rights and remedies with respect to such events of default under the Term Note through September 30, 2024. The Initial Capital Raise milestone was extended to September 15, 2024 with additional milestones including an uplisting milestone date of September 15, 2024. The Company has received conditional approval to extend the current milestone for the Company s Initial Capital Raise to January 30, 2025. 
 Seller Notes 
 As part of the purchase price consideration for the Transaction, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued various Seller Notes to former owners in the aggregate principal amount of 15,750,000. Principal payments on the Seller Notes are due in quarterly instalments of 1,575,000, and 3,150,000 is due at their amended maturity dates of April 30, 2024. The Seller Notes bear interest at an amended fixed rate of 11.25 per annum. The Seller Notes represent unsecured borrowings and are subordinated to the Revolver and to the Term Note. 
 Lyneer had recognized Seller Note liability balances of 0 and 7,875,000 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Lyneer and IDC did not make the principal and interest payments due July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023 on the Seller Notes as payments to any other debt holders was prohibited by the administrative agent of the lender under the Revolver. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the August 31, 2023 forbearance agreements, IDC agreed to use a portion of the Merger Consideration to pay down the Seller Notes upon the consummation of the Merger, following which Lyneer will have no further liability or responsibility for the payment of the Seller Notes. However, under the allocation agreement between IDC and Lyneer, IDC agreed with Lyneer that IDC will assume all payment obligation under the Seller Notes. It is not expected that Lyneer will be released as an obligor under the Seller Notes until the Merger Note is paid in full and the indebtedness evidenced by the Seller Notes is restructured. 
 Earnout Notes 
 As contingent consideration milestones are met in connection with the Transaction Agreement, Lyneer and IDC can elect to pay the milestone payments in cash or to issue notes payable. During 2022, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers have issued nine promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 13,494,133. Payments on each of the Earnout Notes are due in quarterly installments through their amended maturity date of January 31, 2025 and each note bears an amended stated interest rate of 11.25 per annum. On January 16, 2024, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued six notes payable with an aggregate value of 6,941,521. Payments on each of the Earnout Notes are due in quarterly installments through their maturity date of January 16, 2026 and each note bears interest at a rate of 6.25 per annum. The Company missed the March 31, 2024 principal and interest payment and the interest rate increased to the default rate of 11.25 . 
 The Earnout Notes are subordinated to the Revolver and the Term Note and represent unsecured borrowings. 
 The Earnout Note liability was 0 and 13,494,133 at the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Lyneer and IDC did not make the principal and interest payments due July 31, 2023, October 31, 2023, February 28, 2024 and March 31, 2024 on the Earnout Notes as payments to any other debt holders was prohibited by the administrative agent of the lender under the Revolver. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the August 31, 2023 forbearance agreements, IDC agreed to use a portion of the Merger Consideration to pay down the Earnout Notes upon the consummation of the Merger, following which Lyneer will have no further liability or responsibility for the payment of the Earnout Notes. However, under the Allocation Agreement, IDC agreed with Lyneer that IDC will assume all payment obligation under the Earnout Notes. It is not expected that Lyneer will be released as an obligor under the Earnout Notes until the Merger Note is paid in full and the indebtedness is restructured. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 2023 Amendment to Seller and Earnout Notes 
 Lyneer and IDC did not make the principal and interest payments due on the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes during 2023 or the first six months of 2024. On May 14, 2023, Lyneer signed an amendment, dated as of May 11, 2023 (the Omnibus Amendment ), to defer the missed payments under the Seller Notes and Earnout Notes until the amended maturity dates of such notes of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2025, respectively. The Omnibus Amendment changed the interest rate of the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes to 11.25 per annum from 6.25 per annum for all remaining payments. 
 The Omnibus Amendment was treated as a modification based upon Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 Debt . As such, Lyneer is deferring its recognition of the 40,000 amendment fee and will amortize such fee as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining terms of such notes, along with any existing unamortized costs, using the effective interest method. Lyneer paid the 40,000 amendment fee and will be reimbursed from IDC. These fees were included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of mezzanine capital and members capital (deficit) for the year ended June 30, 2023. Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 As described above, on January 16, 2024, Lyneer and IDC signed an amendment to the Omnibus Agreement with the holders of the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes to defer the missed July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023 principal and interest payments, each in the amount of 1,575,000 plus accrued interest, together with the principal payment in the amount of 1,575,000 plus accrued interest that is payable on January 31, 2024, all of which will now be payable on February 28, 2024. Lyneer missed the February 28, 2024 payment and is in default of the Seller Notes and Earnout Notes. 
 The January 2024 Omnibus Amendment was treated as a modification after Lyneer s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, Lyneer is deferring the 19,500 amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term, along with any existing unamortized costs using the effective interest method. Lyneer paid the 19,500 amendment fee and will be reimbursed from IDC. These fees were included in capital contribution on the accompanying consolidated statements of mezzanine capital and members capital (deficit). Fees paid to third parties are expensed as incurred, and no gain or loss was recorded on the modification. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into a secured bridge loan Credit Agreement in the principal amount of 1,950,000 at an interest rate of 5 per annum. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement was originally September 30, 2024. However, mandatory prepayments shall be made from the Initial Capital Raise, on the issuance of new debt or new equity interests, or upon a change of control. 
 On July 22, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to June 18, 2026. 
 Promissory Note 
 From April 29, 2019 to April 29, 2020, the Company entered into a series of non-convertible promissory notes (the Promissory Notes with St. Laurent Investments LLC amounting to 1,375,0000. The Promissory Notes had a one-year term, most recently extended through July 31, 2025 or a later date to be mutually agreed upon. The Promissory Notes bear interest accruing at the rate of 5 per annum, and increased to 10 for the period from August 1, 2024 through July 31, 2025. 
 Merger Note 
 In connection with the closing of the Merger, we issued to IDC the Merger Note in the principal amount of 35,000,000 that originally matured on September 30, 2024. The Merger Note does not bear interest and is not convertible prior to an event of default under the Merger Note. If an event of default should occur under the Merger Note, the Merger Note will bear interest at the rate of 7 per annum commencing upon the date of such event of default and will be convertible into shares of our common stock at a price per share that equals the lowest daily volume weighted average price per share (VWAP) during the five trading days immediately preceding the date on which the applicable conversion notice is delivered to us, but not less than 80 of the price per share in our Initial Capital Raise, 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 provided, however, that the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Merger Note will not exceed 19.99 of the number of our outstanding shares of common stock without shareholder approval if our common stock is then listed on a National Stock Exchange. As we do not believe we will have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to pay the Merger Note in full when due, as well as to restructure our joint and several debt obligations, we believe we will have to sell additional equity or debt securities prior to the maturity date of the Merger Note to pay or refinance the Merger Note when due. However, as Prateek Gattani, our Chairman of the Board following the Merger, is also the Chief Executive Officer and controlling stockholder of IDC, we also believe we will be able to negotiate an extension of the Merger Note if we are unable to pay it in full at maturity. An event of default under the Merger Note may result in an additional event of default under the Revolver and our other indebtedness for borrowed funds. 
 On September 10, 2024 the Company entered into Amendment No 1 to the Convertible Promissory Note Amendment 1 to the Merger Note which extended the maturity date to the earlier of March 31, 2026 or the completion of at least a 40 million capital raise. Amendment 1 to the Merger Note was treated as a modification after the Company s analysis according to ASC 470 and as such, the Company is deferring the 300,000 amendment fee and will amortize as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term using the effective interest method. 
 Interest Expense 
 Total interest expense is comprised of a cash and non-cash component as described in the debt arrangements described above. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 total interest expense totaled 1,472,564 and 10,494,818, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 total interest expense totaled 4,887,247 and 12,610,280, respectively. Total cash paid for interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 1,386,833 and 5,437,928, respectively, and 3,881,382 and 9,021,326 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with the remaining portion of the interest expense as non-cash due to the PIK interest and change in values of the accrued interest liability and amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Assessment of Liquidity Position 
 Lyneer has assessed its liquidity position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total committed resources available were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and Cash Equivalents 1,397,760 1,352,927 Committed Liquidity Resources Available: Short-term Revolving Credit Facility (11,682,375) (22,518,585) Total Committed Resources Available (10,284,615) (21,165,658) 
 As noted above under the caption Liquidity and Capital Resources, pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, following the payment of the Merger Note, Lyneer intends to replace its obligations under the Revolver with a new revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of up to 60,000,000. Lyneer believes the borrowing capacity under such new credit facility, its cash flow from operations and the available net proceeds from the Merger will provide sufficient liquidity and capital resources to conduct its planned operations for at least one year. 
 Refer To Note 3: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Liquidity. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Related Party Transactions 
 Transactions with Lyneer Management Holdings LLC LMH 
 LMH is owned by Lyneer s Chief Financial Officer, James Radvany, and its Chief Executive Officer, Todd McNulty, each of whom owns 44.5 of LMH. On November 15, 2022, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued Year 1 Earnout Notes to LMH with total balances of November 15, 2022. The balance of the Year 1 Earnout Notes payable to LMH was 0 and 5,127,218 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. On January 16, 2024, Lyneer and IDC as co-borrowers issued Year 2 Earnout Notes to LMH with total balances of 2,013,041. The balance of the Year 2 Earnout Notes payable to LMH was 0 for both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The principal balance of the combined Earnout Notes payable to LMH was 0 and 5,127,218 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was included in notes payable, current on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense incurred on the Earnout Notes to LMH totaled 347,766 and 236,457 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Transactions with IDC 
 Lyneer and IDC are co-borrowers and are jointly and severally liable for principal and interest payments under the Revolver, the Term Note, the Seller Notes and the Earnout Notes. In the case of certain of those obligations, IDC generally makes certain interest and principal payments to the lenders and collects reimbursement from Lyneer. When interest or principal payments of that nature are made by IDC, Lyneer recognizes interest expense and a payable to IDC, which is removed from Lyneer s balance sheet upon remittance of the funds to IDC. 
 Lyneer and IDC file consolidated income tax returns in certain states. In connection with this arrangement, Lyneer has recorded a liability payable to IDC for taxes payable by IDC, which represent taxes attributable to Lyneer s operations included on consolidated state and local income tax returns filed by IDC. These amounts are calculated by determining Lyneer s taxable income multiplied by the applicable tax rate. These amounts totaled 543,547 and 522,472 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in due to related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Total amounts payable to IDC, including the above IDC taxes payable, amounted to 2,833,169 and 4,384,178 on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in due to related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. There are no formalized repayment terms. 
 On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into a 35,000,000 Merger Note with IDC. Additionally, IDC was issued 25,423,729 shares of the Company s common stock at a market value of 2.36 per share, or 60,000,000 in the aggregate. The Merger Note was subsequently amended on September 12, 2024, extending the term of the Merger Note extended until the earlier of (a) March 31, 2026; or (b) completion of debt or equity offerings by the Company in which the Company receives gross proceeds of at least forty million 40,000,000) dollars. 
 Advance to Officer 
 The Company advanced 400,000 to Lyneer s Chief Executive Officer in 2022. The advance was settled from a portion of the recapitalization proceeds at the closing of the Merger. This advance is recorded in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company has not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements and does not have any holdings in variable interest entities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of Atlantic s consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts and property and equipment valuation. Management bases its estimates and 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 Management believes the following critical accounting policies, among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company derives its revenues from two service lines: temporary placement services and permanent placement and other services. Revenues are recognized when promised goods or services are delivered to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration with which Lyneer expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC Topic 606 Revenue From Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), the Company performs the following five steps: (i) it identifies the contracts with a customer; (ii) it identifies the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) it determines the transaction price; (iv) it allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) it recognizes revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 
 Temporary Placement Services Revenue 
 Temporary placement services revenue from contracts with customers are recognized in the amount which the Company has a right to invoice when the services are rendered by its engagement professionals. The Company invoices its customers for temporary placement services concurrently with each periodic payroll which coincides with the services provided. While all customers are invoiced weekly and payment terms vary, the majority of our customers have payments terms of 30 days or less. Customers are assessed for credit worthiness upfront through a credit review, which is considered in establishing credit terms for individual customers. Revenues that have been recognized but not invoiced for temporary staffing customers are included in unbilled accounts receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and represent a contract asset under ASC 606. Terms of collection vary based on the customer; however, payment generally is due within 30 days. 
 Most engagement professionals placed on assignment by the Company are legally our employees while they are working on assignments. The Company pays all related costs of employment, including workers compensation insurance, state and federal unemployment taxes, social security, and certain fringe benefits. The Company assumes the risk of acceptability of its employees to its customers. 
 The Company records temporary placement services revenue on a gross basis as a principal, rather than on a net basis as an agent in the presentation of revenues and expenses. The Company has concluded that gross reporting is appropriate because it (i) has the risk of identifying and hiring qualified employees, (ii) has the discretion to select the employees and establish their price and duties, and (iii) bears the risk for services that are not fully paid for by customers. 
 Permanent Placement and Other Services Revenue 
 Permanent placement and other services revenue from contracts with customers are primarily recognized when employment candidates accept offers of permanent employment and begin work for the Company s customers. Certain of the Company s permanent placement contracts contain a 30-day guarantee period. The Company has a substantial history of estimating the financial impact of permanent placement candidates who do not remain with its clients through the 30-day guarantee period. In the event that a candidate voluntarily leaves or is terminated for cause prior to the completion of 30 days of employment, we will provide a replacement candidate at no additional cost, as long as the placement fee is paid within 30 days of the candidate s start date. When required, the Company defers the recognition of revenue until a replacement candidate is found and hired, and any associated collected amount is recorded as a contract liability. Fees to clients are generally calculated as a percentage of the new employee s annual compensation. No fees for permanent placement talent solutions services are charged to employment candidates, regardless of whether the candidate is placed. 
 Contract liabilities are recorded when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance and are reflected in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Intangible Assets 
 The Company s identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 20233 consisted of customer relationships and tradenames and were initially recognized as a result of the Transaction and represent definite lived intangible assets. The Company does not currently have any indefinite lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. 
 In accordance with the accounting standard for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets under ASC 360, our long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable (i.e., information indicates that an impairment might exist). 
 For long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if the carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and fair value. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 no impairments were recognized on our intangible assets. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 The Company assesses, on a quarterly basis, the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realized in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all, or a portion of, deferred tax assets will not be realized. The assessment considers all available positive or negative evidence, including the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, for this reporting period and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that assessment, our management has identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Prior to the Merger, we were a private company and had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel with which to address our internal controls and related procedures. Our management concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, and that material weaknesses existed in the areas of accounting for complex financial transaction or non-routine transactions. We currently consult with third-party experts to overcome this weakness. Additionally, we had a material weakness related to segregation of duties in finance and accounting. Due to our limited accounting and financial reporting personnel, we have ineffective controls over the period end financial disclosure and reporting process. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We have plans to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over the financial reporting process and plan to implement them in the first quarter of 2025. 
 Notwithstanding the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, our management has concluded that our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are fairly stated in all material respects . 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. Atlantic is currently not a party to any material legal proceedings, except as follows. 
 Aguilar, et al v Lyneer Staffing Solutions, et al Docket No. MID-L-3595-21 (Middlesex County Superior Court NJ) 
 On June 16, 2021, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division, Middlesex County. The complaint alleges a former minor employee (who obtained employment by providing false information) was injured on October 15, 2020, at the Co-Defendant s worksite. Mediation was unsuccessful, and the matter is now listed for trial on January 17, 2025. The Company s employer s liability insurance carrier and workers compensation carrier have now issued a reservation of rights and entered an appearance and appointed counsel to defend the Company s interests in the case. A settlement conference was held on August 28, 2024, but was unsuccessful. Trial has been set for this matter to begin on January 27, 2025. 
 
 Item 1a. Risk Factors 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words may, might, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, objective, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project, potential, continue and ongoing, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance or condition and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to differ materially from results expressed or implied in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding the market size and growth potential for our business; 
 our ability to refinance our outstanding indebtedness in a timely manner to avoid a future default; 
 our ability to generate sustained revenue or achieve profitability; 
 the pricing and expected gross margin for our services; 
 the expected benefits and synergies of the Merger; 
 the expected financial condition, results of operations, earnings outlook and prospects of our Company, Lyneer and the combined company, including any projections of sales, earnings, revenue, margins or other financial items; 
 the ability of the new management team to execute our business plan; 
 our s and Lyneer s business strategies and goals; 
 any statements regarding the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; 
 any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; 
 all assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events; 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 changes in applicable laws, regulations or permits affecting our, Atlantic s or Lyneer s operations or the industries in which each appears; 
 general economic and geopolitical conditions; 
 our competitive position; and 
 our estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for, or ability to obtain, additional financing as necessary. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents incorporated herein by reference are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on our business. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting our business will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the caption Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and under similar headings in the documents that are incorporated by reference herein. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. 
 New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the effect of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made by us in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents incorporated herein by reference speak only as of the date of such statement. Except to the extent required under the federal securities laws and rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there is no assurance that the events or results suggested by the forward-looking statements will in fact occur, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures we make in the documents that we file with the SEC. 
 You should carefully consider the following risks in evaluating us and our business as well as the risks set forth in our Form 8-K for the Merger filed with the SEC on June 25, 2024. You should also refer to the other information set forth in this report, including the information set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as well as in our consolidated financial statements the related notes. Our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by any of the following risks. 
 Risks Related to Lyneer s Business 
 While Lyneer s historical financial statements report net losses primarily as a result of its accounting for its acquisition by IDC in August 2021 and in 2024 for transaction costs in connection with the Merger, there can be no assurance of profitability post-Merger. 
 Atlantic has reported a net loss of 66,828,192 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and net losses of 15,252,020 and 3,221,058 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The consolidated financial statements of Lyneer since August 31, 2021 reflect the post-acquisition activity of Lyneer since its acquisition by IDC. The loss for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, resulted primarily from: (i) selling, general and administrative costs of 46,045,754 due primarily to higher transaction costs related to the Merger, (ii) 43,000,000 of stock based compensation paid to the stockholders of Atlantic Acquisition Corp. for advisory services in connection with the Merger and (iii) 15,893,220 related to a potential settlement for legacy stockholders and stock compensation expense related to third parties as advisors to the Company. There can be no assurance that Lyneer will operate profitably in the future. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Lyneer has a significant amount of debt obligations and its failure to restructure or pay such obligations when due could have a material adverse impact on Lyneer s financial condition and long-term viability. 
 In addition to the Merger Note to IDC, in the principal amount of 35 million, at the closing of the Merger, Lyneer s existing debt obligations currently include all of the debt obligations of IDC as a co-borrower as all of the loan arrangements entered into by Lyneer and IDC provide that such parties are jointly and severally liable for the full amount of the indebtedness. While Lyneer is legally jointly and severally liable for IDC s debt obligations, as of the date of the Merger, the Company deconsolidated its joint and several debt obligations as it is reasonably probable that IDC has the ability to repay their portion. At September 30, 2024, such indebtedness totaled approximately 104,045,357. The joint indebtedness of Lyneer and IDC is made up of a revolving credit facility and a term loan from their senior lenders and promissory notes that are payable to the two prior owners of Lyneer. Currently, and until such obligations are either repaid in full or restructured by the lenders to release Lyneer as an obligor on such indebtedness, if IDC cannot, or does not, repay any portion of the debt owed by IDC, Lyneer could be responsible for repaying all of the outstanding obligations and Lyneer s current operations are not expected to be sufficient to make all of the necessary payments. Pursuant to an Allocation Agreement dated as of December 31, 2023, IDC agreed with Lyneer to assume responsibility for all payments under the term loan and the promissory notes payable to the two prior owners of Lyneer (the Assumed Debt ), and all but 42,778,061 that was outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2024. However, until such time as Lyneer s joint and several debt obligations are restructured, the agreement of IDC to assume all but Lyneer s 42,778,061 of the joint indebtedness is being given effect solely for accounting purposes, although Lyneer will remain a joint and several obligor on such indebtedness and will be obligated to pay such indebtedness if IDC does not do so. 
 In addition, under the Allocation Agreement, IDC and Prateek Gattani, IDC s Chief Executive Officer and our Chairman of the Board, have agreed for IDC to work with Lyneer to implement a plan to refinance or otherwise satisfy the Assumed Debt and to restructure their revolving credit facility with current credit availability of up to 60,000,000 for which Lyneer is currently jointly and severally liable with IDC so that Lyneer will be obligated for only its portion under the facility. Lyneer intends to enter into a new revolving credit facility with its current lender or a new lender that will be supportable by Lyneer s stand-alone borrowing base and is expected to be on terms similar to those of the existing agreement. It is contemplated that the new credit facility will provide credit availability to Lyneer of up to 60,000,000 and will replace Lyneer s remaining obligations under the existing revolving credit facility. However, there can be no assurance that Lyneer will be able to support its continuing indebtedness, to generate revenues sufficient in amount to enable us to pay our indebtedness under the Merger Note, or to repay or refinance any such indebtedness when due. Lyneer s failure to comply with its obligations under its existing indebtedness following the Merger, or to repay or refinance such indebtedness when due, including our indebtedness under the Merger Note, would likely have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and long-term viability. 
 Lyneer will remain jointly and severally liable for the Assumed Debt until such indebtedness is restructured to remove Lyneer as an obligor or such indebtedness is paid in full. 
 As described in the previous risk factor, notwithstanding the deconsolidation of debt for accounting purposes, Lyneer will remain legally jointly and severally liable as a co-borrower with IDC on all loan arrangements for which they are now jointly liable until such time as such loan arrangements are restructured or paid in full. The assets of Lyneer have been pledged to the senior lender under the revolving credit facility and, in connection with the closing of the Merger, were pledged to the lender under the term loan our equity interests in Lyneer, our sole operating subsidiary, as collateral for the repayment of such loan. In the event Lyneer or IDC is unable to restructure or repay their joint and several indebtedness by September 30, 2024, or there occurs any other event of default under the revolving credit facility or the term loan, including, but not limited to, completion of an Initial Capital Raise (as defined) by September 15, 2024, the lenders under the revolving credit facility and the term loan will be able to foreclose upon the equity and assets of Lyneer, which could result in a loss of your investment. As of November 14, 2024, the September 15th and 30th dates have passed without being fulfilled; however, the respective lenders are working with Lyneer and have given no indication that they intend to default Lyneer. Notwithstanding the fact that IDC and Prateek Gattani have agreed to repay the joint and several indebtedness under the Allocation Agreement, in the event that IDC cannot or will not repay any of such indebtedness, Lyneer may be required to make such payments. In such event, IDC would then be required to repay Lyneer for the amounts paid on IDC s behalf. The failure of IDC to either restructure the existing joint and several obligations to remove Lyneer as a co-borrower and/or to repay the joint and several indebtedness could have a material adverse impact on Lyneer s financial condition and its long-term viability and the market price of our common stock and there is no guarantee that the lenders will continue to work with the Company amicably. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Lyneer has been in default under its principal credit facilities and outstanding promissory notes and any additional or future defaults by Lyneer under its credit facilities could have a material adverse impact on Lyneer s financial condition and long-term viability. 
 Lyneer has entered into several debt facilities under which it is jointly and severally liable for repayment with IDC. Lyneer was not in compliance with all of its covenants under its revolving credit facility as of June 30, 2023. Since July 2023, Lyneer has entered into forbearance agreements with its lenders pursuant to which it received waivers of its exiting events of default. 
 On August 12, 2024, IDC and Lyneer entered into new limited consent and forbearance agreements with the lenders under which the lenders agreed, to waive all existing events of default and to forbear from exercising their rights and remedies and any Initial Capital Raise with respect to such events of default through September 30, 2024. However, if we are unable to complete an Initial Capital Raise of at least 20 million prior to September 15, 2024, or there occurs any other event of default under the revolving credit facility or the term loan, IDC and Lyneer will again be in default under their revolving credit facility and the note obligations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on Lyneer s financial condition and long-term viability. As of November 14, 2024, the September 15th and 30th dates have passed without being fulfilled; however, the respective lenders are working with Lyneer and have given no indication that they intend to default Lyneer. Even if IDC pays in full the term loan and the promissory notes payable to the prior sellers of Lyneer and Lyneer is successful in restructuring its obligations under the revolving credit facilities, there can be no assurance that all conditions subsequent will be satisfied and that Lyneer will be able to comply with all of its obligations under such credit facilities. Any failure on the part of Lyneer to comply with its obligations under the credit facilities could result in a default which would be expected to have a material adverse impact on Lyneer s financial condition and its long-term viability and there is no guarantee that the lenders will continue to work with Lyneer amicably. See Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 General Risks Affecting Our Business 
 We will be required to raise additional funds prior to the maturity date of the Merger Note to repay such note and our other outstanding indebtedness and to support our future capital needs. 
 We believe our cash on hand and cash generated from operations, will not be sufficient to pay the Merger Note and our other outstanding indebtedness in full when due and to fund our ongoing operations. As stated above, Lyneer has been in default under its principal credit facilities and outstanding promissory notes and any future defaults by Lyneer under its credit facilities could have a material adverse impact on Lyneer s financial condition and long-term viability. Under the forbearance agreements dated August 12, 2024, we are required to seek at least 20 million future financing prior to September 15, 2024, and on or before September 30, 2024, to restructure the outstanding indebtedness that is the subject of such forbearance agreements. In addition, we are required to seek additional financing prior to September 30, 2024, the original maturity date of the Merger Note, to repay the Merger Note when due. Thereafter, we will be required to seek financing to pay or refinance our other outstanding indebtedness. As of November 14, 2024, the September 15th and 30th dates have passed without being fulfilled; however, the respective lenders are working with Lyneer and have given no indication that they intend to default Lyneer; however, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to work with Lyneer amicably. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional funds on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment, among other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Future debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any debt or equity financing may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of those securities could result in substantial dilution for our current stockholders. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then-outstanding. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining personnel, option or warrant exercises, future acquisitions or future placements of our securities for capital-raising or other business purposes. The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 price of our common stock to decline further and existing stockholders may not agree with our financing plans or the terms of such financings. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition. 
 Furthermore, any additional debt or equity financing that we may need may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain such additional financing on a timely basis, we may have to curtail our development activities and growth plans and/or be forced to sell assets, perhaps on unfavorable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we ultimately could be forced to discontinue our operations and liquidate, in which event it is unlikely that stockholders would receive any distribution on their shares. Further, we may not be able to continue operating if we do not generate sufficient revenues from operations needed to stay in business. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 An aggregate of 48,728,813 restricted shares of common stock were issued on June 18, 2024 in connection with the Merger and reported on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 . 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of June 4, 2024 (1) 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of June 12, 2024 (2) 
 2.3 Certificate of Merger of Atlantic Merger LLC with and into Lyneer Investments LLC (3) 
 2.4 Certificate of Merger of SeqLL Merger LLC with and into Lyneer Investments LLC (3) 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SeqLL Inc. (2) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(1) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(1) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 9006 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 9006 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101 Interactive data files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Filed with this Report. 
 Schedules, exhibits and similar supporting attachments to this exhibit are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Issuer s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2024. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Issuer s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2024. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Issuer s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2024. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Atlantic International Corp. Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ Chris Broderick Chris Broderick Chief Financial Officer 
 
 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 aic-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeffrey Jagid, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Atlantic International Corp, for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Atlantic International Corp Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Jeffrey Jagid Jeffrey Jagid Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 aic-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Christopher Broderick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Atlantic International Corp , for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Atlantic International Corp Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Christopher Broderick Christopher Broderick Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 aic-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Atlantic International Corp (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Atlantic International Corp Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Jeffrey Jagid Jeffrey Jagid Principal Executive Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Atlantic International Corp and will be retained by Atlantic International Corp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 aic-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Atlantic International Corp (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Atlantic International Corp Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Christopher Broderick Christopher Broderick Principal Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Atlantic International Corp and will be retained by Atlantic International Corp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 altn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 altn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 altn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 altn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 altn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

