<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1499832_0001499832-24-000130.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8840819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106363</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1405045</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3266153</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2090219</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1781508</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001499832-24-000130.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107060531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001499832-24-000130
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Townsquare Media, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001499832
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				271996555
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36558
		FILM NUMBER:		241432887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD, SUITE 202
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-861-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD, SUITE 202
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Townsquare Media, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001499832-24-000130.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 tsq-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tsq-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to ______ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had 15,547,213 outstanding shares of common stock consisting of: (i) shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share and (ii) shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share; and (iii) shares of Class C common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 
 INDEX PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 3 1, 202 3 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 

1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Investments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Restricted cash Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Deferred revenue 
 Accrued compensation and benefits 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Accrued interest Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of deferred finance costs of and , respectively 
 Deferred tax liability Operating lease liability, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class C common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Total common stock Treasury stock, at cost; and shares of Class A common stock, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Operating costs and expenses: Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Stock-based compensation Transaction and business realignment costs Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets 
 Net gain on sale and retirement of assets ) ) ) ) Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Other expense (income): Interest expense, net Gain on repurchases of debt ) ) ) ) Other income, net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from operations before tax ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to: Controlling interests ) ) ) Non-controlling interests Basic income (loss) per share ) ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Shares of Common Stock Treasury Stock Class A Class B Class C Class A Shares Shares Shares Shares Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Conversion of common shares (1) 
 ) Settlement of options (2) 
 ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Treasury stock acquired at cost (3) 
 ) ) Common stock issued under exercise of stock options ESPP shares issued Issuance of restricted stock (4) 
 ) Shares withheld to satisfy tax withholdings ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Repurchase of stock (5) 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired at cost (3) 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock (4) 
 ) Cash distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Conversion of common shares (1) 
 ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired at cost (3) 
 ) ) ESPP shares issued Issuance of restricted stock (4) 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (1) million shares into an equal number of Class A Common Stock. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, direct holders of Class A Common Stock converted approximately million shares into an equal number of Class C Common Stock. Except as expressly provided in our certificate of incorporation, the Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock have equal economic rights and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters. Class C common stock is not redeemable, but is convertible :1 (including automatically upon certain transfers) into Class A common stock. 
 (2) 
 (3) million of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common stock over a period, the "2021 Stock Repurchase Plan." Refer to Note 9, Stockholders' Equity , in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the stock repurchases. 
 4 

(4) 
 (5) million shares of the Company s Class A common stock. For further discussion on the repurchase, see Note 9, 

Shares of Common Stock Treasury Stock Class A Class B Class C Class A Shares Shares Shares Shares Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net (loss) income ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under exercise of stock options ESPP shares issued Issuance of restricted stock ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net (loss) income ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired at cost (3) 
 ) ) Cash distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under exercise of stock options Issuance of restricted stock ESPP shares issued Treasury stock acquired at cost (3) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in Thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Non-cash lease (income) expense ) Net deferred taxes and other Allowance for credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Gain on repurchases of debt ) ) Trade and barter activity, net ) ) Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets Realized gain on sale of digital assets ) Gain on sale of investment ) ) Unrealized gain on investment ) Amortization of content rights Change in content rights liabilities ) ) Reimbursement of equipment modification costs ) Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Accrued interest ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of digital assets Proceeds from insurance recoveries Proceeds from sale of assets and investment related transactions Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of 2026 Notes ) ) Dividend payments ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Shares withheld in lieu of employee tax withholding ) Withholdings for shares issued under the ESPP Repurchases of stock ) ) Cash distribution to non-controlling interests ) ) Repayments of capitalized obligations ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Beginning of period End of period 
 See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (in Thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash payments: 
 Interest Income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Activities: Dividends declared, but not paid during the period Property and equipment acquired in exchange for advertising (1) 
 Accrued capital expenditures Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information relating to Leases: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities, included in operating cash flows 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 
 (1) 

See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 7 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 local news and entertainment websites and mobile apps along with a network of leading national music and entertainment brands, collecting valuable first party data and b) a proprietary digital programmatic advertising technology stack with an in-house demand and data management platform; and a portfolio of local terrestrial radio stations in U.S. markets strategically situated outside the Top 50 markets in the United States. Our portfolio includes local media brands such as WYRK.com , WJON.com and NJ101.5.com , and premier national music brands such as XXLmag.com , TasteofCountry.com , UltimateClassicRock.com , and Loudwire.com . 
 
 Current economic challenges, including high and sustained inflation and interest rates have caused and could continue to cause economic uncertainty and volatility. These factors could result in advertising and subscription digital marketing solutions cancellations, declines in the purchase of new advertising by our clients, declines in the addition of new digital marketing solutions subscribers, and increases to our operating expenses. We monitor economic conditions closely, and in response to observed or anticipated reductions in revenue, we may institute precautionary measures to address the potential impact to our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, and liquidity, including wage reduction efforts and controlling non-essential capital expenditures. 
 
 The extent of the impact of current economic conditions will depend on future actions and outcomes, all of which remain fluid and cannot be predicted with confidence (including effects on advertising activity, consumer discretionary spending and our employees in the markets in which we operate). 

8 

Actual amounts and results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 

9 

Political Net Revenue 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions Digital Advertising Broadcast Advertising Other Total Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions Digital Advertising Broadcast Advertising Other Total Net Revenue (ex Political) Political Net Revenue 
 
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized as an obligation until the terms of a customer contract are satisfied; this occurs with the transfer of control as we satisfy contractual performance obligations. Our contractual performance obligations include the performance of digital marketing solutions, placement of internet-based advertising campaigns, broadcast of commercials on our owned and operated radio stations, and the operation of live events. Revenue is measured at contract inception as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Our contracts are at a fixed price at inception and do not include any variable consideration or financing components by normal course of business practice. Sales, value add, and other taxes that are collected concurrently with revenue producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 
 The primary sources of net revenue are the sale of digital and broadcast advertising solutions on our owned and operated websites, radio stations online streams, and mobile applications, radio stations, and on third-party websites through our in-house digital programmatic advertising platform. Through our digital programmatic advertising platform, we are able to hyper-target audiences for our local, regional and national advertisers by combining first and third-party audience and geographic location data, providing them the ability to reach a high percentage of their online audience. We deliver these solutions across desktop, mobile, connected TV, email, paid search and social media platforms utilizing display, video and native executions. We also offer subscription digital marketing solutions under the brand name Townsquare Interactive to small and mid-sized local and regional businesses in markets outside the top 50 across the United States, including the markets in which we operate radio stations. Townsquare Interactive offers traditional and mobile-enabled website development and hosting services, e-commerce platforms, search engine and online directory optimization services, online reputation monitoring, social media management, and website retargeting. 
 
 - days for traditional customer contracts and net - days for national agency customer contracts. Our billing practice is to invoice customers on a monthly basis for services delivered to date (representing the right to invoice). Our contractual arrangements do not include rights of return and do not include any significant judgments by nature of the products and services. 
 
 For all customer contracts, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenue on a gross basis) or the agent (i.e., report revenue on a net basis). Generally, we report revenue for advertising placed on Townsquare properties on a gross basis (the amount billed to our customers is recorded as revenue, and the amount paid to our publishers is recorded as a cost of revenue). We are the principal because we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. 
 10 

Short-term contract liabilities (deferred revenue) Contract Acquisition Costs 
 
 We receive payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules; contract receivables are recognized in the period the Company provides services when the Company s right to consideration is unconditional. Payment terms vary by the type and location of our customer and the products or services offered. Payment terms for amounts invoiced are typically net - days. 
 
 Our contract liabilities include cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations and digital subscriptions in which payment is received in advance of the service and month. These contract liabilities are recognized as revenue as the related performance obligations are satisfied. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the balance in the contract liabilities was million and million, respectively. The increase in the contract liabilities balance at September 30, 2024 is primarily driven by cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, offset by million and million of recognized revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million of revenue that was previously included in our deferred revenue balance. No significant changes in the time frame of the satisfaction of contract liabilities have occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our capitalized contract acquisition costs include amounts related to sales commissions paid for signed contracts with perceived durations exceeding one year. We defer the related sales commission costs and amortize such costs to expense in a manner that is consistent with how the related revenue is recognized over the duration of the related contracts. We have evaluated the average customer contract duration (initial term and any renewals) to determine the appropriate amortization period for these contractual arrangements. Capitalized contract acquisition costs are recognized in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had a balance of million and million, respectively, in capitalized contract acquisition costs and recognized million and million of amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million of amortization, respectively. impairment losses have been recognized or changes made to the time frame for performance of the obligations related to deferred contract assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

11 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses, which represents the portion of accounts receivable that is not expected to be collected over the duration of its contractual life. Credit losses are recorded when the Company believes a customer, or group of customers, may not be able to meet their financial obligations. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. 
 
 Provision for credit losses Amounts written off against allowance, net of recoveries ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

Note 4. 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements 
 Broadcast equipment 
 Computer and office equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Transportation equipment 
 Software development costs 
 Total property and equipment, gross 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million in impairment charges related to ROU assets associated with tower and land leases in local markets and a million impairment charge related to the pending sale of a station in Trenton, NJ. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a total of million in gains on the sale of buildings and land in the Bozeman, MT, and Yakima, WA, markets respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company recognized million in impairment charges related to the sale of land and buildings in Battle Creek, MI and a total of million in impairment charges to right of use assets associated with the abandonment of leased office space in Purchase and Binghamton, NY. 
 12 

material right of use assets related to its finance leases as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Note 5. 
 
 . The fair value of FCC licenses is primarily dependent on the future cash flows of the radio markets and other assumptions, including, but not limited to, forecasted revenue growth rates, profit margins and a risk-adjusted discount rate. The Company has selected December 31 st as the annual testing date. 
 
 The Company evaluates its FCC licenses for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. Due to changes in the weighted average cost of capital and changes in forecasted traditional broadcast revenues in the markets in which we operate, the Company quantitatively evaluated the fair value of its FCC licenses at September 30, June 30, and March 31, 2024. 
 
 Long-term Revenue Growth Rate ) Low High Mature Market Share Operating Profit Margin 
 
 June 30, 2024 Discount Rate Long-term Revenue Growth Rate Low High Mature Market Share Operating Profit Margin 
 
 March 31, 2024 Discount Rate Long-term Revenue Growth Rate Low High Mature Market Share Operating Profit Margin 
 Market share assumption used when reliable third-party data is available. Otherwise, Company results and forecasts are utilized. 
 
 13 

million of impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, for FCC licenses in of our local markets. The impairment charges were primarily driven by increases in the discount rate applied in the valuation of our FCC licenses due to an increase in the weighted average cost of capital for the respective periods and decreases in third-party forecasts of broadcast revenues. The increases in the weighted average cost of capital were driven by changes in the market data, specifically industry bond yields, utilized in determining the discount rate applied in the valuation of our FCC licenses. The Company recorded an impairment charge of million and million for FCC licenses in and of our local markets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in key assumptions utilized in the impairment assessment of our FCC licenses may affect future testing results. For example, keeping all other assumptions constant, a -basis point increase in the weighted average cost of capital as of the date of our last quantitative assessment would cause the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses to decrease by million which would have resulted in an impairment charge of million as of September 30, 2024. Further, a -basis point decline in the long-term revenue growth rate would cause the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses to further decrease by million which would have resulted in an impairment charge of million as of September 30, 2024. Finally, a -basis point decline in operating profit margins would result in a decrease in the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses of million which would result in an impairment charge of million. 
 
 Assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our FCC licenses are also dependent upon the expected performance and growth of our traditional broadcast radio operations. In the event broadcast radio revenue experiences actual or anticipated declines, such declines will have a negative impact on the estimated fair value of our FCC licenses, and the Company could recognize additional impairment charges, which could be material. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 For goodwill impairment testing, the Company has selected December 31 st as the annual testing date. I n addition to the annual impairment test, the Company regularly assesses whether a triggering event has occurred, which would require interim impairment testing. As of December 31, 2023, the fair values of our National Digital, Townsquare Ignite, Analytical Services, and Townsquare Interactive reporting units were in excess of their respective carrying values by approximately , , , and , respectively. The Local Advertising and Amped reporting units had goodwill as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company considered whether any events have occurred or circumstances have changed from the last quantitative analysis performed as of December 31, 2023 that would indicate that the fair value of the Company's reporting units may be below their carrying amounts. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the Live Events reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the National Digital and Live Events reporting units exceeded their fair values, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charges of million and million, respectively. In total, the company recorded million of non-cash goodwill impairment charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interim impairment assessments were considered necessary as a result of declines in revenues and profit and increases in the weighted average cost of capital. The Company did not identify indicators of impairment related to any other reporting units that would have required an interim impairment assessment during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Local Advertising, Amped, and Live Events reporting units had goodwill as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The fair value of the Live Events reporting unit was determined using an income approach whereby the fair value was calculated utilizing discounted estimated future cash flows. The income approach requires several assumptions including future sales growth, EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) margins, and capital expenditures and discount rates which are the basis for the information used in the discounted cash flow model. The weighted-average cost of capital used in testing the Live Events reporting unit for impairment was , with a perpetual growth rate of . 
 
 14 

Impairment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Digital Assets 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company invested an aggregate of million in digital assets. They were accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, included as a component of intangible assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Any decrease in the digital assets' fair values below our carrying values at any time subsequent to acquisition was recognized as an impairment charge. No upward revisions for any market price increases were recognized. 
 
 In early March 2023, the Company sold its digital assets with a carrying value of million, recognizing a gain on the sale of million, which was included as a component of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets 
 
 The Company s definite-lived intangible assets were acquired primarily in various acquisitions as well as in connection with the acquisition of software and music licenses. 
 
 Content rights and other intangible assets - 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 Weighted Average Useful Life (in Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Intangible Assets: FCC licenses 
 Indefinite Content rights and other intangible assets - 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 15 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

Note 6. 
 
 million and million of impairment charges for existing investments, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million of impairment charges for existing investments, respectively. The impairment charges were based on the implied fair values of the investees, as the Company became aware of objective evidence to indicate that the fair value of the investments were below their carrying amounts. 
 
 In February of 2024, one of the Company s investees announced the completion of its acquisition in a private transaction. The Company recognized a million gain on the transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, based on total cash consideration received in the amount of million. On April 12, 2023, of the Company's investees was acquired as a result of a private transaction. The Company recognized a million gain on the transaction, based on total consideration received in the amount of million. 
 
 Equity securities measured at fair value 
 
 On July 2, 2021, one of the Company's investees completed its registration with the SEC and became a publicly traded company. During the three months ended September 2024, the company sold the investment for million, recognizing an immaterial gain on sale. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a total unrealized net gain of million as a result of changes in the fair value of the investee's common stock during the period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an unrealized loss of million and million, respectively, as a result of changes in the fair value of the investee's common stock. 
 
 Unrealized gains and losses are included as a component of other expense (income) on the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. The market price of the investee's common stock is categorized as Level 1 within the ASC 820 framework. 
 
 16 

Note 7. 
 
 Deferred financing costs ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company voluntarily repurchased an aggregate million and million principal amount of its 2026 Notes below par, plus accrued interest, respectively. The Company wrote-off approximately million and million of unamortized deferred financing costs, recognizing immaterial net gains for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The repurchased notes were canceled by the Company. 
 
 The 2026 Notes indenture contains certain covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to; incur additional indebtedness, declare or pay dividends, redeem stock, transfer or sell assets, make investments or agree to certain restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make payments to the Company. Certain of these covenants will be suspended if the 2026 Notes are assigned an investment grade rating by Standard Poor s Investors Ratings Services, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, Inc. and no event of default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with its covenants under the 2026 Notes indenture as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, based on available market information, the estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes was million. The Company used Level 2 measurements under the fair value measurement hierarchy established under Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820). 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

Note 8. 
 
 and , respectively. The Company's effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately and , respectively. 
 
 The change in the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, is driven by the valuation allowance for interest expense carryforwards resulting from non-cash impairment charges and an increase in certain non-deductible compensation costs recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period, and can be influenced by many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to the statutory rates in the jurisdictions where the Company has operations and changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily relates to certain non-deductible items, state and local income taxes and the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 
 
 17 

Note 9. 
 
 options to purchase shares of Townsquare common stock. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted options with grant date fair values ranging from to and vesting periods from three to , each with terms. The Company also granted options with grant date fair values of to , respectively. 

No portion of the grants will vest unless the VWAP targets are achieved during the respective performance periods. 
 
 The grant date fair value of stock options with market conditions is estimated using the Monte Carlo option pricing model, while stock options containing only service conditions is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Each model requires an estimate of the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the Company s common stock price, dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. 
 
 - 
 Expected term years - years 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield - 

For options only containing service conditions, the expected term was calculated using the simplified method, defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each award, due to the lack of sufficient and meaningful historical exercise data. For options with market-based conditions, the expected term was estimated based on when the options are expected to be exercised. The expected volatility was based on market conditions of the Company. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. 
 
 18 

Granted - service conditions Granted - market conditions Exercised ) Settled ) Forfeited and expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The maximum contractual term of stock options is years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted shares, including shares to non-employee directors, with vesting periods of one to . The fair value of the restricted stock awards is equal to the closing share price on the date of grant. 
 
 Shares granted Shares vested ) Non-vested balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Shares granted - service conditions Shares granted - market conditions Shares vested ) Non-vested balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 The Company did t grant any stock units during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 19 

shares of Class A common stock were issued under the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense with respect to options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and the ESPP. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense with respect to options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and the ESPP. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to our stock options and restricted stock was million and million, respectively, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 
 Dividends Declared 
 
 On July 22, 2024 the board of directors approved a dividend of per share. The dividend of million was paid to holders of record as of October 15, 2024 on November 1, 2024. 
 
 On October 28, 2024 the board of directors approved a dividend of per share. The dividend will be paid to holders of record as of January 21 2025, on February 1, 2025. 
 
 Stock Repurchase 
 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of the Company s Class A common stock from MSG National Properties, LLC MSG for total consideration in the aggregate amount of million, or per share. The shares were retired upon repurchase. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 
 On December 16, 2021, the board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to million of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common stock over a period (the "2021 Stock Repurchase Plan"). Repurchases of common stock under the repurchase plan may be made, from time to time, in amounts and at prices the Company deems appropriate, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, debt covenants and other considerations. Any such repurchases may be executed using open market purchases, privately negotiated agreements or other transactions, and may be funded from cash on hand, available borrowings or proceeds from potential debt or other capital markets sources. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 a total of shares of Class A common stock were repurchased. As of September 30, 2024, a total of shares were repurchased under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Option Settlement 
 
 In late March of 2024, the Company launched a program that offered certain holders a cash settlement of options that were granted in July 2014 following the completion of the Company's initial public offering. These options were approaching their expiration date in July 2024. The cash settlement amount to be paid to each holder was indexed to the closing price of the Company's Class A common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange consolidated tape, as of the date prior to each respective cash settlement election date, less the respective option exercise price. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of million was paid in connection with the cash settlement of million options. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of million of expense was recognized as a component of stock-based compensation in connection with the cash settlement of the options. 
 
 20 

million and million of expense was recognized as a component of stock-based compensation in connection with the stock bonus program. 
 21 

Note 10. 
 
 ) ) ) Net income from non-controlling interest Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Basic income (loss) per share ) ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share ) ) ) 
 
 The Company had the following dilutive securities that were not included in the computation of diluted net (loss) income per share as they were considered anti-dilutive (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Stock options Stock options with unsatisfied market conditions Restricted stock units Restricted stock units with unsatisfied market conditions Restricted stock awards Shares expected to be issued under stock bonus program Shares expected to be issued under the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 22 

Note 11. 

Note 12. 
 
 segments: Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions, Digital Advertising and Broadcast Advertising. The remainder of our business is reported in the Other category. 
 
 The Company operates in geographic area. The Company's assets and liabilities are managed within markets outside the top 50 across the United States where the Company conducts its business and are reported internally in the same manner as the Consolidated Financial Statements; thus, no additional information regarding assets and liabilities of the Company s reportable segments is produced for the Company's CEO or included in these Consolidated Financial Statements. Intangible assets consist principally of FCC broadcast licenses and other definite-lived intangible assets and primarily support the Company s Broadcast Advertising segment. For further information see Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . The Company does not have any material inter-segment sales. 
 
 The Company's management evaluates segment operating income (loss), which excludes unallocated corporate expenses and the impact of certain items that are not directly attributable to the reportable segments' underlying operating performance, and primarily includes expenses related to corporate stewardship and administration activities, transaction related costs and non-cash impairment charges. 
 
 Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Stock-based compensation Transaction and business realignment costs Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets 
 Net gain on sale and retirement of assets ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) 
 
 23 

Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Stock-based compensation Transaction and business realignment costs Impairment of intangible assets, investments and long-lived assets 
 Net gain on sale and retirement of assets ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) ) ) 

Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Stock-based compensation Transaction and business realignment costs Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets 
 Net gain on sale and retirement of assets ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) 

24 

Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Corporate expenses Stock-based compensation Transaction and business realignment costs Impairment of intangible assets, investments and long-lived assets 
 Net gain on sale and retirement of assets ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 25 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with an overall understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and sources and uses of cash. This section also includes general information about our business and a discussion of our management s analysis of certain trends, risks and opportunities in our industry. In addition, we also provide a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report. 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Forward-looking statements often discuss our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as aim, anticipate, estimate, expect, forecast, outlook, potential, project, projection, plan, intend, seek, believe, may, could, would, will, should, can, can have, likely, the negatives thereof and other words and terms. Actual events or results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include the impact of general economic conditions in the United States, or in the specific markets in which we currently do business including supply chain disruptions, inflation, labor shortages and the effect on advertising activity, industry conditions, including existing competition and future competitive technologies, the popularity of radio as a broadcasting and advertising medium, cancellations, disruptions or postponements of advertising schedules in response to national or world events, our ability to develop and maintain digital technologies and hire and retain technical and sales talent, our dependence on key personnel, our capital expenditure requirements, our continued ability to identify suitable acquisition targets, and consummate and integrate any future acquisitions, legislative or regulatory requirements, risks and uncertainties relating to our leverage and changes in interest rates, our ability to obtain financing at times, in amounts and at rates considered appropriate by us, our ability to access the capital markets as and when needed and on terms that we consider favorable to us and other factors discussed in this section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report and under Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. The cautionary statements referred to in this section also should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that may be issued by us or persons acting on our behalf. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof or as of the date specified herein. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Format of Presentation 
 
 T ownsquare is a community-focused digital media and subscription digital marketing solutions company with market leading local radio stations, principally focused outside the top 50 markets in the United States. Our integrated and diversified products and solutions enable local, regional and national advertisers to target audiences across multiple platforms, including digital, mobile, social, video, streaming, e-commerce, radio and events. Our assets include a subscription digital marketing solutions business Townsquare Interactive ), providing a business management platform, website design, creation and hosting, search engine optimization, social platforms and online reputation management as well as other monthly digital services for small to medium sized businesses; a robust digital advertising division Townsquare Ignite, or Ignite ), a powerful combination of a) an owned and operated portfolio of more than 400 local news and entertainment websites and mobile apps along with a network of leading national music and entertainment brands, collecting valuable first party data and b) a proprietary digital programmatic advertising technology stack with an in-house demand and data management platform; and a portfolio of 349 local terrestrial radio stations in 74 U.S. markets strategically situated outside the Top 50 markets in the United States. Our portfolio includes local media brands such as WYRK.com, WJON.com and NJ101.5.com , and premier national music brands such as XXLmag.com, TasteofCountry.com, UltimateClassicRock.com, and Loudwire.com. 
 
 26 

We believe that our diversified product offering substantially differentiates us from our competition. This diversification allows us to provide superior solutions to our advertisers and engaging experiences for our audience, underpins our growth strategy and, we believe, helps to mitigate the risks associated with advertising revenue dependency. 
 
 The Company has identified three operating segments, which are Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions, Digital Advertising and Broadcast Advertising. The remainder of our business is reported in the Other category. 
 
 Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions 
 
 Our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions segment encompasses Townsquare Interactive, our subscription digital marketing solutions business. Townsquare Interactive offers digital marketing solutions, on a subscription basis, to small and medium-sized business SMBs in markets outside the top 50 across the United States, including but importantly not limited to the markets in which we operate radio stations. We offer a variety of digital marketing solutions, which enables SMBs to choose the optimal features for their specific business. 
 
 Digital Advertising 
 
 Our Digital Advertising segment, marketed externally as Townsquare Ignite, is a combination of our owned and operated digital properties, our proprietary digital programmatic advertising platform, and an in-house demand and data management platform collecting valuable first party data. 
 
 Broadcast Advertising 
 
 Our Broadcast Advertising segment includes our portfolio of 349 local terrestrial radio stations. Our primary source of Broadcast Advertising net revenue is the sale of advertising on our local radio stations primarily to local and regional spot advertisers and, to a lesser extent, national spot and national network advertisers. We believe we are the largest and best-capitalized owner and operator of radio stations focused solely on markets outside the top 50 markets in the United States. Given the stability of radio s audience, its broad reach and its relatively low cost as compared to competing advertising media such as television, we believe radio continues to offer an attractive value proposition to advertisers. The price point for radio advertising on a cost per thousand basis is lower than most other local media that deliver similar scale. This makes radio more affordable and accessible for the type of small and mid-sized businesses typically found in our local markets outside the top 50 markets in the U.S. 
 
 Other 
 
 We report the remainder of our revenue in the Other category, and it includes revenue from our live events. Our primary source of live events net revenue is ticket sales. Our live events also generate substantial revenue through the sale of sponsorships, food and other concessions, merchandise and other ancillary products and services. 
 
 Overall 
 
 We generate a majority of our advertising revenue by selling directly to local advertisers, as well as to local and regional advertising agencies which affords us the opportunity to better present our products, cross-sell products and more directly influence their advertising and marketing expenditure decisions. A significant percentage of our advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising to the automotive, financial services, health services, entertainment, and retail industries. 
 
 Our most significant expenses are sales personnel, programming, digital, marketing and promotional, engineering, and general and administrative expenses. We strive to control these expenses by closely monitoring and managing each of our local markets and through efficiencies gained from the centralization of finance, accounting, legal and human resources functions and management information systems. We also use our scale and diversified geographic portfolio to negotiate favorable rates with vendors where feasible. 
 
 A portion of our expenses are variable. These variable expenses primarily relate to sales costs, such as commissions and inventory costs, as well as certain programming costs, such as music license fees, and certain costs related to production. Other programming, digital, engineering and general and administrative expenses are primarily fixed costs. 
 
 27 

Seasonality 
 
 Our revenue varies throughout the year. Typically, we expect that our first calendar quarter will produce the lowest net revenue for the year, as advertising expenditures generally decline following the winter holidays. During even-numbered years, net revenue generally includes increased advertising expenditures by political candidates, political parties and special interest groups. Political spending is typically highest during the fourth quarter. Our operating results in any period may be affected by the incurrence of advertising and promotion expenses that typically do not have an effect on net revenue generation until future periods, if at all. 

Macroeconomic Indicators 
 
 Current economic challenges, including high and sustained inflation and interest rates have caused and could continue to cause economic uncertainty and volatility. These factors could result in advertising and subscription digital marketing solutions cancellations, declines in the purchase of new advertising by our clients, declines in the addition of new digital marketing solutions subscribers, and increases to our operating expenses. We monitor economic conditions closely, and in response to observed or anticipated reductions in revenue, we may institute precautionary measures to address the potential impact to our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, and liquidity, including wage reduction efforts and controlling non-essential capital expenditures. 
 
 The extent of the impact of current economic conditions will depend on future actions and outcomes, all of which remain fluid and cannot be predicted with confidence (including effects on advertising activity, consumer discretionary spending and our employees in the markets in which we operate). 

OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE 
 
 Highlights of Our Financial Performance 
 
 Certain key financial developments in our business for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 are summarized below: 
 
 Net revenue increased 0.2 million, or 0.2 , primarily driven by a 1.9 million increase in our Digital Advertising net revenue, partially offset by a 1.2 million decrease in our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions net revenue and a 0.6 million decrease in our Other net revenue. 
 
 Operating income increased 25.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to a 29.0 million decrease in non-cash impairment charges, partially offset by a 2.5 million increase in direct operating expenses. 
 
 Broadcast Advertising reported operating income of 12.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to an operating loss of 13.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 25.8 million is primarily due to a decrease in non-cash impairment charges of 26.5 million, partially offset by an increase in direct operating expenses of 1.1 million. The Digital Advertising segment reported operating income of 10.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which represents a decrease of 1.0 million as compared to operating income of 11.4 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to an increase of 2.8 million in direct operating expenses, partially offset by a 1.9 million increase in net revenue. Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions reported operating income of 4.4 million, a decrease of 0.9 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to a 1.2 million decrease in net revenue, partially offset by a 0.5 million decrease in direct operating expenses. 

Certain key financial developments in our business for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023 are summarized below: 
 
 Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, decreased 6.3 million, or 1.8 , primarily driven by a 7.2 million decrease in our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions net revenue and a 1.3 million decrease in Other net revenue. These decreases were partially offset by a 2.7 million increase in our Digital Advertising net revenue. 
 28 

Operating income increased 11.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 29.4 million decrease in non-cash impairment charges, partially offset by a 7.8 million increase in stock-based compensation, 6.3 million decrease in net revenue, and a 2.9 million increase in transaction and business realignment costs. 

29 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our historical consolidated results of operations: 
 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Statement of Operations Data: 2024 2023 Change Change Net revenue 115,311 115,104 207 0.2 Operating costs and expenses: Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation 83,794 81,323 2,471 3.0 Depreciation and amortization 4,947 4,717 230 4.9 Corporate expenses 6,063 6,604 (541) (8.2) Stock-based compensation 2,867 2,350 517 22.0 Transaction and business realignment costs 645 161 484 300.6 Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets 
 2,008 30,970 (28,962) (93.5) Net gain on sale and retirement of assets (110) (362) 252 (69.6) Total operating costs and expenses 100,214 125,763 (25,549) (20.3) Operating income (loss) 15,097 (10,659) 25,756 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 9,175 9,343 (168) (1.8) Gain on repurchases of debt (8) (430) 422 (98.1) Other income, net (277) (547) 270 (49.4) Income (loss) from operations before tax 6,207 (19,025) 25,232 Income tax (benefit) provision (5,129) 17,478 (22,607) 129.3 Net income (loss) 11,336 (36,503) 47,839 
 not meaningful 
 
 Segment Results 
 
 The following table presents the Company's reportable segment net revenue and direct operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Net Revenue Direct Operating Expenses Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions 19,080 20,257 (1,177) (5.8) 13,956 14,498 (542) (3.7) Digital Advertising 40,861 39,009 1,852 4.7 30,050 27,271 2,779 10.2 Broadcast Advertising 54,330 54,179 151 0.3 38,560 37,510 1,050 2.8 Other 1,040 1,659 (619) (37.3) 1,228 2,044 (816) (39.9) Total 115,311 115,104 207 0.2 83,794 81,323 2,471 3.0 

30 

Net Revenue 
 
 Net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.2 million, or 0.2 , as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Digital Advertising net revenue increased 1.9 million, or 4.7 , as compared to the same period in 2023 due to purchases of new advertising. Our Broadcast Advertising net revenue increased 0.2 million, or 0.3 , essentially flat. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions net revenue of 1.2 million, or 5.8 , due to a reduction in net subscribers as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Other net revenue decreased 0.6 million due to the elimination of low profit events in 2024. 
 
 Direct Operating Expenses 
 
 Direct operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.5 million, or 3.0 , as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Digital Advertising direct operating expenses increased 2.8 million, or 10.2 , due to higher inventory costs and bad debt. Our Broadcast Advertising direct operating expenses increased 1.1 million, or 2.8 , primarily driven by higher bad debt and employee benefits expenses. These increases were partially offset by a 0.8 million, or 39.9 , decrease in Other direct operating expenses due to a decrease in live events during the period and a 0.5 million, or 3.7 , decrease in Our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions direct operating expenses due to lower compensation, partially offset by higher software costs, each as compared to the same period a year ago. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.5 million, or 22.0 , as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to 0.9 million expense recognized for the stock bonus program, partially offset by stock option grants that vested prior to the third quarter of 2024. For further discussion, see Note 9, Stockholders' Equity, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets, Investments, Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company incurred no impairment charges related to its FCC licenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to impairment charges of 23.6 million in 24 of our 74 local markets in the same period a year ago. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in key assumptions utilized in the impairment assessment of our FCC licenses may affect future testing results. For example, keeping all other assumptions constant, a 100-basis point increase in the weighted average cost of capital as of the date of our last quantitative assessment would cause the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses to decrease by 21.1 million which would have resulted in an additional impairment charge of 3.3 million as of September 30, 2024. Further, a 100-basis point decline in the long-term revenue growth rate would cause the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses to further decrease by 10.5 million which would have resulted in a further impairment charge of 9.0 million as of September 30, 2024. Finally, a 100-basis point decline in operating profit margins would result in a decrease in the estimated fair values of our FCC licenses of 10.3 million which would result in an impairment charge of 9.0 million. 
 
 Assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our FCC licenses are also dependent upon the expected performance and growth of our traditional broadcast radio operations. In the event broadcast radio revenue experiences actual or anticipated declines, such declines will have a negative impact on the estimated fair value of our FCC licenses, and the Company could recognize additional impairment charges, which could be material. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, in connection with an interim goodwill impairment assessment, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the Live Events reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. An interim impairment assessment was considered necessary as a result of continuing declines in revenue and profit. Following the non-cash goodwill impairment charge recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Live Events reporting unit had no goodwill as of September 30, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the Local Advertising reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 2.8 million. For further discussion, see Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 31 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 0.2 million related to one of its equity securities, which is measured at cost minus impairment. The Company recorded impairment charges of 4.4 million related to one of its investment securities during the same period in 2023. For further discussion, see Note 6, Investments, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 The following table illustrates the components of our interest expense, net for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2026 Notes 8,327 8,849 Capital leases and other 283 311 Deferred financing costs 586 619 Interest income (21) (436) Interest expense, net 9,175 9,343 
 
 Provision (benefit) provision for income taxes 
 
 We recognized a benefit for income taxes of 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to an income tax provision of 17.5 million for the same period in 2023. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately 82.6 and 91.9 , respectively. The effective tax rate and income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is driven by the valuation allowance for interest expense carryforwards resulting from non-cash impairment charges and an increase in certain non-deductible compensation costs recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period and can be influenced by many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to statutory rates in the jurisdictions where we have operations and changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 21 , primarily relates to certain non-deductible items, state and local income taxes and the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 

32 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our historical consolidated results of operations: 
 
 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, Statement of Operations Data: 2024 2023 Change Change Net revenue 333,169 339,445 (6,276) (1.8) Direct operating expenses, excluding depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation 246,201 245,301 900 0.4 Depreciation and amortization 14,896 14,496 400 2.8 Corporate expenses 17,762 18,911 (1,149) (6.1) Stock-based compensation 14,062 6,228 7,834 125.8 Transaction and business realignment costs 3,683 764 2,919 382.1 Impairment of intangible assets, investments, goodwill and long-lived assets 
 36,264 65,697 (29,433) (44.8) Net gain on sale and retirement of assets (66) (703) 637 (90.6) Total operating costs and expenses 332,802 350,694 (17,892) (5.1) Operating income (loss) 367 (11,249) 11,616 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 27,418 28,215 (797) (2.8) Gain on repurchases of debt (11) (1,249) 1,238 (99.1) Other income, net (4,974) (6,451) 1,477 (22.9) Loss from operations before income taxes (22,066) (31,764) 9,698 (30.5) Income tax provision 13,903 9,380 4,523 (48.2) Net loss (35,969) (41,144) 5,175 (12.6) 
 not meaningful 
 
 Segment Results 
 
 The following table presents the Company's reportable segment net revenue and direct operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Net Revenue Direct Operating Expenses Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions 55,848 63,086 (7,238) (11.5) 40,251 45,703 (5,452) (11.9) Digital Advertising 116,541 113,842 2,699 2.4 87,665 77,666 9,999 12.9 Broadcast Advertising 153,418 153,822 (404) (0.3) 111,442 113,858 (2,416) (2.1) Other 7,362 8,695 (1,333) (15.3) 6,843 8,074 (1,231) (15.2) Total 333,169 339,445 (6,276) (1.8) 246,201 245,301 900 0.4 

33 

Net Revenue 
 
 Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 6.3 million, or 1.8 , as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 7.2 million, or 11.5 as compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to a reduction of net subscribers, as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Other net revenue decreased 1.3 million, or 15.3 , due to the elimination of low profit events in 2024. Our Broadcast Advertising net revenue decreased 0.4 million, or 0.3 , essentially flat. These decreases were offset by an increase in our Digital Advertising net revenue of 2.7 million, or 2.4 , due to purchases of new advertising during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Direct Operating Expenses 
 
 Direct operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 0.9 million, or 0.4 , as compared to the same period in 2023. Our Digital Advertising direct operating expenses increased 10.0 million, or 12.9 , due to higher inventory and compensation costs, as well as an increase in bad debt. This increase was partially offset by a 5.5 million, or 11.9 , decreases in our Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions direct operating expenses due to lower compensation costs and bad debt; a 2.4 million, or 2.1 , decrease in our Broadcast Advertising direct operating expenses primarily driven by lower compensation costs; and a 1.2 million, or 15.2 , decrease in our Other direct operating expenses due to a decrease in live events during the period, each as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Corporate Expenses 
 
 Corporate expenses are of a general corporate nature or managed on a corporate basis. These costs (net of allocations to the business segments) primarily represent corporate stewardship and administration activities. Corporate expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 1.1 million, or 6.1 , as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower compensation. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7.8 million, or 125.8 , as compared to the same period in 2023 due to 4.6 million in expense recognized related to the cash settlement of options, 2.6 million of expense recognized for the stock bonus program and due to grants during the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. For further discussion, see Note 9, Stockholders' Equity, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Transaction and Business Realignment Costs 
 
 Transaction and business realignment costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.9 million as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to local market operational cost reduction efforts. 
 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets, Investments, Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company recorded total impairment charges of 29.7 million related to FCC licenses in 26 of our 74 local markets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to impairment charges of 48.4 million to FCC licenses in 32 of our 74 local markets in the same period a year ago. The impairment charges were primarily driven by increases in the discount rate applied in the valuation of our FCC licenses due to an increase in the weighted average cost of capital, decreases in third-party forecasts of broadcast revenues and an increase in the estimate of initial capital costs due to rising prices. For further discussion, see Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 34 

During the third quarter of 2024, in connection with an interim goodwill impairment assessment, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the Live Events reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the second quarter of 2024, in connection with an interim goodwill impairment assessment, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of the National Digital and Live Events reporting units exceeded their fair values, resulting in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 1.8 million and 0.9 million, respectively. In total, the company recorded 4.4 million of non-cash goodwill impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Interim impairment assessments were considered necessary as a result of declines in revenues and profit and increases in the weighted average cost of capital. For further discussion, see Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded total impairment charges of 1.8 million related to certain of its equity securities, which are measured at cost minus impairment. The Company recorded an impairment charge of 13.6 million related to certain of its investment securities during the same period in 2023. For further discussion, see Note 6, Investments, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 The following table illustrates the components of our interest expense, net for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2026 Notes 25,568 26,874 Capital leases and other 923 1,010 Deferred financing costs 1,576 1,567 Interest income (649) (1,236) Interest expense, net 27,418 28,215 
 
 Gain on repurchases of debt 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company voluntarily repurchased an aggregate 24.7 million principal amount of its 2026 Notes below par, plus accrued interest. The Company wrote-off approximately 0.2 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, recognizing an immaterial net gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company voluntarily repurchased an aggregate 27.1 million principal amount of its 2026 Notes below par plus accrued interest. The Company wrote-off approximately 0.3 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, recognizing a total net gain of 1.2 million in connection with the voluntary repurchases of its 2026 Notes. 
 
 Other expense (income), net 
 
 Realized Gain on Investment 
 
 In February of 2024, one of the Company s investees announced the completion of its acquisition. The Company recognized a 4.0 million gain on this transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, one of the Company's investments was acquired in a private transaction. The Company recognized a 5.2 million gain on the transaction. 
 
 Unrealized Gain on Investment 
 
 Other expense (income), net includes unrealized gains related to measuring the fair value of one of the Company's investees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded an unrealized net gain of 0.2 million, 
 35 

as compared to an unrealized loss of 0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 6, Investments, in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion related to this investment. 
 
 Insurance Recoveries 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded total insurance recoveries of 0.3 million related to construction and flood damages in two of its local markets, as compared to insurance recoveries of 0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to hurricane damages incurred in the Shreveport, LA market. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 We recognized a provision for income taxes of 13.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 9.4 million for the same period in 2023. Our effective tax rate for the period was approximately 63.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 29.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate and income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is driven by the valuation allowance for interest expense carryforwards resulting from the non-cash impairment charges and an increase in certain non-deductible compensation costs recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period and can be influenced by many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes to statutory rates in the jurisdictions where we have operations and changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 21.0 , primarily relates to certain non-deductible items, state and local income taxes and the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 
 
 36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table summarizes our change in cash and cash equivalents (in thousands : 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 
 21,786 37,955 Restricted cash 
 509 501 Cash provided by operating activities 
 20,557 38,964 Cash used in investing activities 
 (7,606) (400) Cash used in financing activities 
 (52,205) (44,021) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (39,254) (5,457) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 20.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 39.0 million for the same period in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital balances, particularly prepaid and accrued expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 0.4 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to cash proceeds of 3.0 million related to the sales of digital assets in 2023 that did not reoccur in 2024, a 2.4 million increase in purchases of property and equipment and a 1.4 million decrease in proceeds from the sale of assets and investment related transactions. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 52.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 44.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher repurchases of common stock in the amount of 6.9 million and a 3.0 million increase in dividend payments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period a year ago. These increases were partially offset by a 1.8 million increase in proceeds from the exercise of stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity and Anticipated Cash Requirements 
 
 We fund our working capital requirements through a combination of cash flows from our operating, investing, and financing activities. Based on current and anticipated levels of operations and conditions in our markets and industry, we believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from our operating, investing, and financing activities will enable us to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, and other funding requirements for at least one year from the date of this report. Future capital requirements may be materially different than those currently planned in our budgeting and forecasting activities and depend on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. We have focused on and will continue to monitor our liquidity in response to current and future economic challenges and uncertainty. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 476.7 million of outstanding indebtedness, net of deferred financing costs of 2.2 million. 
 
 Based on the terms of our 2026 Notes, as of September 30, 2024, we expect our debt service requirements to be approximately 32.9 million over the next twelve months. See Note 7, Long-Term Debt , in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our 2026 Notes. 
 
 37 

As of September 30, 2024 we had 21.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, and 57.7 million of receivables from customers, which historically have had an average collection cycle of approximately 55 days. We had restricted cash of 0.5 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, that was held as collateral in connection with certain agreements. From time to time, such restricted funds could be returned to us or we could be required to pledge additional cash. 
 
 On July 22, 2024 the board of directors approved a dividend of 0.1975 per share. The 3.0 million dividend was paid on November 1, 2024. On October 28, 2024 the board of directors approved a dividend of 0.1975 per share. The dividend will be paid to holders of record as of January 21, 2025, on February 1, 2025. 
 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company repurchased 1.5 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock in the aggregate amount of 14.6 million from MSG National Properties, LLC MSG ). The shares were retired upon repurchase. Additionally, the company repurchased 0.8 million shares of Class A common stock for approximately 8.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In late March of 2024, the Company launched a program that offered certain holders a cash settlement of options that were granted in July 2014 following the completion of the Company's initial public offering. These options were approaching their expiration date in July 2024. The cash settlement amount paid to each holder was indexed to the closing price of the Company's Class A common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange consolidated tape, as of the date prior to each respective cash settlement election date less the respective option exercise price. A total of 11.5 million was paid in connection with the cash settlement of 3.2 million options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company voluntarily repurchased an aggregate 24.7 million in principal amount of its 2026 Notes, below par. 
 
 Our anticipated uses of cash in the near term include working capital needs, interest payments, dividend payments, share repurchases, other obligations, and capital expenditures. The Company believes that the cash generated by its operations should be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. However, our ability to fund our working capital needs, debt payments, dividend payments, other obligations, capital expenditures, and to comply with financial covenants under our debt agreements, depends on our future operating performance and cash flow, which are in turn subject to prevailing economic conditions, increases or decreases in advertising spending, changes in the highly competitive industry in which we operate, which may be rapid, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our stockholders, while the incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations. Such debt instruments also could introduce covenants that might restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Additionally, on a continuing basis, we evaluate and consider strategic acquisitions and divestitures to enhance our strategic and competitive position as well as our financial performance. Any future acquisitions, joint ventures or other similar transactions may require additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 We closely monitor the impact of capital and credit market conditions on our liquidity as it relates to our debt. We also routinely monitor the changes in the financial condition of our customers and the potential impact on our results of operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our significant estimates, including those related to determining the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, impairment testing of intangible assets, valuation and impairment testing of long-lived tangible assets, the present value of leasing arrangements, share-based payment expense and the calculation of allowance for doubtful accounts and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on 
 38 

various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the result of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our estimates may change, however, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and any such changes will be recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results could differ from such estimates, and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. 
 
 We believe the accounting policies and estimates discussed within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K reflects our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates as filed in such report. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 For a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted or will be adopted in the future, please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 1. 
 
 39 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), with the assistance of other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this review, our CEO and CFO have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect every misstatement. An evaluation of effectiveness is subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may decrease over time. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any control system, including the potential for human error and the possible circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Additionally, judgments in decision-making can be faulty and breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. An effective control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control objectives of the system are adequately met. Accordingly, the management of the Company, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the control system can prevent or detect all error or fraud. Finally, projections of any evaluation or assessment of effectiveness of a control system to future periods are subject to the risks that, over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in an entity s operating environment or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 40 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There is no current material pending litigation to which we are a party and no material legal proceedings were terminated, settled or otherwise resolved during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various regulatory proceedings, lawsuits, claims and other matters related to intellectual property, personal injury, employee, or other matters. These matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. However, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding known material risks that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition to these risks, other risks that we presently do not consider material, or other unknown risks, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in a future period. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

2021 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 In December 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 3-year share repurchase program for up to 50 million. The following table provides certain information with respect to the Company's purchases of its common shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan (in thousands) July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 87,967 11.47 24,530 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 36,971 10.97 24,124 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 24,124 Total 124,938 11.32 24,124 
 (1) This column represents the total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None of our directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or adopted or terminated a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 41 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 See Exhibit Index. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit 
 Description 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

42 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TOWNSQUARE MEDIA, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Stuart Rosenstein Name: Stuart Rosenstein Title: Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ Robert Worshek Name: Robert Worshek Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tsq93024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stuart Rosenstein, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Townsquare Media, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 By s Stuart Rosenstein Name Stuart Rosenstein 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tsq93024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bill Wilson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Townsquare Media, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 By s Bill Wilson Name Bill Wilson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tsq93024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Townsquare Media, Inc. (the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stuart Rosenstein, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Townsquare Media, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Townsquare Media, Inc. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 s Stuart Rosenstein Name Stuart Rosenstein 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Townsquare Media, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tsq93024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Townsquare Media, Inc. (the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bill Wilson, as Chief Executive Officer of Townsquare Media, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 s Bill Wilson Name Bill Wilson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Townsquare Media, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tsq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tsq-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tsq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tsq-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tsq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

