<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1069157_0001069157-24-000111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33391744</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253179</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3570479</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18369501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4930015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5128295</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001069157-24-000111.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108161248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001069157-24-000111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EAST WEST BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069157
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				954703316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24939
		FILM NUMBER:		241440702

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 N. LOS ROBLES AVE. 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6267686000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EAST WEST BANCORP INC
		STREET 2:		135 N. LOS ROBLES AVE. 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001069157-24-000111.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ewbc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ewbc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock on the latest practicable date: shares as of October 31, 2024 . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page FORWARD-LOOKING S TATEMENTS 
 3 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Income (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 11 
 1 Basis of Presentation 
 11 
 2 Current Accounting Developments and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 11 
 3 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 12 
 4 Securities Purchased under Resale Agreements 
 22 
 5 Securities 
 24 
 6 Derivatives 
 30 
 7 Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 37 
 8 Affordable Housing Partnership, Tax Credit and Community Reinvestment Act Investments , Net 
 53 
 9 Goodwill 
 55 
 10 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt 
 56 
 1 1 Commitments and Contingencies 
 56 
 1 2 Stock Compensation Plans 
 58 
 1 3 Stockholders Equity and Earnings Per Share 
 59 
 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 60 
 1 5 Business Segments 
 62 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 65 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 110 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 110 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 111 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 111 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 111 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 112 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 112 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 113 
 GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS 
 114 
 SIGNATURE 
 115 
 
 2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for such statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. East West Bancorp, Inc. (referred to herein on an unconsolidated basis as East West and on a consolidated basis as the Company, we, us, our or EWBC may make forward-looking statements in other documents that it files with, or furnishes to, the United States U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and management may make forward-looking statements to analysts, investors, media members and others. Forward-looking statements are those that do not relate to historical facts and that are based on current assumptions, beliefs, estimates, expectations and projections, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond the Company s control. Forward-looking statements may relate to various matters, including the Company s financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance, business or industry, and usually can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as anticipates, assumes, believes, can, continues, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goal, intends, likely, may, might, objective, plans, potential, projects, remains, should, target, trend, will, would, or similar expressions or variations thereof, and the negative thereof, but these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as they are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Factors that might cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 changes in local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions, and natural or geopolitical events; 
 the soundness of other financial institutions and the impacts related to or resulting from bank failures and other industry volatility, including potential increased regulatory requirements, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance premiums and assessments, and deposit withdrawals; 
 changes in laws or the regulatory environment, including trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws and current or potential disputes between the U.S. and the People s Republic of China; 
 changes in the commercial and consumer real estate markets; 
 changes in consumer or commercial spending, savings and borrowing habits, and patterns and behaviors; 
 the Company s ability to compete effectively against financial institutions and other entities, including as a result of emerging technologies; 
 the success and timing of the Company s business strategies; 
 the Company s ability to retain key officers and employees; 
 changes in key variable market interest rates, competition, regulatory requirements and product mix; 
 changes in the Company s costs of operation, compliance and expansion; 
 disruption, failure in, or breach of, the Company s operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third-party vendors with which the Company does business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, and the disclosure or misuse of confidential information; 
 the adequacy of the Company s risk management framework; 
 future credit quality and performance, including expectations regarding future credit losses and allowance levels; 
 adverse changes to the Company s credit ratings; 
 legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and their resolution; 
 the Company s capital requirements and its ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
 the impact on the Company s liquidity due to changes in the Company s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries; and 
 any strategic acquisitions or divestitures and the introduction of new or expanded products and services or other events that may directly or indirectly result in a negative impact on the financial performance of the Company and its customers. 
 
 3 

For a more detailed discussion of some of the factors that might cause such differences, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024 (the Company s 2023 Form 10-K under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors . You should treat forward-looking statements as speaking only as of the date they are made and based only on information then actually known to the Company. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements except as required by law. 
 4 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in thousands, except shares) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing cash with banks Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing deposits with banks Securities purchased under resale agreements resale agreements Debt securities: 
 Available-for-sale AFS ), at fair value (amortized cost of and 
 Held-to-maturity HTM ), at amortized cost (fair value of and 
 Loans held-for-sale Loans held-for-investment (net of allowance for loan losses of and 
 Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments, net Premises and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets TOTAL LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Bank Term Funding Program BTFP borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 11) par value, shares authorized; and shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCI ), net of tax ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 and shares in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME Loans receivable, including fees Debt securities Resale agreements Restricted equity securities Interest-bearing cash and deposits with banks Total interest and dividend income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings FHLB advances Securities sold under repurchase agreements repurchase agreements Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses NONINTEREST INCOME Deposit account fees Lending fees Foreign exchange income Wealth management fees Customer derivative (losses) income 
 ) Net gains (losses) on sales of loans ) ) Net gains (losses) on AFS debt securities ) Other investment income Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Compensation and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expense Deposit account expense Computer and software related expenses Deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments Other operating expense Amortization of tax credit and CRA investments Total noninterest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax expense 
 NET INCOME EARNINGS PER SHARE EPS BASIC DILUTED WEIGHTED-AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC DILUTED 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net changes in unrealized gains (losses) on AFS debt securities ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on debt securities transferred from AFS to HTM Net changes in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCI, Net of Tax Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE, JULY 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements Repurchase of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements ) ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) BALANCE, JULY 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements Repurchase of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements ) ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCI, Net of Tax Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2023 ) ) Cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle (1) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements Repurchase of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements ) ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 ) ) BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2024 ) ) Cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle (2) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Issuance of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements Repurchase of common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program ) ) ) Cash dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Amortization of premiums (accretion of discount), net ) Stock compensation costs Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (gains) losses on sales of loans ) Net (gains) losses on AFS debt securities ) Impairment on other real estate owned OREO and other foreclosed assets Net gains on sales of OREO and other foreclosed assets ) ) Loans held-for-sale: Originations and purchases ) Proceeds from sales and paydowns/payoffs of loans originally classified as held-for-sale Distributions received from equity method investees Net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Net change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Other operating activities, net ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net (increase) decrease in: Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments ) ) Interest-bearing deposits with banks ) Assets purchased under resale agreements: Proceeds from paydowns and maturities Purchases ) AFS debt securities: Proceeds from sales Proceeds from repayments, maturities and redemptions Purchases ) ) HTM debt securities: Proceeds from repayments, maturities and redemptions Loans held-for-investment: Proceeds from sales of loans originally classified as held-for-investment Purchases ) ) Other changes in loans held-for-investment, net ) ) Redemption of trust preferred securities Proceeds from sales of OREO and other foreclosed assets Distributions received from equity method investees Purchases of FHLB stock, net 
 ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 9 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Continued) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in deposits ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) FHLB advances: Proceeds Repayment ) ) Repurchase agreements: Repayment ) Extinguishment cost ) Long-term debt and lease liabilities: Repayment of junior subordinated debt and lease liabilities ) ) Common stock: Proceeds from issuance pursuant to various stock compensation plans and agreements Stock tendered for payment of withholding taxes ) ) Repurchase of common stocks pursuant to the stock repurchase program ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net Noncash investing and financing activities: Loans transferred from held-for-investment to held-for-sale Loans transferred to OREO or other foreclosed assets 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 10 

EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1 
 
 wholly-owned subsidiary that is a statutory business trust (the Trust ). In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810, Consolidation , the Trust is not included on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, income and expenses during the reporting periods, and the related disclosures. Although our estimates consider current conditions and how we expect them to change in the future, it is reasonably possible that actual results could be materially different from those estimates. Hence, the current period s results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any future interim period or for the year as a whole. Certain items on the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes for the prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Events subsequent to the Consolidated Balance Sheet date have been evaluated through the date the Consolidated Financial Statements are issued for inclusion in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Note 2 
 
 million. 

The following standards were also adopted on January 1, 2024, but they did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 ASU 2023-01, Leases (Topic 842): Common Control Arrangements 
 ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions 
 
 11 

Note 3 

12 

Visa B-1 shares, the Company received Visa Class B-2 common stock Visa B-2 shares and Visa Class C common stock Visa C shares ). The Visa B-2 shares remain subject to transfer restrictions and will continue to be held at cost. As the Visa C shares are convertible into Visa s publicly traded Class A common stock Visa A shares ), the Company recognized the Visa C shares at fair value of thousand based on the closing price of the Visa A shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts Interest rate contracts consist of interest rate swaps and options. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments (or receipts) and the discounted expected variable cash receipts (or payments). The fair value of the interest rate options, which consist of floors and caps, is determined using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that will occur if variable interest rates fall below (rise above) the strike rate of the floors (caps). In addition, to comply with the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements of its derivatives. The credit valuation adjustments associated with the Company s derivatives utilize model-derived credit spreads, which are Level 3 inputs. Considering the observable nature of all other significant inputs utilized, the Company classifies these derivative instruments as Level 2. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts The fair value of foreign exchange contracts is determined at each reporting period based on changes in the applicable foreign exchange rates. These are over-the-counter contracts where quoted market prices are not readily available. Valuation is measured using conventional valuation methodologies with observable market data. Due to the short-term nature of the majority of these contracts, the counterparties credit risks are considered nominal and result in no adjustments to the valuation of the foreign exchange contracts. Due to the observable nature of the inputs used in deriving the fair value of these contracts, the valuation of foreign exchange contracts is classified as Level 2. In addition, the Bank managed its foreign currency exposure in the net investment in its China subsidiary, East West Bank (China) Limited, a non-U.S. dollar USD functional currency subsidiary, with foreign currency non-deliverable forward contracts. These foreign currency non-deliverable forward contracts were designated as net investment hedges. The fair value of foreign currency non-deliverable forward contracts is determined by comparing the contracted foreign exchange rate to the current market foreign exchange rate. Key inputs of the current market exchange rate include the spot and forward rates of the contractual currencies. Foreign exchange forward curves are used to determine which forward rate pertains to a specific maturity. Due to the observable nature of the inputs used in deriving the estimated fair value, these instruments are classified as Level 2. 
 
 Credit Contracts Credit contracts utilized by the Company are comprised of credit risk participation agreements RPAs entered into by the Company with institutional counterparties. The fair value of the RPAs is calculated by determining the total expected asset or liability exposure of the derivatives to the borrowers and applying the borrowers credit spread to that exposure. Total expected exposure incorporates both the current and potential future exposure of the derivatives, derived from using observable inputs, such as yield curves and volatilities. Due to the observable nature of all other significant inputs used in deriving the estimated fair value, credit contracts are classified as Level 2. 
 
 13 

equity interest in Rayliant Global Advisors Limited Rayliant during the third quarter of 2023, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock units RSUs as part of its consideration, in addition to million in cash. The vesting of these equity contracts on September 1, 2028, is contingent on Rayliant meeting certain financial performance targets during the performance period. The fair value of liability-classified equity contracts varies based on the operating revenue and operating EBITDA of Rayliant to be achieved during the future performance period, and these performance-based RSUs are expected to vest into a variable number of the Company s common stock, ranging from to of the target performance-based RSUs granted. Due to the unobservable nature of the input assumptions, these equity contracts are classified as Level 3. For additional information on the equity contracts, refer to Note 6 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Commodity Contracts Commodity contracts consist of swaps and options referencing commodity products. The fair value of the commodity option contracts is determined using the Black-Scholes model and assumptions that include expectations of future commodity price and volatility. The future commodity contract price is derived from observable inputs such as the market price of the commodity. Commodity swaps are structured as an exchange of fixed cash flows for floating cash flows. The fair value of the commodity swaps is determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments (or receipts) and the discounted expected variable cash receipts (or payments) based on the market prices of the commodity. The fixed cash flows are predetermined based on the known volumes and fixed price as specified in the swap agreement. The floating cash flows are correlated with the change of forward commodity prices, which is derived from market corroborated futures settlement prices. As a result, the Company classifies these derivative instruments as Level 2 due to the observable nature of the significant inputs utilized. 
 
 14 

U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (1) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Municipal securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Foreign government bonds Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations CLOs Total AFS debt securities Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net: Equity securities Total affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net Other assets: 
 Equity securities (2) 
 Total other assets Derivative assets: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Commodity contracts Gross derivative assets Netting adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Net derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts (4) 
 Credit contracts Commodity contracts Gross derivative liabilities Netting adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Net derivative liabilities 
 Refer to footnotes on the following page. 
 15 

U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (1) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Municipal securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Foreign government bonds Asset-backed securities CLOs Total AFS debt securities Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net: Equity securities Total affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net 
 Derivative assets: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Credit contracts Equity contracts Commodity contracts Gross derivative assets Netting adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Net derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts (4) 
 Credit contracts Commodity contracts Gross derivative liabilities Netting adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Net derivative liabilities 
 (1) Includes Government National Mortgage Association GNMA AFS debt securities totaling billion and billion of fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Consists of exchange-traded equity securities. For additional information, see Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Equity Securities in Note 3 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments in this Form 10-Q. 
 (3) Represents the balance sheet netting of derivative assets and liabilities and related cash collateral under master netting agreements or similar agreements. See Note 6 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 (4) Equity contracts classified as derivative liabilities consist of performance-based RSUs granted as part of EWBC s consideration in its investment in Rayliant. 
 16 

Total losses included in earnings (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Issuances Ending balance Derivative liabilities: Equity contracts (2) 
 Beginning balance Issuances Ending balance 
 (1) Includes unrealized losses recorded in Lending fees on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (2) Equity contracts classified as derivative liabilities consist of performance-based RSUs granted as part of EWBC s consideration in its investment in Rayliant. 
 
 Black-Scholes option pricing model Equity volatility 
 (1) 
 Liquidity discount Derivative liabilities: Equity contracts (2) 
 Internal model Payout designated based on operating revenue and operating EBITDA of investee December 31, 2023 Derivative assets: Equity contracts Black-Scholes option pricing model Equity volatility 
 (1) 
 Liquidity discount Derivative liabilities: Equity contracts (2) 
 Internal model Payout designated based on operating revenue and operating EBITDA of investee 
 (1) Weighted-average of inputs is calculated based on the fair value of equity contracts as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Equity contracts classified as derivative liabilities consist of performance-based RSUs granted as part of EWBC s consideration in its investment in Rayliant. 
 
 17 

18 

Commercial real estate CRE ): CRE Multifamily residential Construction and land Total commercial Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential Total consumer Total loans held-for-investment OREO (1) 
 
 (1) Represents the carrying value of OREO property that was written down subsequent to its initial classification as OREO and is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 19 

CRE: CRE Total commercial Consumer: Residential mortgage: Home equity lines of credit HELOCs Total consumer Total loans held-for-investment Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net ) ) CRE: CRE Multifamily residential ) ) Construction and land ) ) ) ) Total CRE ) ) ) ) Total commercial ) ) ) ) Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential ) HELOCs ) ) Total consumer ) ) ) Total loans held-for-investment ) ) ) ) Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net ) ) OREO ) 
 
 20 

Fair value of collateral Discount 
 (1) 
 Fair value of collateral Contract value NM 
 NM Fair value of property Selling cost 
 (1) 
 OREO Fair value of property Selling cost December 31, 2023 Loans held-for-investment Fair value of collateral Discount 
 (1) 
 Fair value of collateral Contract value NM NM Fair value of property Selling cost 
 Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net Individual analysis of each investment Expected future tax benefits and distributions NM NM 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 (1) Weighted-average of inputs is based on the relative fair value of the respective assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Disclosures about the Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks Resale agreements HTM debt securities Restricted equity securities, at cost Loans held-for-investment, net Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Demand, checking, savings and money market deposits Time deposits FHLB advances Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 21 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks Resale agreements HTM debt securities Restricted equity securities, at cost Loans held-for-sale Loans held-for-investment, net Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Demand, checking, savings and money market deposits Time deposits BTFP borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 

Note 4 
 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted-average yields were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Balance Sheet Offsetting 
 
 Securities received or pledged as collateral in resale and repurchase agreements with other financial institutions may also be sold or re-pledged by the secured party, and are usually delivered to and held by third-party trustees. 
 
 22 

) Resale agreements as of December 31, 2023 
 ) 
 (1) Represents the fair value of assets the Company has received under resale agreements, limited for table presentation purposes to the amount of the recognized asset due from each counterparty. The application of collateral cannot reduce the net position below zero. Therefore, excess collateral, if any, is not reflected above. 
 
 In addition to the amounts included in the table above, the Company also has balance sheet netting related to derivatives. Refer to Note 6 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 23 

Note 5 
 
 ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (2) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Foreign government bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) CLOs ) Total AFS debt securities ) HTM debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (3) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Total HTM debt securities ) Total debt securities ) 
 
 24 

) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (2) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Foreign government bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) CLOs ) Total AFS debt securities ) HTM debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (3) : 
 Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Total HTM debt securities ) Total debt securities ) 
 (1) Amortized cost excludes accrued interest receivables which are presented within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the accrued interest receivables were million and million, respectively. For the Company s accounting policy related to debt securities accrued interest receivables, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale Debt Securities and Allowance for Credit Losses on Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 (2) Includes GNMA AFS debt securities totaling billion of amortized cost and billion of fair value as of September 30, 2024, and billion of amortized cost and billion of fair value as of December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Includes GNMA HTM debt securities totaling million of amortized cost and million of fair value as of September 30, 2024, and million of amortized cost and million of fair value of as of December 31, 2023. 
 25 

) ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government sponsored enterprise debt securities ) ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Foreign government bonds ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) CLOs ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) ) 
 26 

) ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities ) ) U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities: Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Foreign government bonds ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) CLOs ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had AFS debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with credit impairment, primarily consisting of U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt securities and non-agency mortgage-backed securities. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, the Company had AFS debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with credit impairment, primarily consisting of U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt securities, and non-agency mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 The Company evaluates each AFS debt security where the fair value declines below amortized cost. For a discussion of the factors and criteria the Company uses in analyzing securities for impairment related to credit losses, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale Debt Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 The gross unrealized losses presented in the preceding tables were primarily attributable to interest rate movement and the widening of liquidity and/or credit spreads. U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, U.S. government-sponsored agency, and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt and mortgage-backed securities are issued, guaranteed, or otherwise supported by the U.S. government and have a zero credit loss assumption. The remaining securities that were in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 were mainly comprised of the following: 
 
 Corporate debt securities The market value decline as of September 30, 2024 was primarily due to interest rate movement and spread widening. A portion of the corporate debt securities is comprised of subordinated debt securities issued by U.S. banks. Despite the reduction of the market value of these securities after the banking sector disruption in 2023, these securities are nearly all rated investment grade by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations NRSROs and issued by well-capitalized financial institutions with strong profitability. The contractual payments from these corporate debt securities have been and are expected to be received on time. The Company will continue to monitor the market developments in the banking sector and the credit performance of these securities. 
 27 

allowance for credit losses provided against these securities as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In addition, there was provision for credit losses recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 
 The Company separately evaluates its HTM debt securities for any credit losses using an expected loss model, similar to the methodology used for loans. For additional information on the Company s credit loss methodology, refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses on Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of the HTM debt securities using external credit ratings. As of September 30, 2024, all HTM securities were rated investment grade by NRSROs and issued, guaranteed, or supported by U.S. government entities and agencies. Accordingly, the Company applied a zero credit loss assumption and allowance for credit losses was recorded as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Overall, the Company believes that the credit support levels of the debt securities are strong, and based on current assessments and macroeconomic forecasts, expects that full contractual cash flows will be received. 
 
 Realized Gains and Losses 
 
 Impairment write-off (1) 
 ) Related tax expense (benefit) ) 
 (1) During the first quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million impairment write-off on a subordinated debt security as a component of Noninterest income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Nontaxable interest Total interest income on debt securities 
 
 28 

Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) (2) 
 Municipal securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) (2) 
 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 Corporate debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 Foreign government bonds Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 Asset-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 CLOs Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 Total AFS debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 
 29 

Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) (2) 
 Municipal securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) (2) 
 Total HTM debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield (1) 
 
 (1) Weighted-average yields are computed based on amortized cost balances. 
 (2) Yields on tax-exempt securities are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AFS and HTM debt securities with carrying valu es of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 
 Restricted Equity Securities 
 
 FHLB stock Total restricted equity securities 

Note 6 
 
 30 

million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. In comparison, applying variation margin payments as settlement to LCH- and CME-cleared derivative transactions resulted in reductions in both the derivative asset and liability fair values of million as of December 31, 2023. Total derivative asset and liability fair values are adjusted to reflect the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received or paid. The resulting net derivative asset and liability fair values are included in Other assets and Accrued expenses and other liabilities , respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Fair Value in thousands) Notional Amount Assets Liabilities Notional Amount Assets Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Cash flow hedges: Interest rate contracts Net investment hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts (1) 
 Foreign exchange contracts Credit contracts (2) 
 Equity contracts (3) (4) (3) (4) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Gross derivative assets/liabilities Less: Master netting agreements ) ) ) ) Less: Cash collateral received ) ) ) ) Net derivative assets/liabilities 
 (1) The notional amount of the Company s commodity contracts totaled thousand barrels of crude oil and thousand units of natural gas, measured in million British thermal units MMBTUs as of September 30, 2024. In comparison, the notional amount of the Company s commodity contracts totaled thousand barrels of crude oil and thousand MMBTUs of natural gas as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) The notional amount of the credit contracts reflects the Company s pro-rata share of the underlying derivative instruments notional amount in RPAs. 
 (3) The Company held warrant equity contracts in private companies and public company as of September 30, 2024, and private companies and public company as of December 31, 2023. 
 (4) Equity contracts classified as derivative liabilities consist of performance-based RSUs granted as part of EWBC s consideration in its investment in Rayliant. 
 
 31 

billion were designated as cash flow hedges to convert certain variable-rate loans from floating-rate payments to fixed-rate payments. Gains and losses on the hedging derivative instruments are recognized in AOCI and reclassified to earnings in the same period the hedged cash flows impact earnings and within the same income statement line item as the hedged cash flows. Considering the interest rates, yield curve and notional amount as of September 30, 2024, the Company expects to reclassify an estimated million of after-tax net losses on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges from AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months. 
 
 ) ) ) Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into earnings: 
 Interest expense (for cash flow hedges on borrowings) Interest and dividend income (for cash flow hedges on loans) ) ) ) ) Noninterest income (1) 
 Total ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the amounts in AOCI reclassified into earnings where the forecasted cash flows were no longer probable to occur. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the Bank s investment in East West Bank (China) Limited, a non-USD functional currency subsidiary in China. The hedging instruments designated as net investment hedges were used to hedge against the risk of adverse changes in the foreign currency exchange rate of the Chinese Renminbi RMB ). The net investment hedge in place as of December 31, 2023 expired during the three months ended March 31, 2024. No new net investment hedge was entered since March 31, 2024. 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 Customer-Related Positions and Economic Hedge Derivatives The Company enters into interest rate, commodity, and foreign exchange derivatives at the request of its customers and generally enters into offsetting derivative contracts with third-party financial institutions to mitigate the inherent market risk. The Company also utilizes foreign exchange contracts to mitigate the effect of currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency-denominated on-balance sheet assets and liabilities, primarily foreign currency denominated deposits that it offers to its customers. A majority of the foreign exchange contracts had original maturities of or less as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 32 

Written options Collars and corridors Subtotal Foreign exchange contracts: Forwards and spot Swaps Purchased options Subtotal Total Economic hedges: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Purchased options Collars and corridors Subtotal Foreign exchange contracts: Forwards and spot Swaps Written options Subtotal Total 
 
 33 

Barrels Barrels Collars Barrels Barrels Subtotal Barrels Barrels Natural gas: Swaps MMBTUs MMBTUs Collars MMBTUs MMBTUs Written options MMBTUs MMBTUs Subtotal MMBTUs MMBTUs Total Economic hedges: Commodity contracts: Crude oil: Swaps Barrels Barrels Collars Barrels Barrels Subtotal Barrels Barrels Natural gas: Swaps MMBTUs MMBTUs Collars MMBTUs MMBTUs Purchased options MMBTUs MMBTUs Subtotal MMBTUs MMBTUs Total 
 
 Credit Contracts The Company periodically enters into credit RPAs with institutional counterparties to manage the credit exposure of the interest rate contracts associated with syndicated loans. Under the RPAs, a portion of the credit exposure is transferred from one party (the purchaser of credit protection) to another party (the seller of credit protection). The seller of credit protection is required to make payments to the purchaser of credit protection if the underlying borrower defaults on the related interest rate contract. The Company may enter into protection sold or protection purchased RPAs. Credit risk on RPAs is managed by monitoring the credit worthiness of the borrowers and the institutional counterparties, which is a part of the Company s normal credit review and monitoring process. All referenced entities of the protection sold RPAs were investment grade and the weighted-average remaining maturity was years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Assuming the underlying borrowers referenced in the interest rate contracts defaulted, the maximum exposure in the protection sold RPAs would be thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding protection purchased RPA with a notional amount of million and minimal fair value. 
 
 34 

) Foreign exchange contracts Foreign exchange income Credit contracts Customer derivative (losses) income 
 ) ) Equity contracts - warrants Lending fees ) ) Commodity contracts Customer derivative income Net gains 
 
 Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features Certain of the Company s over-the-counter derivative contracts contain early termination provisions that require the Company to settle any outstanding balances upon the occurrence of a specified credit-risk-related event. Such an event primarily relates to a downgrade of the credit rating of East West Bank to below investment grad e. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate fair value amounts of all derivative instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position totaled million , for which million collateral was posted to cover these positions. In comparison, a s of December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value amounts of all derivative instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position totaled thousand, for which collateral was posted to cover these positions. In the event that the credit rating of East West Bank had been downgraded to below investment grade, the Company would have been required to post minimal additional collateral as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 35 

) ) ) Gross Amounts Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Recognized (2) 
 Master Netting Arrangements Cash Collateral Pledged (4) 
 Security Collateral Pledged (5) 
 Net Amount Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 in thousands) As of December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Recognized (1) 
 Master Netting Arrangements Cash Collateral Received (3) 
 Security Collateral Received (5) 
 Net Amount Derivative assets ) ) ) Gross Amounts Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Recognized (2) 
 Master Netting Arrangements Cash Collateral Pledged (4) 
 Security Collateral Pledged (5) 
 Net Amount Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Includes million and million of gross fair value assets with counterparties that were not subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million of gross fair value liabilities with counterparties that were not subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Gross cash collateral received under master netting arrangements or similar agreements was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of the gross cash collateral received, million and million were used to offset derivative assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Gross cash collateral pledged under master netting arrangements or similar agreements was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of the gross cash collateral pledged, million and million were used to offset derivative liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Represents the fair value of security collateral received or pledged limited to derivative assets or liabilities that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements. U.S. GAAP does not permit the netting of noncash collateral on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but requires the disclosure of such amounts. 
 
 In addition to the amounts included in the tables above, the Company has balance sheet netting related to resale agreements. Refer to Note 4 Securities Purchased under Resale Agreements to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for additional information. Refer to Note 3 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for fair value measurement disclosures on derivatives. 
 36 

Note 7 

CRE: CRE Multifamily residential Construction and land Total CRE Total commercial Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential HELOCs Total residential mortgage Other consumer Total consumer Total loans held-for-investment (1) 
 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans held-for-investment, net (1) 
 
 (1) Includes million and million of net deferred loan fees and net unamortized premiums as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans held-for-investment was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The interest income reversed was insignificant for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the Company s accounting policy on accrued interest receivable related to loans held-for-investment, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Loans Held-for-Investment to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. The Company also has loans held-for-sale. For the Company s accounting policy on loans held-for-sale, refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Loans Held-for-Sale to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company s FRB and FHLB borrowings are primarily secured by loans held-for-investment. Loans held-for-investment totaling billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings and provide additional borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 37 

38 

Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Total C I Gross write-offs (2) 
 CRE: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Subtotal CRE Gross write-offs (2) 
 Multifamily residential: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Subtotal multifamily residential Gross write-offs 
 Construction and land: Pass Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Subtotal construction and land Gross write-offs 
 Total CRE Total CRE gross write-offs (2) 
 Total commercial Total commercial gross write-offs (2) 
 
 39 

Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) (3) 
 Subtotal single-family residential mortgage Gross write-offs (2) 
 HELOCs: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Subtotal HELOCs Gross write-offs 
 Total residential mortgage Total residential mortgage gross write-offs (2) 
 Other consumer: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Total other consumer Gross write-offs (2) 
 Total consumer Total consumer gross write-offs (2) 
 Total loans held-for-investment: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Total Total loans held-for-investment gross write-offs (2) 
 
 40 

Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Total C I Gross write-offs (2) 
 CRE: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) Subtotal CRE Gross write-offs (2) 
 Multifamily residential: 
 Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) Subtotal multifamily residential Gross write-offs 
 Construction and land: Pass Subtotal construction and land 
 Total CRE Total CRE gross write-offs (2) 
 Total commercial Total commercial gross write-offs (2) 
 
 41 

Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) (3) 
 Subtotal single-family residential mortgage HELOCs: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) Subtotal HELOCs Gross write-offs (2) 
 Total residential mortgage Total residential mortgage gross write-offs (2) 
 Other consumer: Pass Criticized (nonaccrual) Total other consumer Total consumer Total consumer gross write-offs (2) 
 Total by Risk Rating: Pass Criticized (accrual) Criticized (nonaccrual) 
 Total Total loans held-for-investment gross write-offs (2) 
 
 (1) revolving commercial loans were converted to term loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . million of total commercial loans, comprised o f C I and CRE revolving loans, were c onverted to term loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . In comparison, million and million of total commercial loans, primarily comprised of CRE revolving loans were converted to term loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. million and million of total consumer loans, comprised of HELOCs, were converted to term loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. In comparison, million and million of total consumer loans, comprised of HELOCs, were converted to term loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes gross write-offs associated with loans the Company sold or settled. 
 (3) As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million of nonaccrual loans whose payments were guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration were classified with a Pass rating. 
 42 

CRE: CRE Multifamily residential Construction and land Total CRE Total commercial Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential HELOCs Total residential mortgage Other consumer Total consumer Total 
 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Current Accruing Loans Accruing Loans 30-59 Days Past Due Accruing Loans 60-89 Days Past Due Total Accruing Past Due Loans Total Nonaccrual Loans Total Loans Commercial: C I CRE: CRE Multifamily residential Construction and land Total CRE Total commercial Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential HELOCs Total residential mortgage 
 Other consumer Total consumer Total 
 
 43 

CRE Multifamily residential Construction and land Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total nonaccrual loans with no related allowance for loan losses 
 
 Foreclosed Assets 
 
 The Company acquires assets from borrowers through loan restructurings, workouts, or foreclosures. Assets acquired may include real properties (e.g., real estate, land, and buildings) and commercial and personal properties. The Company recognizes foreclosed assets upon receiving assets in satisfaction of a loan (e.g., taking legal title or physical possession). 
 
 Foreclosed assets, consisting of OREO and other nonperforming assets, are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company had million of foreclosed assets as of September 30, 2024, compared with million as of December 31, 2023. The Company commences the foreclosure process on consumer mortgage loans after a borrower becomes more than 120 days delinquent in accordance with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau guidelines. The carrying value of the consumer real estate loans that were in an active or suspended foreclosure process was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

44 

CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Modification Type in thousands) Term Extension Payment Delay Combination: Term Extension/ Payment Delay Combination: Rate Reduction/ Payment Delay 
 Total Modification as a of Loan Class Commercial: C I CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Modification Type in thousands) Term Extension Payment Delay Combination: Term Extension/ Payment Delay Combination: Rate Reduction/ Payment Delay Total Modification as a of Loan Class Commercial: C I CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Other consumer Total consumer Total 
 45 

CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 
 The following tables present the financial effects of the loan modifications for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by loan class and modification type: 
 Financial Effects of Loan Modifications for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted-Average Term Extension (in years) Weighted-Average Payment Delay (in years) Principal Forgiveness Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted-Average Term Extension (in years) Weighted-Average Payment Delay 
 (in years) 
 Commercial: C I (1) 
 (1) 
 CRE Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs 
 Financial Effects of Loan Modifications for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted-Average Term Extension (in years) Weighted-Average Payment Delay (in years) Principal Forgiveness Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted-Average Term Extension (in years) Weighted-Average Payment Delay (in years) Commercial: C I (1) 
 (1) 
 CRE Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Other consumer 
 (1) Comprised of a C I loan modified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 where the interest was waived in addition to principal forgiveness. 
 
 A modified loan may become delinquent and result in a payment default (generally 90 days past due) subsequent to modification. loans that received modifications and subsequently defaulted during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 46 

HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 Loans Modified Subsequently Defaulted During the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 in thousands) Term Extension Payment Delay Combination: Rate Reduction/ Payment Delay Combination: Term Extension/ Payment Delay Total Commercial: C I Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 
 CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Other consumer Total consumer Total 
 47 

CRE Total commercial Consumer: Single-family residential HELOCs Total consumer Total 
 
 Commitments outstanding to lend additional funds to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose loans were modified were million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

48 

Quantitative Component Allowance for Loan Losses for the Commercial Loan Portfolio 
 
 The Company s C I lifetime loss rate model estimates the loss rate expected over the life of a loan. This loss rate is applied to the amortized cost basis, excluding accrued interest receivable, to determine expected credit losses. The lifetime loss rate model s reasonable and supportable period spans quarters, thereafter, immediately reverting to the historical average loss rate, expressed through the loan-level lifetime loss rate. 
 
 To generate estimates of expected loss at the loan level for CRE, multifamily residential, and construction and land loans, projected probabilities of default PDs and loss given defaults LGDs are applied to the estimated exposure at default, considering the term and payment structure of the loan. The forecast of future economic conditions returns to long-run historical economic trends within the reasonable and supportable period. 
 
 To estimate the life of a loan under both models, the contractual term of the loan is adjusted for estimated prepayments based on historical prepayment experience. 
 
 Quantitative Component Allowance for Loan Losses for the Consumer Loan Portfolio 
 
 For single-family residential and HELOC loans, projected PDs and LGDs are applied to the estimated exposure at default, considering the term and payment structure of the loan, to generate estimates of expected loss at the loan level. The forecast of future economic conditions returns to long-run historical economic trends after the reasonable and supportable period. To estimate the life of a loan for the single-family residential and HELOC loan portfolios, the contractual term of the loan is adjusted for estimated prepayments based on historical prepayment experience. For other consumer loans, the Company uses a loss rate approach. 
 
 Qualitative Component The Company considers the following qualitative factors in the determination of the collectively evaluated allowance if these factors have not already been captured by the quantitative model. Such qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to: 
 
 loan growth trends; 
 the volume and severity of past due financial assets, and criticized or adversely classified financial assets; 
 the Company s lending policies and procedures, including changes in lending strategies, underwriting standards, collection, write-off and recovery practices; 
 knowledge of a borrower s operations; 
 the quality of the Company s credit review system; 
 the experience, ability and depth of the Company s management and associates; 
 the effect of other external factors such as the regulatory and legal environments, or changes in technology; 
 49 

As of September 30, 2024, collateral-dependent commercial and consumer loans totaled million and million, respectively. In comparison, collateral-dependent commercial and consumer loans totaled million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. The Company's collateral-dependent loans were secured by real estate. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the collateral value of the properties securing the collateral-dependent loans, net of selling costs, exceeded the recorded value of the majority of the loans. 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses on loans (a) ) ) ) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Gross recoveries Total net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Allowance for loan losses, end of period 
 50 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses on loans (a) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Gross recoveries Total net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Allowance for loan losses, end of period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Consumer CRE Residential Mortgage in thousands) C I CRE Multifamily Residential Construction and Land Single-Family Residential HELOCs Other Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses, beginning of period Provision for (reversal of) credit losses on loans (a) ) ) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Gross recoveries Total net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Allowance for loan losses, end of period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Consumer CRE Residential Mortgage in thousands) C I CRE Multifamily Residential Construction and Land Single-Family Residential HELOCs Other Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses, December 31, 2022 Impact of ASU 2022-02 adoption Allowance for loan losses, beginning of period Provision for (reversal of) credit losses on loans (a) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Gross recoveries Total net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Allowance for loan losses, end of period 
 
 51 

Provision for credit losses on unfunded credit commitments (b) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Allowance for unfunded credit commitments, end of period Provision for credit losses (a) + (b) 

million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of million, compared with million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the allowance for credit losses was primarily driven by the Company s net loan growth, qualitative risk assessment and economic outlook that reflected continued caution regarding inflation, the high-interest rate environment and certain CRE markets. 
 
 The Company considers multiple economic scenarios to develop the estimate of the allowance for loan losses. The scenarios may consist of a baseline forecast representing management's view of the most likely outcome, and downside or upside scenarios that reflect possible worsening or improving economic conditions. As of September 30, 2024, the Company assigned the same weightings to its baseline, upside and downside scenarios as compared with December 31, 2023. The current baseline economic forecast continues to reflect key risks such as still-elevated interest rates, inflation, concerns over global conflicts and oil prices. Compared to December 2023, the September 2024 baseline forecast for GDP growth showed improvement in the near term (full years 2024 and 2025) and a slight worsening for longer-term (2026 and beyond). The unemployment rate has remained low with the September 2024 forecast showing a small uptick for the remainder of 2024 and into 2025, compared to the December 2023 forecast for the same periods. The downside scenario assumed the economy falls into recession in the fourth quarter of 2024 as a result of still-elevated interest rates, global and domestic political tensions, and concerns about bank failures. The upside scenario assumed a more optimistic economic outlook, including stronger growth, stable financial market, and full employment starting in the first quarter of 2025. 

Sales (2) (3) 
 Purchases (4) 
 
 52 

Sales (2) (3) 
 Purchases (4) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Consumer CRE Residential Mortgage in thousands) C I CRE Construction and Land Single-Family Residential Total Loans transferred from held-for-investment to held-for-sale (1) 
 Sales (2) (3) 
 Purchases (4) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Consumer CRE Residential Mortgage in thousands) C I CRE Construction and Land Single-Family Residential Total Loans transferred from held-for-investment to held-for-sale (1) 
 Sales (2) (3) 
 Purchases (4) 
 
 (1) Includes write-downs of million and million to the allowance for loan losses related to loans transferred from held-for-investment to held-for-sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Includes originated loans sold of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Originated loans sold consisted primarily of C I loans for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Includes million and million of purchased loans sold in the secondary market for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) C I loan purchases were comprised of syndicated C I term loans. 

Note 8 
 
 minimum compliance period. The Company also invests in small business investment companies and new markets tax credit projects that qualify for CRA consideration, as well as eligible projects that qualify for production, historic and renewable energy tax credits. Investments in new markets tax credits promote development in low-income communities, investments in production and renewable energy tax credits help promote the development of renewable energy sources, and investments in historic tax credits promote the rehabilitation of historic buildings and economic revitalization of the surrounding areas. 
 
 53 

Tax credit and CRA investments Equity method of accounting and other: Tax credits and CRA investments Total 
 (1) Included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 54 

Tax credit and CRA investments Equity method of accounting and other: Tax credit and CRA investments Total tax credits and benefits Amortization: PAM: Affordable housing partnership investments (2) 
 Tax credit and CRA investments (3) 
 Equity method of accounting and other: Tax credit and CRA investments (4) (5) 
 Total amortization 
 (1) Included in Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) Amortization related to investments in qualified affordable housing partnerships under PAM was recorded in Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Due to the adoption of ASU 2023-02 on January 1, 2024, amortization related to qualifying tax credit investments under PAM was recorded in Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Amortization related to tax credit and CRA investments was recognized in Amortization of tax credit and CRA investments as part of noninterest expense on the Consolidated Statement Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (5) Includes net impairment losses of million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and net impairment recoveries of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The activity for both periods was primarily related to historic tax credits. In comparison, there were impairment recoveries or losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company also held equity securities without readily determinable fair values totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are included in Other Assets and Affordable housing partnership, tax credit and CRA investments, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Note 9 
 
 million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Based on the Company s annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2023, there was impairment. Additional information pertaining to the Company s accounting policy for goodwill is summarized in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. The Company performed an analysis of goodwill during the third quarter of 2024 that consisted of a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the carrying values of each reporting unit exceeded their estimated fair values. The results of this analysis indicated that impairment of goodwill existed as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 million as of September 30, 2024, of which million was comprised of equity method goodwill. For additional information on this investment, refer to Note 7 - Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Partnerships, Tax Credit and Other Investments, Net and Variable Interest Entities 
 
 55 

Note 10 

12/15/2035 Bank BTFP borrowings 03/19/2024 
 FHLB advances (3) : 
 Floating (2) 
 
 2025 Fixed 
 
 2026 Total FHLB advances 
 
 (1) The weighted-average interest rates for junior subordinated debt were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Floating interest rates are based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus the established spread. 
 (3) The weighted-average interest rate for FHLB advances was as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Bank s available borrowing capacity from FHLB advances totaled billion as of September 30, 2024. The Bank s available borrowing capacity from the FHLB is derived from its portfolio of loans that are pledged to the FHLB, reduced by any outstanding FHLB advances. As of September 30, 2024, all advances were secured by real estate loans. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company redeemed approximately million of junior subordinated debt and repaid billion of BTFP borrowings upon maturity. For additional information on the BTFP and junior subordinated debt, refer to Note 10 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 

Note 11 
 
 Commercial letters of credit and standby letters of credit SBLCs 
 Total 
 
 Loan commitments are agreements to lend to customers provided there are no violations of any conditions established in the agreement. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require commitment fees. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future funding requirements. 
 56 

billion consisted of SBLCs of billion and commercial letters of credit of million. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, total letters of credit of billion consisted of SBLCs of billion and commercial letters of credit of million. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, substantially all letters of credit were graded Pass using the Bank s internal credit risk rating system. 
 
 The Company applies the same credit underwriting criteria to extend loans, commitments, and conditional obligations to customers. Each customer s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Collateral and financial guarantees may be obtained based on management s assessment of a customer s credit risk. Collateral may include cash, accounts receivable, inventory, personal property, plant and equipment, and real estate property. 
 
 Estimated exposure to loss from these commitments is included in the allowance for unfunded credit commitments and amounted to million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Guarantees From time to time, the Company sells or securitizes single-family and multifamily residential loans with recourse in the ordinary course of business. The Company is obligated to repurchase up to the recourse component of the loans if the loans default. 
 Multifamily residential loans sold or securitized with recourse Total 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance. 
 
 The Company s recourse reserve related to these guarantees is included in the allowance for unfunded credit commitments and totaled thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The allowance for unfunded credit commitments is included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company continues to experience minimal losses from the single-family and multifamily residential loan portfolios sold or securitized with recourse. 
 
 57 

Thus, the Company s exposure and ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly more, than the amounts accrued. 

Note 12 
 
 outstanding awards other than RSUs as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Related net tax benefits (expenses) for stock compensation plans 
 ) 
 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs are granted under the Company s long-term incentive plan at no cost to the recipient. RSUs generally cliff vest after of continued employment from the date of the grant and are authorized to settle in shares of the Company s common stock. Dividends are accrued during the vesting period and paid at the time of vesting. While a portion of the RSUs are time-based vesting awards, others vest subject to the attainment of additional specified performance goals, referred to as performance-based RSUs. Performance-based RSUs are granted annually upon approval by the Company s Compensation and Management Development Committee based on the performance in the year prior to the grant date of the award. The number of awards that vest can range from percent to a maximum of of the granted number of awards based on the Company s achievement of specified performance criteria over a performance period of . For information on accounting on stock-based compensation plans, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Stock-Based Compensation to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 58 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there were million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested time-based RSUs expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years, and million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested performance-based RSUs expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Note 13 
 
 Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Basic EPS Diluted: Net income Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Add: Dilutive impact of unvested RSUs Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding Diluted EPS 
 
 Approximately thousand and thousand weighted-average shares of anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the diluted EPS computations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. In comparison, approximately million and thousand weighted-average shares of anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the diluted EPS computations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program In 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to buy ba ck up to million of the Company s common stock. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 , there were share repurchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company repurchased shares at an average price of per share at a total cost of million. The Company did repurchase any shares during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million available for repurchases under its stock repurchase program. 
 
 59 

Note 14 ) ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Changes, net of tax ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Changes, net of tax ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 ) ) 
 in thousands) Debt Securities (1) 
 Cash Flow Hedges Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments (2) 
 Total Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net unrealized losses arising during the period 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Changes, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Changes, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes after-tax unamortized losses related to AFS debt securities that were transferred to HTM in 2022. 
 (2) Represents foreign currency translation adjustments related to the Company s net investment in non-U.S. operations, including related hedges. The functional currency and reporting currency of the Company s foreign subsidiary was RMB and USD, respectively. 
 
 60 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustments: Net realized gains on AFS debt securities reclassified into net income (1) 
 ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on transferred debt securities (2) 
 ) ) Net change ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
 ) ) ) Net realized losses reclassified into net income (3) 
 ) ) Net change ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of hedges: Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Before-Tax Tax Effect Net-of-Tax Before-Tax Tax Effect Net-of-Tax Debt securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
 ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments: Net realized (gains) losses on AFS debt securities reclassified into net income (1) 
 ) ) (4) 
 ) Amortization of unrealized losses on transferred securities (2) 
 ) ) Net change ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized losses arising during the period ) ) ) ) Net realized losses reclassified into net income (3) 
 ) ) Net change ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of hedges: Net unrealized gains arising during the period ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Pre-tax amounts were reported in Net gains (losses) on AFS debt securities on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (2) Represents unrealized losses amortized over the remaining lives of securities that were transferred from the AFS to HTM portfolio in 2022. 
 (3) Pre-tax amounts related to cash flow hedges on variable rate loans and long-term borrowings, where applicable, were reported in Interest and dividend income and in Interest expense, respectively , on the Consolidated Statement of Income. In the first quarter of 2023, the pre-tax amount also included the terminated cash flow hedge where the forecasted cash flows were no longer probable to occur and was reported in Noninterest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (4) Represents the loss related to an AFS debt security that was written off in the first quarter of 2023. 
 61 

Note 15 
 
 reportable operating segments: (1) Consumer and Business Banking; (2) Commercial Banking; and (3) Treasury and Other. These segments are defined by the type of customers served, and the related products and services provided. The segments reflect how financial information is currently evaluated by management. Operating segment results are based on the Company s internal management reporting process, which reflects assignments and allocations of certain balance sheet and income statement items. The information presented is not indicative of how the segments would perform if they operated as independent entities. 
 
 The Consumer and Business Banking segment primarily provides financial products and services to consumer and commercial customers through the Company s domestic branch network and digital banking platforms. This segment offers consumer and commercial deposits, mortgage and home equity loans, and other products and services. It also originates commercial loans for small- and medium-sized enterprises through the Company s branch network. Other products and services provided by this segment include wealth management, private banking, treasury management, interest rate risk hedging and foreign exchange services. 
 
 The Commercial Banking segment primarily generates commercial loan and deposit products. Commercial loan products include CRE lending, construction financing, commercial business lending, working capital lines of credit, trade finance, letters of credit, affordable housing lending, asset-based lending, asset-backed finance, project finance and equipment financing. Commercial deposit products and other financial services include treasury management, foreign exchange services and interest rate and commodity risk hedging. 
 
 The remaining centralized functions, including the corporate treasury activities of the Company and eliminations of inter-segment amounts, have been aggregated and included in the Treasury and Other segment, which provides broad administrative support to the core segments, namely the Consumer and Business Banking and the Commercial Banking segments. 
 
 The Company utilizes an internal reporting process to measure the performance of the operating segments within the Company. The internal reporting process derives operating segment results by utilizing allocation methodologies for revenues and expenses. Net interest income of each segment represents the difference between actual interest earned on assets and interest incurred on liabilities of the segment, adjusted for funding charges or credits through the Company s internal funds transfer pricing FTP process. Noninterest income and noninterest expense directly attributable to a business segment are assigned to that segment. Indirect costs, including technology-related costs and corporate overhead, are allocated based on a segment s estimated usage using factors including but not limited to, full-time equivalent employees, net interest income, and loan and deposit volume. Charge-offs are recorded to the segment directly associated with the respective loans charged off, and provision for credit losses is recorded to the segments based on the related loans for which allowances are evaluated. The Company s internal reporting process utilizes a full-allocation methodology. Under this methodology, corporate and indirect expenses incurred by the Treasury and Other segment are allocated to the Consumer and Business Banking and the Commercial Banking segments, except certain corporate treasury-related expenses and insignificant unallocated expenses. 
 
 The corporate treasury function within the Treasury and Other segment is responsible for the Company s liquidity and interest rate management, and the internal FTP process. The FTP process is formulated with the goal of encouraging loan and deposit growth that is consistent with the Company s overall profitability objectives, as well as providing a reasonable and consistent basis for the measurement of its business segments net interest margins and profitability. The FTP process charges a cost to fund loans FTP charges for loans and allocates credits for funds provided from deposits FTP credits for deposits using internal FTP rates. FTP charges for loans are determined based on a matched cost of funds, which is tied to the pricing and term characteristics of the loans. FTP credits for deposits are based on matched funding credit rates, which are tied to the implied or stated maturity of the deposits. FTP credits for deposits reflect the long-term value generated by the deposits. The net spread between the total internal FTP charges and credits is recorded as part of net interest income in the Treasury and Other segment. The FTP process transfers the corporate interest rate risk exposure to the treasury function within the Treasury and Other segment, where such exposures are centrally managed. The Company s internal FTP assumptions and methodologies are reviewed at least annually to ensure that the process is reflective of current market conditions. 
 
 62 

) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes ) Segment net income As of September 30, 2024 Segment assets 
 in thousands) Consumer and Business Banking Commercial Banking Treasury and Other 
 Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income (loss) before provision for credit losses 
 ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes ) Segment net income (loss) 
 ) As of September 30, 2023 Segment assets 
 in thousands) Consumer and Business Banking Commercial Banking Treasury and Other 
 Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net interest income (loss) before provision for credit losses 
 ) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes ) Segment net income As of September 30, 2024 Segment assets 
 63 

) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes ) Segment net income As of September 30, 2023 Segment assets 
 64 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Page Overview 
 66 
 Financial Review 
 68 
 Results of Operations 
 69 
 Net Interest Income 
 69 
 Noninterest Income 
 76 
 Noninterest Expense 
 77 
 Income Taxes 
 78 
 Operating Segment Results 
 78 
 Balance Sheet Analysis 
 83 
 Debt Securities 
 83 
 Loan Portfolio 
 85 
 Foreign Outstandings 
 91 
 Capital 
 91 
 Deposits and Other Sources of Fund ing 
 92 
 Regulatory Capital and Ratios 
 94 
 Risk Management 
 95 
 Credit Risk Management 
 95 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 99 
 Market Risk Management 
 102 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 107 
 Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 107 

65 

Overview 
 
 The following discussion provides information about the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources of East West Bancorp, Inc. (referred to herein on an unconsolidated basis as East West and on a consolidated basis as the Company, we, our or EWBC and its subsidiaries, including its subsidiary bank, East West Bank and its subsidiaries (referred to herein as East West Bank or the Bank ). This information is intended to facilitate the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the Company s results of operations and financial condition. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes presented elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q ), and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the United States U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 29, 2024 (the Company s 2023 Form 10-K ). 
 
 Organization and Strategy 
 
 East West is a bank holding company incorporated in Delaware on August 26, 1998, and is registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company commenced business on December 30, 1998 when, pursuant to a reorganization, it acquired all of the voting stock of the Bank, which became its principal asset. The Bank is an independent commercial bank headquartered in California that focuses on the financial service needs of individuals and businesses that operate in both the U.S. and Asia. Through over 110 locations in the U.S. and Asia, the Company provides a full range of consumer and commercial products and services through the following three business segments: (1) Consumer and Business Banking and (2) Commercial Banking, with the remaining operations recorded in (3) Treasury and Other . The Company s principal activity is lending to and accepting deposits from businesses and individuals. We are committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value by growing loans, deposits and revenue, improving profitability, and investing for the future while managing risks, expenses and capital. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers financial goals, and meeting our customers financial needs through our diverse products and services. We expect our relationship-focused business model to continue generating organic growth from existing customers and to expand our targeted customer bases. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 74.5 billion in total assets and approximately 3,500 full-time equivalent employees. For additional information on our strategy, and the products and services provided by the Bank, see Item 1. Business Strategy and Banking Services in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Current Developments 
 
 Economic Developments 
 
 Given recent external data indicating that the pace of inflation is slowing, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve moved to cut the Federal Funds Rate by 50 basis points bps following its September 2024 meeting. The Federal Reserve is expected to continue gradually cutting interest rates over the near term. However, risks of a reacceleration in inflation or an economic slowdown remain, and may lead to the Federal Reserve cutting interest rates slower or faster than anticipated. Elevated interest rates had created affordability challenges for many borrowers. The commercial real estate CRE market remains under pressure, primarily from decreased demand for office space in 2024, potentially extending to 2025, affecting both the demand for CRE loans and loan performance. The Company monitors changes in economic and industry conditions and their impacts on the Company s business, customers, employees, communities and markets. Further discussion of the potential impacts on the Company s business due to the economic environment has been provided in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Financial Matters in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 66 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Special Assessment 
 
 In November 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC approved a final rule to implement a special deposit insurance assessment to recover losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF arising from the protection of uninsured depositors following the receiverships of failed institutions in the spring of 2023. The Company recognized assessment expense of approximately 70 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition, the FDIC retained the ability to make further adjustments to the special assessment depending on subsequent adjustments to the DIF s estimated loss. During 2024, the FDIC revised its loss estimate and projected that the special assessment would be collected for an additional two quarters beyond its initial eight-quarter collection period. As a result, the Company recorded an additional 12 million of FDIC special assessment charge FDIC charge during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Climate Accountability 
 
 In October 2023, California Governor Gavin Newsom signed into law Senate Bill 253, the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act CCDAA and Senate Bill 261, the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act CRFRA ). On September 27, 2024, California Governor Gavin Newsom signed Senate Bill 219 SB 219 into law, which extended the date for the California Air Resources Board CARB to adopt the regulation for the CCDAA to July 1, 2025. SB 219 also clarified that reports under the CCDAA would be permitted to be consolidated at the parent company level and that subsidiaries would be exempt from reporting. 
 
 The reporting requirements for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions under the CCDAA remain in 2026; reporting entities will be required to report indirect upstream and downstream supply-chain greenhouse gas emissions ("Scope 3 emissions") at a date in 2027 to be specified by the CARB. The reporting requirements for the CRFRA remain at on or before January 1, 2026. The Company is a reporting entity under both laws and is monitoring the development of CARB s implementing regulations. 
 
 Regulatory Updates 
 
 On June 20, 2024, the FDIC released a final rule that requires covered insured depository institutions IDIs to develop and submit detailed plans demonstrating how they could be resolved in an orderly and timely manner in the event of receivership. IDIs with total assets of 100 billion or more are required to submit full resolution plans, and IDIs with total assets between 50 billion and 100 billion, including the Bank, are required to submit more limited informational filings. The first informational filings required under the final rule will be due no earlier than October 1, 2025. Under the final rule, if the FDIC deemed a resolution plan or informational filing not credible and the IDI failed to resubmit a credible plan, the IDI could become subject to an enforcement action. The Company has established a working group with senior executive management to prepare and complete a credible resolution plan for timely submission as part of the initial informational filing required by the final rule. 
 
 On July 30, 2024, the FDIC issued a proposed rule that would revise the FDIC s regulations governing the classification and treatment of brokered deposits. The proposal would, among other changes, broaden the definition of deposit broker to include agents that place or facilitate the placement of third-party deposits at only one insured depository institution and agents that receive a fee or other remuneration in exchange for the placement of deposits. In addition, the proposal would narrow the exception to the definition of deposit broker for agents whose primary purpose is not the placement of funds with depository institutions. While we are evaluating the potential impact of the proposed rule, if the rule is finalized as proposed, the Company may be required to classify a greater amount of its deposits obtained with the involvement of third parties as brokered deposits. An increase in the amount of brokered deposits on the Company s balance sheet could, among other consequences, increase the Company s deposit insurance assessment costs. 
 
 On September 17, 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ withdrew its 1995 Bank Merger Guidelines and announced that it will instead evaluate the competitive impact of bank mergers using its 2023 Merger Guidelines that the DOJ applies to mergers in all industries. Compared to the 1995 Bank Merger Guidelines, the 2023 Merger Guidelines set forth more stringent market concentration limits and add several largely qualitative bases on which the DOJ may challenge a merger. While the effect of these changes in the DOJ s bank merger antitrust policy for particular transactions remains unclear, these changes may make it more difficult and/or costly for the Company to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or otherwise result in more onerous conditions to obtain approval for an acquisition. 
 67 

Financial Review 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, and shares in thousands, except per share, and ratio data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Summary of operations: Net interest income before provision for credit losses 572,722 570,813 1,691,090 1,737,420 Noninterest income 84,761 76,752 248,422 215,361 Total revenue 657,483 647,565 1,939,512 1,952,781 Provision for credit losses 42,000 42,000 104,000 88,000 Noninterest expense 226,166 252,014 709,475 732,250 Income before income taxes 389,317 353,551 1,126,037 1,132,531 Income tax expense 90,151 65,813 253,566 210,323 Net income 299,166 287,738 872,471 922,208 Per share: Basic earnings 2.16 2.03 6.28 6.52 Diluted earnings 2.14 2.02 6.23 6.49 Adjusted diluted earnings (1) 
 2.09 2.02 6.22 6.53 Dividends declared 0.55 0.48 1.65 1.44 Weighted-average number of shares outstanding: Basic 138,606 141,485 138,997 141,356 Diluted 139,648 142,122 139,939 142,044 Performance metrics: Return on average assets ROA 1.62 1.66 1.62 1.83 Return on average common equity ROE 15.99 17.28 16.24 19.23 Return on average tangible common equity TCE (1) 
 17.08 18.65 17.40 20.80 Common dividend payout ratio 25.82 23.88 26.66 22.31 Net interest margin 3.24 3.48 3.28 3.66 Efficiency ratio (2) 
 34.40 38.92 36.58 37.50 FTE efficiency ratio (1) 
 34.38 38.89 36.51 37.47 
 At period end: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total assets 74,483,720 69,612,884 Total loans 53,253,181 52,210,898 Total deposits 61,700,115 56,092,438 Common shares outstanding at period-end 138,609 140,027 Book value per share 55.30 49.64 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 51.90 46.27 
 (1) For additional information regarding the reconciliation of these non-U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP financial measures, refer to Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Form 10-Q. 
 (2) Efficiency ratio is calculated as noninterest expense divided by total revenue. 
 
 68 

The Company s third quarter 2024 net income was 299 million, an increase of 11 million or 4 , from third quarter 2023 net income of 288 million. The increase was primarily due to lower noninterest expense and higher noninterest income, partially offset by higher income tax expense. Net income for the first nine months of 2024 was 872 million, a decrease of 50 million or 5 , from the first nine months of 2023 net income of 922 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower net interest income, higher income tax expense and provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest income and lower noninterest expense. Noteworthy aspects of the Company s performance for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 included: 
 
 Net interest income and net interest margin . Third quarter 2024 net interest income before provision for credit losses was 573 million, an increase of 2 million from the third quarter of 2023. Third quarter 2024 net interest margin of 3.24 declined 24 bps year-over-year. For the first nine months of 2024, net interest income before provision for credit losses was 1.7 billion , a decrease of 46 million or 3 , year-over-year. The net interest margin for the first nine months of 2024 was 3.28 , down 38 bps year-over-year. 
 
 Profitability ratios. Third quarter 2024 ROA, ROE and the return on average TCE of 1.62 , 15.99 and 17.08 , respectively, were down year-over-year. ROA, ROE and the return on average TCE of 1.62 , 16.24 and 17.40 , respectively, for the first nine months of 2024, were also down year-over-year. Return on average TCE is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional details, see the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures presented under Item 2. MD A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Efficiency ratios. Third quarter 2024 efficiency ratio of 34.40 improved 452 bps from 38.92 for the same period in 2023, while the FTE efficiency ratio of 34.38 improved 451 bps from 38.89 for the same period in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, the efficiency ratio of 36.58 improved 92 bps from 37.50 for the same period in 2023, while the FTE efficiency ratio of 36.51 improved 96 bps from 37.47 for the same period in 2023. The FTE efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure, see Item 2. MD A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Asset growth. Total assets reached 74.5 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.9 billion or 7 , from December 31, 2023, primarily driven by a 3.9 billion or 64 increase in available-for-sale AFS debt securities and a 1.0 billion or 2 increase in loans held-for-investment. 
 
 Deposit growth. Total deposits were 61.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.6 billion or 10 , from December 31, 2023, primarily reflecting growth across the Commercial and Consumer and Business Banking segments. 
 
 Strong capital levels. Stockholders equity was 7.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, up 10 from 7.0 billion as of December 31, 2023. Book value per share of 55.30 as of September 30, 2024, was up 11 , compared with 49.64 as of December 31, 2023. Tangible book value per share of 51.90 as of September 30, 2024, was up 12 , compared with 46.27 as of December 31, 2023. Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional details, see the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures presented under I tem 2. MD A - Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Form 10-Q. 

Results of Operations 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The Company s primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the interest income earned on interest-earning assets less interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. Net interest income and net interest margin are impacted by several factors, including changes in average balances and the composition of interest-earning assets and funding sources, market interest rate fluctuations and the slope of the yield curve, repricing characteristics and maturity of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the volume of noninterest-bearing sources of funds and asset quality. 
 
 69 

Net interest margin for the third quarter of 2024, net interest income and net interest margin for the first nine months of 2024 all decreased year-over-year. These year-over-year decreases were primarily due to higher deposit funding costs and shifts in the deposit mix to higher cost time and money market deposits, and higher Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances, partially offset by higher loan yields and loan growth, increases in AFS debt securities volume and yield, and a decrease in Bank Term Funding Program BTFP average balances. The increase in net interest income for the third quarter of 2024, compared with the same prior year period primarily reflected loan growth and an increase in AFS debt securities volume, which slightly outpaced the higher cost of deposits and an increase in FHLB advances. 

Average interest-earning assets were 70.3 billion for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 5.2 billion or 8 from 65.1 billion for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, average interest-earning assets were 68.9 billion, an increase of 5.4 billion or 8 from 63.5 billion for the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increases in average interest-earning assets primarily reflected loan growth and an increase in AFS debt securities. 
 
 The yield on average interest-earning assets for the third quarter of 2024 was 6.09 , an increase of 22 bps from 5.87 for the third quarter of 2023. The yield on average interest-earning assets for the first nine months of 2024 was 6.08 , an increase of 39 bps from 5.69 for the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increases in the yield on average interest-earning assets primarily reflected loan growth, an increase in AFS debt securities and higher benchmark interest rates. 
 
 70 

The average loan yield for the third quarter of 2024 was 6.73 , an increase of 22 bps from 6.51 for the third quarter of 2023. The average loan yield for the first nine months of 2024 was 6.72 , an increase of 39 bps from 6.33 for the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increases in the average loan yield reflected the loan portfolio s sensitivity to higher benchmark interest rates and loan growth. Approximately 58 of loans held-for-investment were variable rate a s of both September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Deposits are an important source of funding for the Company. Average deposits were 60.6 billion for the third quarter of 2024, which increased 5.4 billion or 10 from 55.2 billion for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, average deposits were 58.9 billion, which increased 4.1 billion or 7 from 54.8 billion for the first nine months of 2023. 
 71 

Average noninterest-bearing deposits were 14.6 billion for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 1.7 billion or 10 from 16.3 billion for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, average noninterest-bearing deposits were 14.7 billion, a decrease of 2.9 billion or 16 from 17.6 billion for the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year decreases in noninterest-bearing deposits reflected the deposit mix shift to time and money market deposits. Average noninterest-bearing deposits made up 24 and 30 of average deposits for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 25 and 32 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, the average cost of deposits increased 55 bps and 87 bps, respectively; while the average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased 48 bps and 88 bps, respectively. These year-over-year increases primarily reflected shifts in the deposit mix to time and money market deposits, and rising deposit costs in response to the higher interest rate environment. 
 
 The average cost of funds calculation includes deposits, BTFP, short-term borrowings and federal funds purchased, FHLB advances, securities sold under repurchase agreements repurchase agreements ), and long-term debt and finance lease liabilities. For the third quarter of 2024, the average cost of funds was 3.12 , a 53 bp increase from 2.59 for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, the average cost of funds was 3.07 , an 86 bp increase from 2.21 for the first nine months of 2023. The year-over year increases were mainly driven by the increased cost of deposits as discussed above. 
 
 The Company utilizes various tools to manage interest rate risk. Refer to the Interest Rate Risk Management section of Item 2. MD A Risk Management Market Risk Management in this Form 10-Q. 
 72 

The following table presents the interest spread, net interest margin, average balances, interest income and expense, and the average yield/rate by asset and liability component for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate (1) 
 ASSETS Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing cash and deposits with banks 4,987,191 60,060 4.79 5,392,795 67,751 4.98 Securities purchased under resale agreements 
 443,261 1,663 1.49 648,587 4,460 2.73 Debt securities: AFS (2) (3) 
 9,316,232 111,552 4.76 6,074,119 57,177 3.73 Held-to-maturity HTM (2) 
 2,931,033 12,431 1.69 2,967,703 12,601 1.68 Total debt securities (2) 
 12,247,265 123,983 4.03 9,041,822 69,778 3.06 Loans: Commercial and industrial C I (2) 
 16,492,589 328,619 7.93 15,400,172 306,542 7.90 CRE (2) 
 20,272,662 328,254 6.44 20,059,280 317,416 6.28 Residential mortgage 15,601,307 229,727 5.86 14,365,493 193,913 5.36 Other consumer 53,958 753 5.55 63,917 848 5.26 Total loans (2) (4) (5) 
 52,420,516 887,353 6.73 49,888,862 818,719 6.51 Restricted equity securities 165,262 2,840 6.84 79,395 1,079 5.39 Total interest-earning assets 70,263,495 1,075,899 6.09 65,051,461 961,787 5.87 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 341,856 544,939 Allowance for loan losses (691,399) (629,229) Other assets 3,354,206 3,969,615 Total assets 73,268,158 68,936,786 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking deposits 7,762,719 58,226 2.98 8,080,025 54,285 2.67 Money market deposits 14,201,258 136,384 3.82 12,180,806 113,217 3.69 Savings deposits 1,744,644 4,811 1.10 2,013,246 4,047 0.80 Time deposits 22,270,124 254,650 4.55 16,621,683 166,747 3.98 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 45,978,745 454,071 3.93 38,895,760 338,296 3.45 BTFP, short-term borrowings and federal funds purchased 1,170 16 5.44 4,501,327 49,575 4.37 Short-term repurchase agreements 3,455 49 5.64 13,897 193 5.51 FHLB advances 3,440,219 48,261 5.58 1 0.00 Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities 36,084 780 8.60 152,962 2,910 7.55 Total interest-bearing liabilities 49,459,673 503,177 4.05 43,563,947 390,974 3.56 Noninterest-bearing liabilities and stockholders equity: Demand deposits 14,606,511 16,302,296 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,758,641 2,465,745 Stockholders equity 7,443,333 6,604,798 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 73,268,158 68,936,786 Interest rate spread 2.04 2.31 Net interest income and net interest margin 572,722 3.24 570,813 3.48 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) Yields on tax-exempt securities and loans are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 (3) Includes the amortization of net premiums on AFS debt securities of 9 million and 8 million for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Average balances include nonperforming loans and loans held-for-sale. 
 (5) Loans include the accretion of net deferred loan fees and amortization of net premiums, which totaled 12 million and 13 million for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 73 

The following table presents the interest spread, net interest margin, average balances, interest income and expense, and the average yield/rate by asset and liability component for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate (1) 
 ASSETS Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing cash and deposits with banks 5,054,542 183,848 4.86 4,703,843 164,393 4.67 Assets purchased under resale agreements (2) 
 550,913 9,663 2.34 659,621 12,932 2.62 Debt securities: AFS (3) (4) 
 8,125,876 273,652 4.50 6,146,653 166,666 3.63 HTM (3) 
 2,940,920 37,455 1.70 2,982,284 38,013 1.70 Total debt securities (3) 
 11,066,796 311,107 3.76 9,128,937 204,679 3.00 Loans: C I (3) 
 16,318,594 977,077 8.00 15,348,662 869,914 7.58 CRE (3) 
 20,318,851 975,447 6.41 19,625,224 900,601 6.14 Residential mortgage 15,397,583 667,367 5.79 13,928,776 545,442 5.24 Other consumer 54,233 2,292 5.65 67,181 2,412 4.80 Total loans (3) (5) (6) 
 52,089,261 2,622,183 6.72 48,969,843 2,318,369 6.33 Restricted equity securities 141,051 7,129 6.75 83,013 3,054 4.92 Total interest-earning assets 68,902,563 3,133,930 6.08 63,545,257 2,703,427 5.69 Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 332,983 578,144 Allowance for loan losses (681,988) (617,381) Other assets 3,496,156 3,690,570 Total assets 72,049,714 67,196,590 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking deposits 7,642,423 164,727 2.88 7,675,325 127,030 2.21 Money market deposits 13,855,167 406,450 3.92 11,295,157 275,738 3.26 Savings deposits 1,783,011 13,935 1.04 2,215,102 11,679 0.70 Time deposits 20,886,769 706,640 4.52 15,993,669 428,120 3.58 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 44,167,370 1,291,752 3.91 37,179,253 842,567 3.03 BTFP, short-term borrowings and federal funds purchased 1,284,826 42,154 4.38 3,284,663 107,432 4.37 FHLB advances 2,501,826 104,840 5.60 164,836 6,430 5.22 Repurchase agreements 3,370 142 5.63 45,080 1,456 4.32 Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities 65,969 3,952 8.00 152,716 8,122 7.11 Total interest-bearing liabilities 48,023,361 1,442,840 4.01 40,826,548 966,007 3.16 Noninterest-bearing liabilities and stockholders equity: Demand deposits 14,741,590 17,633,922 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 2,109,318 2,324,870 Stockholders equity 7,175,445 6,411,250 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 72,049,714 67,196,590 Interest rate spread 2.07 2.53 Net interest income and net interest margin 1,691,090 3.28 1,737,420 3.66 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) Includes the average balances and interest income for securities and loans purchased under resale agreements for the first nine months of 2023. There were no loans purchased under resale agreements for the first nine months of 2024. 
 (3) Yields on tax-exempt securities and loans are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 (4) Includes the amortization of net premiums on AFS debt securities of 26 million and 24 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Average balances include nonperforming loans and loans held-for-sale. 
 (6) Loans include the accretion of net deferred loan fees and amortization of net premiums, which totaled 40 million for each of the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 
 74 

The following table summarizes the extent to which changes in (1) interest rates, and (2) volume of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities affected the Company s net interest income for the periods presented. The total change for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is segmented into changes attributable to variations in volume and yield/rate. Changes that are not solely due to either volume or yield/rate are allocated proportionally based on the absolute value of the change related to average volume and average yield/rate. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Changes Due to Changes Due to in thousands) Total Change Volume Yield/Rate Total Change Volume Yield/Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing cash and deposits with banks (7,691) (5,074) (2,617) 19,455 12,685 6,770 Assets purchased under resale agreements (1) 
 (2,797) (1,151) (1,646) (3,269) (1,988) (1,281) Debt securities: AFS 
 54,375 35,863 18,512 106,986 61,205 45,781 HTM 
 (170) (186) 16 (558) (496) (62) Total debt securities 54,205 35,677 18,528 106,428 60,709 45,719 Loans: C I 22,077 20,967 1,110 107,163 57,075 50,088 CRE 10,838 3,141 7,697 74,846 32,856 41,990 Residential mortgage 35,814 17,129 18,685 121,925 60,862 61,063 Other consumer (95) (139) 44 (120) (507) 387 Total loans 68,634 41,098 27,536 303,814 150,286 153,528 Restricted equity securities 1,761 1,411 350 4,075 2,658 1,417 Total interest and dividend income 114,112 71,961 42,151 430,503 224,350 206,153 Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking deposits 3,941 (2,225) 6,166 37,697 (546) 38,243 Money market deposits 23,167 19,029 4,138 130,712 69,344 61,368 Savings deposits 764 (594) 1,358 2,256 (2,594) 4,850 Time deposits 87,903 61,875 26,028 278,520 149,842 128,678 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 115,775 78,085 37,690 449,185 216,046 233,139 BTFP, short-term borrowings and federal funds purchased 
 (49,559) (49,569) 10 (65,278) (65,514) 236 FHLB advances 48,261 48,261 98,410 97,904 506 Repurchase agreements (144) (148) 4 (1,314) (1,655) 341 Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities (2,130) (2,486) 356 (4,170) (5,086) 916 Total interest expense 112,203 74,143 38,060 476,833 241,695 235,138 Change in net interest income 1,909 (2,182) 4,091 (46,330) (17,345) (28,985) 
 (1) Includes the impact of securities purchased under resale agreements for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, and f irst nine months of 2024 . Includes the imp acts of securities and loans purchased under resale agreements for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 75 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the third quarters and first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Deposit account fees 26,815 23,560 14 77,412 69,983 11 Lending fees 26,453 20,312 30 73,718 61,799 19 Foreign exchange income 13,569 11,396 19 37,962 34,872 9 Wealth management fees 10,683 5,922 80 28,798 19,213 50 Customer derivative (losses) income 
 (706) 11,208 NM 8,808 21,145 (58) Net gains (losses) on sales of loans 21 (12) NM 36 (41) NM Net gains (losses) on AFS debt securities 145 100 1,979 (10,000) NM Other investment income 2,800 1,751 60 6,201 7,675 (19) Other income 4,981 2,615 90 13,508 10,715 26 Total noninterest income 84,761 76,752 10 248,422 215,361 15 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 
 Noninterest income comprised 13 of total revenue for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, compared with 12 and 11 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. The 8 million or 10 increase in noninterest income to 85 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared with the same prior year period, was primarily due to increases in lending, wealth management and deposit account fees, other income and foreign exchange income, partially offset by customer derivative losses. The 33 million or 15 increase in noninterest income to 248 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared with the same prior year period, was primarily due to 2 million in net gains on AFS debt securities, compared with a 10 million write-down in securities in the same prior year period, increases in lending, wealth management and deposit account fees, partially offset by lower customer derivative income. 
 
 Deposit account fees were 27 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 3 million or 14 , compared with 24 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, deposit account fees were 77 million, an increase of 7 million or 11 , compared with 70 million for the same period in 2023. The increases were primarily related to analysis service fees, which reflected fee increases and customer growth. 
 
 Lending fees were 26 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 6 million or 30 , compared with 20 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, lending fees were 74 million, an increase of 12 million or 19 , compared with 62 million for the same period in 2023. The increases were primarily due to higher trade finance and commitment fees driven by customer growth, and higher syndication loan fee income. 
 
 Foreign exchange income was 14 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of approximately 2 million or 19 , compared with 11 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, foreign exchange income was 38 million, an increase of 3 million or 9 , compared with 35 million for the same period in 2023. The increases primarily reflected the favorable valuation of certain foreign currency denominated balance sheet items, partially offset by losses on foreign exchange trades. 
 
 Wealth management fees were 11 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 5 million or 80 , compared with 6 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, wealth management fees were 29 million, an increase of 10 million or 50 , compared with 19 million for the same period in 2023. The increases reflected customer demand for higher-yielding products in response to the interest rate environment. 
 
 Customer derivative losses were 1 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared with an 11 million gain for the same period in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, customer derivative income was 9 million, a decrease of 12 million or 58 , compared with 21 million for the same period in 2023. The decreases primarily reflected unfavorable credit valuation adjustments and lower fee income due to decreased customer activity. 
 
 76 

Net gains on AFS debt securities were 145 thousand and 2 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, which primarily reflected sales of U.S. government agency residential mortgage-backed securities. In comparison, net losses on AFS debt securities were 10 million for the first nine months of 2023, due to the write-off of an impaired subordinated debt security during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other income was 5 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 2 million or 90 , compared with 3 million for the same period in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, other income was 14 million, an increase of 3 million or 26 , compared with 11 million for the same period in 2023. The year-over-year increases were primarily due to higher income from bank-owned life insurance policies. 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense for the third quarters and first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Compensation and employee benefits 135,464 123,153 10 410,864 377,744 9 Occupancy and equipment expense 16,238 15,353 6 46,499 47,028 (1) Deposit account expense 12,229 11,585 6 36,467 31,753 15 Computer and software related expenses 11,436 11,761 (3) 34,172 33,160 3 Deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments 9,178 8,583 7 39,535 24,755 60 Other operating expense 36,021 31,885 13 107,079 102,092 5 Amortization of tax credit and Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments 
 5,600 49,694 (89) 34,859 115,718 (70) Total noninterest expense 226,166 252,014 (10) 709,475 732,250 (3) 
 
 Third quarter 2024 noninterest expense of 226 million decreased 26 million or 10 , compared with 252 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in amortization of tax credit and CRA investments, partially offset by increases in compensation and employee benefits and other operating expense. For the first nine months of 2024, noninterest expense of 709 million decreased 23 million or 3 , compared with 732 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in amortization of tax credit and CRA investments, partially offset by increases in compensation and employee benefits, deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments, other operating and deposit account expense. 
 
 Compensation and employee benefits were 135 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 12 million or 10 , compared with 123 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, compensation and employee benefits were 411 million, an increase of 33 million or 9 , compared with 378 million for the same period in 2023. The increases were primarily driven by annual merit increases and staffing growth. 
 
 Deposit account expense was 12 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1 million or 6 , compared with the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased commercial vendor service and processing charges, primarily driven by higher commercial deposit balances. For the first nine months of 2024, deposit account expense was 36 million, an increase of 5 million or 15 , compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher deposit referral fees, insured cash sweep product fees and commercial vendor service and processing charges, primarily driven by higher deposit balances. 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments were 9 million, an increase of approximately 1 million or 7 , compared with the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to a higher assessment base from growth in the Company s total average assets. For the first nine months of 2024, deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments were 40 million, an increase of 15 million or 60 , compared with 25 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to an additional FDIC charge of 12 million recorded during the first nine months of 2024. For additional information about the FDIC special assessment, refer to Item 2. MD A Overview Current Developments in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 77 

Other operating expense was 36 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 4 million or 13 , compared with 32 million for the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased legal and consulting expenses. For the first nine months of 2024, other operating expense was 107 million, an increase of 5 million or 5 , compared with 102 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased other real estate owned OREO and legal expenses. 
 
 Amortization of tax credit and CRA investments was 6 million for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 44 million or 89 , compared with 50 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, amortization of tax credit and CRA investments was 35 million, a decrease of 81 million or 70 , compared with 116 million for the same period in 2023. The decreases were primarily due to the impacts related to the expanded application of proportional amortization method PAM since the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2023-02, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures on January 1, 2024, and the timing of tax credit investments that closed in a given period. For additional information on the PAM, see Note 2 Current Accounting Developments and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8 Affordable Housing Partnership, Tax Credit and Community Reinvestment Act Investments, Net to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q . 

Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Income before income taxes 389,317 353,551 10 1,126,037 1,132,531 (1) Income tax expense 90,151 65,813 37 253,566 210,323 21 Effective tax rate 23.2 18.6 22.5 18.6 
 
 Third quarter 2024 income tax expense was 90 million and the effective tax rate was 23.2 , compared with third quarter 2023 income tax expense of 66 million and an effective tax rate of 18.6 . For the first nine months of 2024, income tax expense was 254 million and the effective tax rate was 22.5 , compared with income tax expense of 210 million and an effective tax rate of 18.6 for the same period in 2023. The year-over-year increases in income tax expense and effective tax rate were primarily due to the impacts related to the expanded application of PAM on the Company s tax credit investments since the adoption of ASU 2023-02 on January 1, 2024 and the timing of tax credit investments that closed in a given period. 22 million and 65 million of investment amortization was recognized as a component of income tax expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which is related to the expanded application of PAM. For additional information on the PAM, see Note 2 Current Accounting Developments and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8 Affordable Housing Partnership, Tax Credit and Community Reinvestment Act Investments, Net. 

Operating Segment Results 
 
 The Company organizes its operations into three reportable operating segments: (1) Consumer and Business Banking; (2) Commercial Banking; and (3) Treasury and Other. These segments are defined by the type of customers served and the related products and services provided. For a description of the Company s internal management reporting process, including the segment cost allocation methodology, see Note 15 Business Segments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Segment net interest income represents the difference between actual interest earned on assets and interest incurred on liabilities of the segment, adjusted for funding charges or credits through the Company s internal funds transfer pricing FTP process. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company refined its segment allocation methodology and reclassified certain deposits and their related income or expenses from the Consumer and Business Banking segment to the Commercial Banking or Treasury and Other segments, and certain loan balances and their related income or expenses from the Commercial Banking segment to the Treasury and Other segment. Balances for the prior year periods have been reclassified for comparability. 
 
 78 

The following tables present the results by operating segment for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Consumer and Business Banking Commercial Banking Treasury and Other 
 in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenue (loss) 
 318,854 339,640 334,281 326,953 4,348 (19,028) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 5,927 2,563 36,934 35,506 (861) 3,931 Noninterest expense 112,006 105,557 93,602 86,613 20,558 59,844 Segment income (loss) before income taxes 200,921 231,520 203,745 204,834 (15,349) (82,803) Segment net income (loss) 
 141,532 163,513 143,218 144,489 14,416 (20,264) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Consumer and Business Banking Commercial Banking Treasury and Other 
 in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenue (loss) 
 960,604 1,000,036 997,241 953,428 (18,333) (683) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 5,246 29,037 99,996 56,093 (1,242) 2,870 Noninterest expense 337,836 318,947 296,252 255,709 75,387 157,594 Segment income (loss) before income taxes 617,522 652,052 600,993 641,626 (92,478) (161,147) Segment net income 434,992 460,516 423,407 453,360 14,072 8,332 
 
 Consumer and Business Banking 
 
 The Consumer and Business Banking segment primarily provides financial products and services to consumer and commercial customers through the Company s domestic branch network and digital banking platform. This segment offers consumer and commercial deposits, mortgage and home equity loans, and other products and services. It also originates commercial loans for small- and medium-sized enterprises through the Company s branch network. Other products and services provided by this segment include wealth management, private banking, treasury management, interest rate risk hedging and foreign exchange services. 
 
 The following tables present additional financial information for the Consumer and Business Banking segment for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 290,884 314,521 (23,637) (8) Noninterest income 27,970 25,119 2,851 11 Total revenue 318,854 339,640 (20,786) (6) Provision for credit losses 5,927 2,563 3,364 131 Noninterest expense 112,006 105,557 6,449 6 Segment income before income taxes 200,921 231,520 (30,599) (13) Income tax expense 59,389 68,007 (8,618) (13) Segment net income 141,532 163,513 (21,981) (13) Average loans 19,048,831 18,134,194 914,637 5 Average deposits 31,462,739 28,337,824 3,124,915 11 
 79 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 880,316 922,845 (42,529) (5) Noninterest income 80,288 77,191 3,097 4 Total revenue 960,604 1,000,036 (39,432) (4) Provision for credit losses 5,246 29,037 (23,791) (82) Noninterest expense 337,836 318,947 18,889 6 Segment income before income taxes 617,522 652,052 (34,530) (5) Income tax expense 182,530 191,536 (9,006) (5) Segment net income 434,992 460,516 (25,524) (6) Average loans 18,817,573 17,503,743 1,313,830 8 Average deposits 30,406,431 28,129,324 2,277,107 8 
 
 Consumer and Business Banking segment net income decreased 22 million or 13 year-over-year to 142 million for the third quarter of 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in net interest income. Net interest income before provision for credit losses decreased 24 million or 8 year-over-year to 291 million for the third quarter of 2024, primarily driven by a higher cost of interest-bearing deposits and a continued shift to interest-bearing products in the deposit mix. 
 
 Consumer and Business Banking segment net income decreased 26 million or 6 year-over-year to 435 million for the first nine months of 2024, mainly driven by lower net interest income and higher noninterest expense, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. Net interest income before provision for credit losses decreased 43 million or 5 year-over-year to 880 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily driven by a higher cost of interest-bearing deposits and a continued shift to interest-bearing products in the deposit mix. Provision for credit losses decreased 24 million or 82 year-over-year to 5 million for the first nine months of 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by the improvement in the macroeconomic outlook in the residential mortgage loan sector. Noninterest expense increased 19 million or 6 year-over-year to 338 million. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation and employee benefits, and deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments due to the FDIC special assessment in the first half of 2024. 
 
 Commercial Banking 
 
 The Commercial Banking segment primarily generates commercial loan and deposit products. Commercial loan products include CRE lending, construction finance, commercial business lending, working capital lines of credit, trade finance, letters of credit, affordable housing lending, asset-based lending, asset-backed finance, project finance and equipment financing. Commercial deposit products and other financial services include treasury management, foreign exchange services, and interest rate and commodity risk hedging. 
 
 80 

The following tables present additional financial information for the Commercial Banking segment for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 288,704 284,787 3,917 1 Noninterest income 45,577 42,166 3,411 8 Total revenue 334,281 326,953 7,328 2 Provision for credit losses 36,934 35,506 1,428 4 Noninterest expense 93,602 86,613 6,989 8 Segment income before income taxes 203,745 204,834 (1,089) (1) Income tax expense 60,527 60,345 182 0 Segment net income 143,218 144,489 (1,271) (1) Average loans 32,975,235 31,339,435 1,635,800 5 Average deposits 26,310,972 23,592,113 2,718,859 12 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 855,607 825,122 30,485 4 Noninterest income 141,634 128,306 13,328 10 Total revenue 997,241 953,428 43,813 5 Provision for credit losses 99,996 56,093 43,903 78 Noninterest expense 296,252 255,709 40,543 16 Segment income before income taxes 600,993 641,626 (40,633) (6) Income tax expense 177,586 188,266 (10,680) (6) Segment net income 423,407 453,360 (29,953) (7) Average loans 32,854,843 31,018,208 1,836,635 6 Average deposits 25,667,059 22,892,740 2,774,319 12 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, Commercial Banking segment net income of 143 million remained relatively unchanged from the prior year quarter. For the first nine months of 2024, Commercial Banking segment net income decreased 30 million or 7 year-over-year to 423 million. This decrease was primarily due to higher provision for credit losses and noninterest expense, partially offset by higher net interest income. Net interest income before provision for credit losses increased 30 million or 4 year-over-year to 856 million for the first nine months of 2024. This increase was primarily driven by higher loan interest income from commercial loan growth. Provision for credit losses increased 44 million or 78 year-over-year to 100 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily driven by higher net charge-offs in the C I portfolio. Noninterest expense increased 41 million or 16 year-over-year to 296 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily due to higher compensation and employee benefits, deposit account expense, and deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessments. 
 
 Treasury and Other 
 
 Centralized functions, including the corporate treasury activities of the Company and eliminations of inter-segment amounts, have been aggregated and included in the Treasury and Other segment, which provides broad administrative support to the two core segments, namely the Consumer and Business Banking and the Commercial Banking segments. 
 
 81 

The following tables present additional financial information for the Treasury and Other segment for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest loss before provision for credit losses 
 (6,866) (28,495) 21,629 76 Noninterest income 11,214 9,467 1,747 18 Total revenue (loss) 
 4,348 (19,028) 23,376 NM (Reversal of) provision for credit losses 
 (861) 3,931 (4,792) NM Noninterest expense 20,558 59,844 (39,286) (66) Segment loss before income taxes (15,349) (82,803) 67,454 81 Income tax benefit 29,765 62,539 (32,774) (52) Segment net income (loss) 
 14,416 (20,264) 34,680 NM Average loans 396,450 415,233 (18,783) (5) Average deposits 2,811,545 3,268,119 (456,574) (14) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change from 2023 in thousands) 2024 2023 Net interest loss before provision for credit losses 
 (44,833) (10,547) (34,286) (325) Noninterest income 26,500 9,864 16,636 169 Total loss 
 (18,333) (683) (17,650) NM (Reversal of) provision for credit losses 
 (1,242) 2,870 (4,112) NM Noninterest expense 75,387 157,594 (82,207) (52) Segment loss before income taxes (92,478) (161,147) 68,669 43 Income tax benefit 106,550 169,479 (62,929) (37) Segment net income 14,072 8,332 5,740 69 Average loans 416,845 447,892 (31,047) (7) Average deposits 2,835,470 3,791,111 (955,641) (25) 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 
 The Treasury and Other segment reported segment loss before income taxes of 15 million and segment net income of 14 million, reflecting an income tax benefit of 30 million for the third quarter of 2024. The increase in segment net income was primarily driven by lower noninterest expense and net interest loss, partially offset by lower income tax benefit. The 22 million decrease in net interest loss before provision for credit losses was mainly driven by higher interest income from debt securities. Noninterest expense decreased 39 million, primarily due to lower amortization of tax credit and CRA investments from the expanded use of PAM since the adoption of ASU 2023-02 on January 1, 2024. For additional information on the PAM, see Note 2 Current Accounting Developments and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8 Affordable Housing Partnership, Tax Credit and Community Reinvestment Act Investments, Net. 
 
 The Treasury and Other segment reported segment loss before income taxes of 92 million and segment net income of 14 million, reflecting an income tax benefit of 107 million for the first nine months of 2024. The increase in segment net income was primarily driven by the lower noninterest expens e and higher noninterest income, partially offset by lower income tax benefit and net interest income. The 34 million decrease in net interest income before provision for credit losses was primarily driven by lower FT P spread income absorbed by the Treasury and Other segment and higher costs of borrowings, partially offset by higher interest income from debt securities. Noninterest income increased 17 million for the first nine months of 2024, mainly due to a 10 million write-off of an impaired AFS debt security recorded during the first quarter of 2023. Noninterest expense decreased 82 million, primarily due to lower amortization of tax credit and CRA investments from the aforementioned adoption of ASU 2023-02 on January 1, 2024. 
 
 82 

The income tax expense or benefit in the Treasury and Other segment consists of the remaining unallocated income tax expense or benefit after allocating income tax expense to the two core segments, and reflects the impact of tax credit investment activity. Income tax expense is allocated to the Consumer and Business Banking and the Commercial Banking segments by applying statutory income tax rates to the segment income before income taxes. Tax credit investment amortization is allocated to the Treasury and Other segment. 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

Debt Securities 
 
 The Company maintains a portfolio of high quality and liquid debt securities with a moderate duration profile. It closely manages the overall portfolio credit, interest rate and liquidity risks. The Company s debt securities provide: 
 
 interest income for earnings and yield enhancement; 
 funding availability for needs arising during the normal course of business; 
 the ability to execute interest rate risk management strategies in response to changes in economic or market conditions; and 
 collateral to support pledging agreements as required and/or to enhance the Company s borrowing capacity. 
 
 While the Company does not intend to sell its debt securities, it may sell AFS debt securities in response to changes in the balance sheet and related interest rate risk to meet liquidity, regulatory and strategic requirements. 
 
 83 

The following table presents the distribution of the Company s AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and by credit ratings as of September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ratings as of September 30, 2024 (1) 
 in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value of Fair Value AAA/AA A BBB BB and Lower No Rating (2) 
 AFS debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities 676,294 641,573 6 1,112,587 1,060,375 17 100 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities 309,277 272,448 3 412,086 364,446 6 100 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (3) 
 7,510,719 7,312,801 72 2,488,304 2,195,853 35 100 Municipal securities 292,041 260,298 3 297,283 261,016 4 98 2 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 896,859 795,840 8 1,052,913 921,187 15 88 1 1 10 Corporate debt securities 653,501 531,819 5 653,501 502,425 8 31 66 3 Foreign government bonds 247,907 238,869 2 239,333 227,874 4 45 55 Asset-backed securities 36,195 35,735 0 43,234 42,300 1 56 44 Collateralized loan obligations 44,500 44,494 1 617,250 612,861 10 100 Total AFS debt securities 10,667,293 10,133,877 100 6,916,491 6,188,337 100 92 3 4 0 1 HTM debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities 533,683 505,144 20 529,548 488,551 20 100 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities 1,003,947 848,800 34 1,001,836 814,932 33 100 U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities (4) 
 1,202,767 1,008,173 40 1,235,784 1,004,697 41 100 Municipal securities 188,002 148,235 6 188,872 145,791 6 100 Total HTM debt securities 2,928,399 2,510,352 100 2,956,040 2,453,971 100 100 Total debt securities 13,595,692 12,644,229 9,872,531 8,642,308 
 (1) Credit ratings express opinions about the credit quality of a debt security. The Company determines the credit rating of a security according to the lowest credit rating made available by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations NRSROs ). Debt securities rated investment grade, which are those with ratings similar to BBB- or above (as defined by NRSROs), are generally considered by the rating agencies and market participants to be low credit risk. Ratings percentages are allocated based on fair value. 
 (2) For debt securities not rated by NRSROs, the Company uses other factors which include but are not limited to the priority in collections within the securitization structure, and whether the contractual payments have historically been on time. 
 (3) Includes Government National Mortgage Association GNMA AFS debt securities totaling 6.4 billion of amortized cost and 6.3 billion of fair value as of September 30, 2024, and 1.3 billion of amortized cost and 1.2 billion of fair value as of December 31, 2023. 
 (4) Includes GNMA HTM debt securities totaling 88 million of amortized cost and 72 million of fair value as of September 30, 2024, and 92 million of amortized cost and 75 million of fair value of as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 84 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company s AFS and HTM debt securities portfolios had an effective duration (defined as the sensitivity of the value of the portfolio to interest rate changes) of 2.4 and 7.0, respectively, compared with 3.6 and 7.5, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in the AFS effective duration was primarily due to the purchases of floating rate GNMA securities. The decrease in the HTM effective duration was due to the portfolio seasoning. The Company estimated that the effective duration of its AFS debt securities was 2.9 for an instantaneous 100 bp parallel increase and 2.2 for an instantaneous 100 bp parallel decrease as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 The fair value of AFS debt securities totaled 10.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 3.9 billion or 64 from 6.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the purchases of GNMA securities, which were mainly funded by an increase in deposits. The Company s AFS debt securities are carried at fair value with non-credit related unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. Pre-tax net unrealized losses on AFS debt securities were 533 million as of September 30, 2024, compared with 728 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 99 and 97 , respectively, of the carrying value of the AFS debt securities portfolio was rated investment grade by NRSROs. Of the AFS debt securities with gross unrealized losses, substantially all were rated investment grade as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There was no allowance for credit losses provided against the AFS debt securities as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, there were no credit losses recognized in earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 
 All HTM debt securities were issued, guaranteed, or supported by the U.S. government or government-sponsored enterprises. Accordingly, the Company applied a zero credit loss assumption for these securities and no allowance for credit loss was recorded as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 For additional information on AFS and HTM securities, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K and Note 3 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Note 5 Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 

Loan Portfolio 
 
 The Company offers a broad range of financial products designed to meet the credit needs of its borrowers. The Company s loan portfolio segments include commercial loans, which consist of C I, CRE, multifamily residential, and construction and land loans, as well as consumer loans, which consist of single-family residential, home equity lines of credit HELOCs and other consumer loans. Loans held-for-investment totaled 53.3 billion and 52.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The composition of the loan portfolio was similar as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 85 

The following table presents the composition of the Company s total loan portfolio by loan type as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount Amount Commercial: C I 
 17,068,002 32 16,581,079 32 CRE: CRE 14,568,209 27 14,777,081 28 Multifamily residential 5,141,481 10 5,023,163 10 Construction and land 693,775 1 663,868 1 Total CRE 20,403,465 38 20,464,112 39 Total commercial 37,471,467 70 37,045,191 71 Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential 13,963,097 26 13,383,060 26 HELOCs 1,760,716 4 1,722,204 3 Total residential mortgage 15,723,813 30 15,105,264 29 Other consumer 57,901 0 60,327 0 Total consumer 15,781,714 30 15,165,591 29 Total loans held-for-investment (1) 
 53,253,181 100 52,210,782 100 Allowance for loan losses (696,485) (668,743) Loans held-for-sale (2) 
 116 Total loans, net 52,556,696 51,542,155 
 (1) Includes 52 million and 71 million of net deferred loan fees and net unamortized premiums as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Consists of a single-family residential loan as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Commercial 
 
 The commercial loan portfolio comprised 70 and 71 of total loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company actively monitors the commercial lending portfolio for credit risk and reviews credit exposures for sensitivity to changing economic conditions. 
 
 Commercial Commercial and Industrial Loans. Total C I loan commitments were 25.3 billion and 24.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with a utilization rate of 67 as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Total C I loans were 17.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 487 million or 3 from 16.6 billion as of December 31, 2023. Total C I loans made up 32 of total loans held-for-investment as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The C I loan portfolio includes loans and financing for businesses across a wide spectrum of industries. The Company offers a variety of C I products, including commercial business lending, working capital lines of credit, trade finance, letters of credit, asset-based lending, asset-backed finance, project finance and equipment financing. Additionally, the Company has a portfolio of broadly syndicated C I loans, which represent revolving or term loan facilities that are marketed and sold primarily to institutional investors. This portfolio totaled 760 million and 645 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The majority of the C I loans had variable interest rates as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 86 

The C I portfolio is well-diversified by industry. The Company monitors concentrations within the C I loan portfolio by industry and customer exposure, and has exposure limits by industry and loan product. The following table presents the industry mix within the Company s C I loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (1) 
 in thousands) Amount in thousands) Amount Industry: Industry: Real estate investment management 2,154,202 13 Capital call lending 2,171,367 13 Media entertainment 2,113,633 12 Real estate investment management 1,970,713 12 Capital call lending 2,100,309 12 Media entertainment 1,891,199 11 Financial services 1,055,143 6 Financial services 1,136,731 7 Infrastructure clean energy 1,022,189 6 Manufacturing wholesale 1,110,544 7 Manufacturing wholesale 1,017,715 6 Infrastructure clean energy 1,023,662 6 Food production distribution 730,981 4 Tech telecom 729,922 4 Tech telecom 724,718 4 Food production distribution 655,340 4 Healthcare 709,793 4 Consumer finance 586,468 4 Hospitality leisure 586,878 4 Hospitality leisure 576,328 3 Other 4,852,441 29 Other 4,728,805 29 Total C I 17,068,002 100 Total C I 16,581,079 100 
 (1) Revised segmentation to conform with the current presentation. 
 
 Commercial Total Commercial Real Estate Loans. Total CRE loans totaled 20.4 billion and 20.5 billion, and accounted for 38 and 39 of total loans held-for-investment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The total CRE portfolio consists of CRE, multifamily residential, and construction and land loans, and affordable housing lending. The Company s underwriting parameters for CRE loans are established in compliance with supervisory guidance, including property type, geography and loan-to-value LTV ). 
 
 The Company s total CRE loan portfolio is well-diversified by property type with an average CRE loan size of 3 million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes the Company s total CRE loans by property type as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount Amount Property types: Multifamily 5,141,481 25 5,023,164 25 Retail (1) 
 4,273,634 21 4,297,569 21 Industrial (1) 
 3,921,621 19 3,997,764 20 Hotel (1) 
 2,466,281 12 2,446,504 12 Office (1) 
 2,142,154 11 2,271,508 11 Healthcare (1) 
 738,395 4 852,362 4 Construction and land 693,775 3 663,868 3 Other (1) 
 1,026,124 5 911,373 4 Total CRE loans 20,403,465 100 20,464,112 100 
 (1) Included in CRE loans, which is a subset of Total CRE loans. 
 
 The weighted-average LTV ratio of the total CRE loan portfolio was 50 as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Weighted-average LTV is based on the most recent LTV, which considers the latest available appraisal and current loan commitment. Approximately 91 of total CRE loan commitments had an LTV ratio of 65 or lower as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 87 

The following tables provide a summary of the Company s CRE, multifamily residential, and construction and land loans by geography as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The distribution of the total CRE loan portfolio largely reflects the Company s geographical branch footprint, which is primarily concentrated in California. 
 September 30, 2024 in thousands) CRE Multifamily Residential Construction and Land Total CRE Geographic markets: Southern California 7,492,595 51 2,322,222 45 247,191 36 10,062,008 50 Northern California 2,693,298 19 1,098,320 22 149,046 21 3,940,664 19 California 10,185,893 70 3,420,542 67 396,237 57 14,002,672 69 Texas 1,073,586 7 468,695 9 114,540 17 1,656,821 8 New York 737,766 5 253,527 5 37,133 5 1,028,426 5 Washington 494,096 3 165,886 3 10,397 1 670,379 3 Arizona 368,230 3 220,613 4 20,288 3 609,131 3 Nevada 269,368 2 159,162 3 18,246 3 446,776 2 Other markets 1,439,270 10 453,056 9 96,934 14 1,989,260 10 Total loans 14,568,209 100 5,141,481 100 693,775 100 20,403,465 100 
 December 31, 2023 in thousands) CRE Multifamily Residential Construction and Land Total CRE Geographic markets: Southern California 7,604,053 51 2,295,592 46 294,879 44 10,194,524 50 Northern California 2,737,635 19 1,055,852 21 147,031 22 3,940,518 19 California 10,341,688 70 3,351,444 67 441,910 66 14,135,042 69 Texas 1,122,428 8 445,391 9 41,768 6 1,609,587 8 New York 696,950 5 287,961 6 43,227 7 1,028,138 5 Washington 495,577 3 173,367 3 10,375 2 679,319 3 Arizona 355,047 2 148,970 3 38,897 6 542,914 3 Nevada 257,105 2 142,133 3 6,325 1 405,563 2 Other markets 1,508,286 10 473,897 9 81,366 12 2,063,549 10 Total loans 14,777,081 100 5,023,163 100 663,868 100 20,464,112 100 
 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 69 of total CRE loans were concentrated in California. Changes in California s economy and real estate values could have a significant impact on the collectability of these loans and the required level of allowance for loan losses. For additional information related to the higher degree of risk from a downturn in the California economic and real estate markets, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Geopolitical Uncertainties to the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Loans. The Company focuses on providing financing to experienced real estate investors and developers who have moderate levels of leverage, many of whom are long-time customers of the Bank. CRE loans totaled 14.6 billion or 27 of total loans held-for-investment as of September 30, 2024, compared with 14.8 billion or 28 of total loans held-for-investment as of December 31, 2023. Interest rates on CRE loans may be fixed, variable or hybrid. As of September 30, 2024, 57 of our CRE portfolio had variable rates, of which 52 had customer-level interest rate derivative contracts in place. These were hedging contracts offered by the Company to help our customers manage their interest rate risk while the Bank s exposure remained variable rate. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, 58 of our CRE portfolio had variable rates, of which 50 had customer-level interest rate derivative contracts in place. The Company seeks to underwrite loans with conservative standards for cash flows, debt service coverage and LTV. 
 
 Owner-occupied properties comprised 20 of the CRE loans as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The remainder were non-owner-occupied properties, where 50 or more of the debt service for the loan is typically provided by rental income from an unaffiliated third party. 
 88 

Commercial Multifamily Residential Loans. The multifamily residential loan portfolio is largely comprised of loans secured by residential properties with five or more units. Multifamily residential loans totaled 5.1 billion and 5.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and accounted for 10 of total loans held-for-investment as of both dates. The Company offers a variety of first lien mortgages, including fixed- and variable-rate loans, as well as hybrid loans with interest rates that adjust annually after an initial fixed rate period of three to ten years. As of September 30, 2024, 50 of our multifamily residential portfolio had variable rates, of which 45 had customer-level interest rate derivative contracts in place. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, 48 of our multifamily residential portfolio had variable rates, of which 40 had customer-level interest rate derivative contracts in place. These were hedging contracts offered by the Company to help our customers manage their interest rate risk while the Bank s own exposure remained variable rate. 
 
 Commercial Construction and Land Loans. Construction and land loans provide financing for a portfolio of projects diversified by real estate property type. Construction and land loans totaled 694 million as of September 30, 2024, compared with 664 million as of December 31, 2023, and accounted for 1 of total loans held-for-investment as of both dates. Construction loan exposure was made up of 540 million in loans outstanding, plus 466 million in unfunded commitments as of September 30, 2024, compared with 526 million in loans outstanding, plus 672 million in unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2023. Land loans totaled 154 million as of September 30, 2024, compared with 138 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Consumer 
 
 Residential mortgage loans are primarily originated through the Bank s branch network. The average total residential loan size was 437 thousand and 436 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The following tables summarize the Company s single-family residential and HELOC loan portfolios by geography as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 in thousands) Single-Family Residential HELOCs Total Residential Mortgage Geographic markets: Southern California 5,313,574 38 826,527 47 6,140,101 39 Northern California 1,772,854 13 364,860 21 2,137,714 14 California 7,086,428 51 1,191,387 68 8,277,815 53 New York 4,341,868 31 258,739 15 4,600,607 29 Washington 705,764 5 187,418 10 893,182 6 Massachusetts 446,166 3 64,999 4 511,165 3 Georgia 459,017 3 18,961 1 477,978 3 Nevada 441,341 3 33,675 2 475,016 3 Texas 467,025 4 467,025 3 Other markets 15,488 0 5,537 0 21,025 0 Total 13,963,097 100 1,760,716 100 15,723,813 100 Lien priority: First mortgage 13,963,097 100 1,317,799 75 15,280,896 97 Junior lien mortgage 442,917 25 442,917 3 Total 13,963,097 100 1,760,716 100 15,723,813 100 
 89 

December 31, 2023 in thousands) Single-Family Residential HELOCs Total Residential Mortgage Geographic markets: Southern California 4,990,848 37 799,571 46 5,790,419 38 Northern California 1,650,905 13 370,989 22 2,021,894 13 California 6,641,753 50 1,170,560 68 7,812,313 51 New York 4,376,416 33 247,202 14 4,623,618 31 Washington 696,028 5 184,843 11 880,871 6 Massachusetts 391,666 3 67,016 4 458,682 3 Georgia 432,258 3 17,123 1 449,381 3 Nevada 404,837 3 33,959 2 438,796 3 Texas 423,972 3 423,972 3 Other markets 16,130 0 1,501 0 17,631 0 Total 13,383,060 100 1,722,204 100 15,105,264 100 Lien priority: First mortgage 13,383,060 100 1,331,509 77 14,714,569 97 Junior lien mortgage 390,695 23 390,695 3 Total 13,383,060 100 1,722,204 100 15,105,264 100 
 
 Consumer Single-Family Residential Loans. Single-family residential loans totaled 14.0 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 13.4 billion as of December 31, 2023, and accounted for 26 of total loans held-for-investment as of both dates. The Company was in a first lien position for all of its single-family residential loans as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Many of these loans are reduced documentation loans, for which a substantial down payment is required, resulting in a low LTV ratio at origination, typically 65 or less. The weighted-average LTV ratio was 52 and 53 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These loans have historically experienced low delinquency and loss rates. The Company offers a variety of single-family residential first lien mortgage loan programs, including fixed- and variable-rate loans, as well as hybrid loans with interest rates that adjust on a regular basis, typically annually, after an initial fixed rate period. 
 
 Consumer Home Equity Lines of Credit. Total HELOC commitments were 5.3 billion and 5.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with a utilization rate of 33 as of both dates. Substantially all of the Company s unfunded HELOC commitments are unconditionally cancellable. HELOCs outstanding totaled 1.8 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023, and accounted for 4 and 3 of total loans held-for-investment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company was in a first lien position for 75 and 77 of total outstanding HELOCs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. First lien HELOC LTV ratios are obtained by dividing the first lien HELOC against the value of the property securing the HELOC. Junior lien HELOCs are evaluated using combined LTV, which measures the carrying value of the Bank s loan and available line of credit combined with any outstanding senior liens against the value of the property securing the loan. The weighted-average LTV ratio was 47 and 48 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Many of these loans are reduced documentation loans, resulting in a low LTV ratio at origination, typically 65 or less. As a result, these loans have historically experienced low delinquency and loss rates. Substantially all of the Company s HELOCs were variable-rate loans as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 All originated commercial and consumer loans are subject to the Company s conservative underwriting guidelines and loan origination standards. Management believes that the Company s underwriting criteria and procedures adequately consider the unique risks associated with these products. The Company conducts quality control procedures and periodic audits, including the review of lending and legal requirements, to ensure that the Company is in compliance with these requirements. 
 
 90 

Foreign Outstandings 
 
 The Company s overseas offices, which include the branch in Hong Kong and the subsidiary bank in China, are subject to the general risks inherent in conducting business in foreign countries, such as regulatory, economic and political uncertainties. As such, the Company s international operation risk exposure is largely concentrated in China and Hong Kong. In addition, the Company s financial assets held in the Hong Kong branch and the subsidiary bank in China may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates or other factors. The following table presents the major financial assets held in the Company s overseas offices as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount of Total Consolidated Assets Amount of Total Consolidated Assets Hong Kong branch: Cash and cash equivalents 375,633 1 631,487 1 AFS debt securities (1) 
 781,355 1 546,495 1 Loans held-for-investment (2) 
 920,190 1 934,734 1 Total assets 2,091,286 3 2,115,857 3 Subsidiary bank in China: Cash and cash equivalents 583,236 1 719,058 1 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 108,049 0 AFS debt securities (3) 
 130,461 0 120,167 0 Loans held-for-investment (2) 
 1,140,046 2 1,328,383 2 Total assets 1,956,471 3 2,156,548 3 
 (1) Comprised of U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities, and foreign government bonds as of September 30, 2024; comprised of foreign government bonds and U.S. Treasury securities as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Primarily comprised of C I loans as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Comprised of foreign government bonds as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents the total revenue generated by the Company s overseas offices for the third quarters and first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in thousands) Amount of Total Consolidated Revenue Amount of Total Consolidated Revenue Amount of Total Consolidated Revenue Amount of Total Consolidated Revenue Hong Kong Branch: Total revenue 17,692 3 13,906 2 51,205 3 41,479 2 Subsidiary Bank in China: Total revenue 6,287 1 6,788 1 21,051 1 26,098 1 

Capital 
 
 The Company maintains a strong capital base to support its anticipated asset growth, operating needs, and credit risks, and to ensure that the Company and the Bank are in compliance with all regulatory capital guidelines. The Company engages in regular capital planning processes on at least an annual basis to optimize the use of available capital and to appropriately plan for future capital needs, allocating capital to existing and future business activities. Furthermore, the Company conducts capital stress tests as part of its capital planning process. The stress tests enable the Company to assess the impact of adverse changes in the economy and interest rates on its capital base. 
 
 91 

On March 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 500 million of the Company s common stock. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company repurchased 1,742,496 shares at an average price of 70.72 per share at 123 million. The Company did not repurchase any shares during the first nine months of 2023. The total remaining available capital authorized for repurchase as of September 30, 2024 was 49 million. 
 
 The Company s stockholders equity was 7.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 714 million or 10 from 7.0 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the Company s stockholders equity was primarily due to 872 million of net income and 183 million of other comprehensive income, partially offset by 233 million of cash dividends declared and 123 million of common stock repurchases. For other factors that contributed to the changes in stockholders equity, refer to Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equit y in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Book value per share was 55.30 as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 11 from 49.64 per share as of December 31, 2023, a result of the increase in the Company s stockholders equity as described above. Tangible book value per share was 51.90 as of September 30, 2024, compared with 46.27 as of December 31, 2023. For additional details, see the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2. MD A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Company paid a quarterly common stock cash dividend of 0.55 and 0.48 per share during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. In October 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2024 cash dividend of 0.55 per share. The dividend is payable on November 15, 2024, to stockholders of record as of November 4, 2024. 

Deposits and Other Sources of Funding 
 
 Deposits are the Company s primary source of funding, the cost of which has a significant impact on the Company s net interest income and net interest margin. Additional funding is provided by short- and long-term borrowings, and long-term debt. See Item 2. MD A Risk Management Liquidity Risk Management in this Form 10-Q for a discussion of the Company s liquidity management. The following table summarizes the Company s sources of funds as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change in thousands) Amount Amount Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand 14,690,864 24 15,539,872 28 (849,008) (5) Interest-bearing checking 8,052,720 13 7,558,908 14 493,812 7 Money market 14,021,042 23 13,108,727 23 912,315 7 Savings 1,718,378 3 1,841,467 3 (123,089) (7) Time deposits 23,217,111 37 18,043,464 32 5,173,647 29 Total deposits 61,700,115 100 56,092,438 100 5,607,677 10 Other Funds: BTFP borrowings 4,500,000 97 (4,500,000) (100) FHLB advances 3,500,000 99 3,500,000 100 Long-term debt 31,923 1 148,249 3 (116,326) (78) Total other funds 3,531,923 100 4,648,249 100 (1,116,326) (24) Total sources of funds 65,232,038 60,740,687 4,491,351 7 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The Company s strategy is to grow and retain relationship-based deposits to provide a stable and low-cost source of funding and liquidity. Accordingly, the Company offers a wide variety of deposit products to meet the needs of its consumer and commercial customers. As a result, we believe our deposit base is seasoned, stable and well-diversified. 
 
 92 

Total deposits were 61.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.6 billion or 10 from 56.1 billion as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to growth in time, money market, and interest-bearing checking deposits. Time deposits comprised 37 and 32 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits comprised 24 and 28 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the Company s deposits by segment and region as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Change 
 in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Deposits by segment/region: 
 Consumer and Business Banking - U.S. (1) 
 32,104,904 28,571,255 3,533,649 12 Commercial Banking - U.S. (1) 
 23,212,616 22,059,662 1,152,954 5 Greater China (2) 
 3,307,793 3,172,222 135,571 4 Treasury and Other - U.S. (3) 
 3,074,802 2,289,299 785,503 34 Total deposits 61,700,115 56,092,438 5,607,677 10 
 (1) Excludes deposits presented under Greater China - overseas branches. 
 (2) Deposits of our Hong Kong branch and China subsidiary, primarily a subset of Commercial Banking segment deposits. 
 (3) Treasury and Other segment deposits reflect wholesale, public funds, and brokered deposits, primarily managed by the Company s Treasury department. 
 
 Uninsured deposits represent the portion of deposit accounts in U.S. offices that exceed the FDIC insurance limit. Management believes that presenting uninsured domestic deposits as reported on Schedule RC-OM item 2 of the Bank s Call Report, with an adjustment to exclude collateralized and affiliate deposits provides a more accurate view of the deposits at risk, given that collateralized deposits are secured, and affiliate deposits are not customer-facing and are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s uninsured domestic deposit balances reported on Schedule RC-OM item 2 of the Bank s Call Report as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, after certain adjustments: 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Uninsured deposits, per regulatory reporting requirements 31,318,958 27,592,714 Less: Collateralized deposits 
 (4,999,876) (4,631,047) Affiliate deposits (418,632) (491,992) Uninsured deposits, excluding collateralized and affiliate deposits (a) 25,900,450 22,469,675 Total domestic deposits per Call Report (b) 58,906,507 53,486,990 Uninsured deposits, excluding collateralized and affiliate deposits, ratio (a) / (b) 44 42 
 
 Additional information regarding the impact of deposits on net interest income, with a comparison of average deposit balances and rates, is provided in Item 2. MD A Results of Operations Net Interest Income in this Form 10-Q. See also the discussion of the impact of deposits on liquidity in Item 2. MD A Liquidity Risk Management in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Other Sources of Funding 
 
 The Company had 4.5 billion of BTFP borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2023. These borrowings were repaid upon maturity during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 The Company had 3.5 billion of FHLB advances as of September 30, 2024, compared with no FHLB advances as of December 31, 2023. FHLB advances as of September 30, 2024 had fixed and floating interest rates ranging from 3.87 to 5.07 with remaining maturities between six months and 2.2 years. 
 
 93 

The Company s l ong-term debt consists of junior subordinated debt, which qualifies as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company redeemed approximately 117 million of junior subordinated debt. Refer to Note 10 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for additional information on the junior subordinated debt. 

Regulatory Capital and Ratios 
 
 The federal banking agencies have risk-based capital adequacy requirements intended to ensure that banking organizations maintain capital that is commensurate with the degree of risk associated with their operations. The Company and the Bank are each subject to these regulatory capital adequacy requirements. See Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Regulatory Capital Requirements and Regulatory Capital-Related Development in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for additional details. 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for credit losses is based on management s best estimate of lifetime expected credit losses inherent in the Company s relevant financial assets in accordance with ASU 2016-13. The Company has elected the phase-in option provided by a final rule that delays an estimate of the current expected credit losses CECL effect on regulatory capital for two years and phases in the impact over three years. The rule permits certain banking organizations to exclude from regulatory capital the initial adoption impact of CECL, plus 25 of the cumulative changes in the allowance for credit losses under CECL for each period until December 31, 2021, followed by a three-year phase-out period in which the aggregate benefit is reduced by 25 in 2022, 50 in 2023 and 75 in 2024. Accordingly, our capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 reflect a delay of 25 of the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 under the Basel III Capital Rules, and those required by regulatory agencies for capital adequacy and well-capitalized classification purposes: 
 Basel III Capital Rules September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Company Bank Company Bank Minimum Regulatory Requirements Minimum Regulatory Requirements including Capital Conservation Buffer Well-Capitalized Requirements Risk-based capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 capital (1) 
 14.1 13.3 13.3 12.6 4.5 7.0 6.5 Tier 1 capital (2) 
 14.1 13.3 13.3 12.6 6.0 8.5 8.0 Total capital 15.4 14.6 14.8 13.8 8.0 10.5 10.0 Tier 1 leverage (1) 
 10.4 9.8 10.2 9.6 4.0 4.0 5.0 
 (1) The Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Tier 1 leverage well-capitalized requirements apply to the Bank only. There is no requirement on Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio or Tier 1 leverage ratio for a well-capitalized bank holding company. 
 (2) The well-capitalized Tier 1 capital ratio requirements for the Company and the Bank are 6.0 and 8.0 , respectively. 
 
 The Company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels to assure its investors, customers and regulators that the Company and the Bank are financially sound. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company and the Bank continued to exceed all well-capitalized capital requirements and the minimum capital requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules. Total risk-weighted assets were 54.3 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 628 million from 53.7 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the risk-weighted assets was mainly due to loan growth. 
 
 94 

Risk Management 
 
 Overview 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent to the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to the Company s business. The Company operates under a Board-approved enterprise risk management ERM framework, which outlines the company-wide approach to risk management and oversight, and describes the structures and practices employed to manage the current and emerging risks inherent to the Company. The Company s ERM program incorporates risk management throughout the organization in identifying, managing, monitoring, and reporting risks. It identifies the Company s major risk categories as: credit, liquidity, market, operational, reputational, legal, compliance, capital, strategic, and technology risk. 
 
 The Risk Oversight Committee ROC of the Board of Directors monitors the ERM program through such identified risk categories and provides oversight of the Company s risk appetite and control environment. The ROC provides focused oversight of the Company s identified enterprise risk categories on behalf of the full Board of Directors. Under the authority of the ROC, management committees apply targeted strategies to manage the risks to which the Company s operations are exposed. 
 
 The Company s ERM program is executed along the three lines of defense model, which provides for a consistent and standardized risk management control environment across the enterprise. The first line of defense is comprised of production, operational and support units. The second line of defense is comprised of various risk management and control functions charged with monitoring and managing major risk categories and/or risk subcategories. The third line of defense is comprised of the Internal Audit and Independent Asset Review IAR functions. Internal Audit reports to the Chief Audit Executive CAE who reports to the Board s Audit Committee. Internal Audit provides assurance and evaluates the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes as established by the Company. IAR serves as an internal loan review and independent credit risk monitoring function within the Bank that works under the direction of the CAE and reports to the Audit Committee. IAR provides management and the Audit Committee with an objective and independent assessment of the Bank s credit profile and credit risk management processes. Further discussion and analysis of selected primary risk areas are discussed in the following subsections of Risk Management. 

Credit Risk Management 
 
 Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or a counterparty will fail to perform according to the terms and conditions of a loan, investment or derivative and expose the Company to loss. Credit risk exists with many of the Company s assets and exposures such as loans, debt securities and certain derivatives. The majority of the Company s credit risk is associated with lending activities. 
 
 The ROC has primary oversight responsibility for the identified enterprise risk categories including credit risk. The ROC monitors management s assessment of asset quality, credit risk trends, credit quality administration, underwriting standards, and portfolio credit risk management strategies and processes, such as diversification and liquidity, all of which enable management to control credit risk. At the management level, the Credit Risk Management Committee has primary oversight responsibility for credit risk. The Senior Credit Supervision function manages credit policy for the line of business transactional credit risk, assuring that all exposure is risk-rated according to the requirements of the credit risk rating policy. The Senior Credit Supervision function also evaluates and reports the overall credit risk exposure to senior management and the ROC. Reporting directly to the Board s Audit Committee, the IAR function provides additional validation of the Company s robust credit risk management culture by performing an independent and objective assessment of underwriting and documentation quality. A key focus of our credit risk management is adherence to a well-controlled underwriting and loan monitoring process. 
 
 The Company assesses the overall performance and credit quality of the loans held-for-investment portfolio through an integrated analysis of specific performance ratios. This approach forms the basis of the discussion in the sections immediately following: Credit Quality, Nonperforming Assets and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 95 

Credit Quality 
 
 The Company utilizes a credit risk rating system to assist in monitoring credit quality. Loans are evaluated using the Company s internal credit risk rating of 1 through 10. For more information on the Company s credit quality indicators and internal credit risk ratings, refer to Note 7 Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s criticized loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Criticized loans: Special mention loans 468,593 404,241 64,352 16 Classified loans (1) 
 641,642 573,969 67,673 12 Total criticized loans (2) 
 1,110,235 978,210 132,025 13 Special mention loans to loans held-for-investment 0.88 0.77 Classified loans to loans held-for-investment 1.20 1.10 Criticized loans to loans held-for-investment 2.08 1.87 
 (1) Consists of loans rated as substandard, doubtful and loss categories. 
 (2) Excludes loans held-for-sale. 
 
 Criticized loans were 1.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 132 million or 13 , compared with 978 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher criticized CRE loans. 

Nonperforming Assets 
 
 Nonperforming assets are comprised of nonaccrual loans, OREO and other nonperforming assets. Other nonperforming assets and OREO are repossessed assets and properties, respectively, acquired through foreclosure, or through full or partial satisfaction of loans held-for-investment. Nonperforming assets were 195 million or 0.26 of total assets as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 81 million or 71 , compared with 114 million or 0.16 of total assets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 96 

The following table presents nonperforming assets information as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial: C I 75,272 37,036 38,236 103 CRE: CRE 3,273 23,249 (19,976) (86) Multifamily residential 4,586 4,669 (83) (2) Construction and land 11,316 11,316 100 Total CRE 19,175 27,918 (8,743) (31) Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential 35,735 24,377 11,358 47 HELOCs 16,576 13,411 3,165 24 Total residential mortgage 52,311 37,788 14,523 38 Other consumer 102 132 (30) (23) Total nonaccrual loans 146,860 102,874 43,986 43 OREO, net 41,248 11,141 30,107 270 Other nonperforming assets 7,358 7,358 100 Total nonperforming assets 195,466 114,015 81,451 71 Nonperforming assets to total assets 
 0.26 0.16 Nonaccrual loans to loans held-for-investment 0.28 0.20 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 474.25 650.06 
 
 Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due or when the full collection of principal or interest becomes uncertain regardless of the length of past due status. Collectability is generally assessed based on economic and business conditions, the borrower s financial condition, and the adequacy of collateral, if any. For additional details regarding the Company s nonaccrual loan policy, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Loans Held-for-Investment to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans were 147 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 44 million or 43 from 103 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in C I nonaccrual loans. As of September 30, 2024, 37 million or 25 of nonaccrual loans were less than 90 days delinquent. In comparison, 40 million or 39 of nonaccrual loans were less than 90 days delinquent as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 97 

The following table presents the accruing loans past due by portfolio segment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Total Accruing Past Due Loans (1) 
 Change Percentage of 
 Total Loans Outstanding 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial: C I 14,471 35,649 (21,178) (59) 0.08 0.21 CRE: CRE 2,576 3,517 (941) (27) 0.02 0.02 Multifamily residential 3,111 597 2,514 421 0.06 0.01 Construction and land 13,251 (13,251) (100) 2.00 Total CRE 5,687 17,365 (11,678) (67) 0.03 0.08 Total commercial 20,158 53,014 (32,856) (62) 0.05 0.14 Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential 44,119 45,228 (1,109) (2) 0.32 0.34 HELOCs 26,763 21,492 5,271 25 1.52 1.25 Total residential mortgage 70,882 66,720 4,162 6 0.45 0.44 Other consumer 3,102 3,265 (163) (5) 5.36 5.41 Total consumer 73,984 69,985 3,999 6 0.47 0.46 Total 94,142 122,999 (28,857) (23) 0.18 0.24 
 (1) There were no accruing loans past due 90 days or more as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company maintains its allowance for credit losses at a level it believes is sufficient to provide appropriate reserves to absorb estimated future credit losses in accordance with GAAP. For additional information on the policies, methodologies and judgments used to determine the allowance for credit losses, see Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates and Item 8. Financial Statements Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K, and Note 7 Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 98 

The following table presents an allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan portfolio segments and unfunded credit commitments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Allowance Allocation of Loan Type to Total Loans Allowance Allocation of Loan Type to Total Loans Allowance for loan losses Commercial: C I 378,315 32 392,685 32 CRE: CRE 221,244 27 170,592 28 Multifamily residential 31,782 10 34,375 10 Construction and land 12,208 1 10,469 1 Total CRE 265,234 38 215,436 39 Total commercial 643,549 70 608,121 71 Consumer: Residential mortgage: Single-family residential 48,231 26 55,018 26 HELOCs 3,210 4 3,947 3 Total residential mortgage 51,441 30 58,965 29 Other consumer 1,495 0 1,657 0 Total consumer 52,936 30 60,622 29 Total allowance for loan losses 696,485 100 668,743 100 Allowance for unfunded credit commitments 39,062 37,699 Total allowance for credit losses 735,547 706,442 Loans held-for-investment 53,253,181 52,210,782 Allowance for loan losses to loans held-for-investment 1.31 1.28 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Average loans held-for-investment 52,414,179 49,888,205 52,086,143 48,966,981 Net charge-offs 
 29,363 18,146 75,075 26,292 Annualized net charge-offs to average loans held-for-investment 0.22 0.14 0.19 0.07 
 
 The increases in the net charge-offs presented in the table above were primarily driven by higher losses in the C I portfolio, partially offset by lower losses in the construction and land portfolio. 

Liquidity Risk Management 

Liquidity. Liquidity risk arises from the Company s inability to meet its customer deposit withdrawals and obligations to other counterparties as they come due, or to obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost to meet those obligations. Liquidity risk also considers the stability of deposits. The objective of liquidity management is to manage the potential mismatch of asset and liability cash flows. Maintaining an adequate level of liquidity depends on the institution s ability to efficiently meet both expected and unexpected cash flow and collateral needs without adversely affecting daily operations or the financial condition of the institution. To achieve this objective, the Company analyzes its liquidity risk, maintains readily available liquid assets, and utilizes diverse funding sources including its stable core deposit base. 
 
 99 

The ROC has primary oversight responsibility over liquidity risk management. At the management level, the Company s Asset/Liability Committee ALCO establishes the liquidity guidelines that govern the day-to-day active management of the Company s liquidity position by requiring sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover potential funding requirements and avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. These guidelines are established and monitored for both the Bank and East West on a stand-alone basis to ensure that East West can serve as a source of strength for its subsidiaries. The ALCO regularly monitors the Company s liquidity status and related management processes, and provides regular reports on the Company s liquidity position relative to policy limits and guidelines to the Board of Directors. The Company believes its liquidity management practices have been effective under normal operating and stressed market conditions. 
 
 The Company also maintains a Contingency Funding Plan that provides an early-warning methodology to detect liquidity problems and provide a timely response. The Contingency Funding Plan describes the procedures, roles and responsibilities, and communication protocols for managing any identified liquidity problem. Management monitors the early-warning indicators defined in the Contingency Funding Plan, which include metrics for measuring the Company s internal liquidity status as well as company-specific and market-wide external factors. When early-warning signals are detected, the ALCO is informed, and the problem is evaluated for severity. The ALCO will approve the course of action and appropriate contingency funding sources, if any, that are needed. 
 
 Liquidity Sources. The Company s primary source of funding is from deposits, generated by its banking business, which we believe is a relatively stable and low-cost source of funding. Our loans are funded by deposits, which amounted to 61.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 56.1 billion as of December 31, 2023. The Company s loan-to-deposit ratio was 86 as of September 30, 2024, compared with 93 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition to deposits, the Company has access to various sources of wholesale financing, including borrowing capacity with the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), and several master repurchase agreements with major brokerage companies to sustain an adequate liquid asset portfolio, meet daily cash demands and allow management flexibility to execute its business strategy. However, general financial market and economic conditions could impact our access and cost of external funding. Additionally, the Company s access to capital markets is affected by the ratings received from various credit rating agencies. 
 
 Unencumbered loans and/or debt securities were pledged to the FHLB and the FRB discount window as collateral. The Company has established operational procedures to enable borrowing against these assets, including regular monitoring of the total pool of loans and debt securities eligible as collateral. Eligibility of collateral is defined in guidelines from the FHLB and FRB and is subject to change at their discretion. See Item 2 MD A Balance Sheet Analysis Deposits and Other Sources of Funding in this Form 10-Q for further details related to the Company s funding sources. The Company believes its cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowing capacity described below provide sufficient liquidity above its expected cash needs. 
 
 The Company maintains its source of liquidity in the form of cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity with its eligible loans and debt securities as collateral. The following table presents the Company s total cash and cash equivalents and collateralized borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 4,860,073 4,614,984 245,089 5 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 116,101 10,498 105,603 NM Collateralized borrowing capacity: FHLB 8,853,526 12,373,002 (3,519,476) (28) FRB 
 12,398,422 9,830,769 2,567,653 26 Unpledged available securities 6,843,863 1,988,526 4,855,337 244 Total 33,071,985 28,817,779 4,254,206 15 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 
 100 

The Company s cash and cash equivalents and collateralized borrowing capacity totaled 33.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 28.8 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily related to an increase in unpledged available securities and an increase in available borrowing capacity at the FRB due to the repayment of BTFP borrowings. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in available borrowing capacity at the FHLB, primarily due to the increase in FHLB advances during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Cash Requirements. In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual obligations that require future cash payments, including funding for customer deposit withdrawals, repayments for short- and long-term borrowings, and other cash commitments. For additional information on these obligations, see Note 9 Deposits to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K, and Note 8 Affordable Housing Partnership, Tax Credit and Community Reinvestment Act Investments, Net and Note 10 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Company also has off-balance sheet arrangements which represent transactions that are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company s off-balance sheet arrangements include (1) commitments to extend credit, such as loan commitments, commercial letters of credit for foreign and domestic trade, standby letters of credit SBLCs ), and financial guarantees, to meet the financing needs of its customers, (2) future interest obligations related to customer deposits and the Company s borrowings, and (3) transactions with unconsolidated entities that provide financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the Company, or engage in leasing, hedging or research and development services with the Company. Because many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future funding requirements. The Company does not expect the total commitment amounts as of September 30, 2024 to have a material current or future impact on the Company s financial conditions or results of operations. Additional information about the Company s loan commitments, commercial letters of credit and SBLCs is provided in Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows summarizes the Company s sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Excess cash generated by operating and investing activities may be used to repay outstanding debt or invest in liquid assets. 
 
 Liquidity for East West. In addition to bank level liquidity management, the Company manages liquidity at the parent company level for various operating needs including payment of dividends, repurchases of common stock, principal and interest payments on its borrowings, acquisitions and additional investments in its subsidiaries. East West s primary source of liquidity is from cash dividends distributed by its subsidiary, East West Bank. The Bank is subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions on its ability to pay dividends as discussed in Item 1 . Business Supervision and Regulation Dividends and Other Transfers of Funds in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. East West held 358 million and 446 million in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management believes that East West has sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet the projected cash obligations for the coming year. 
 
 Liquidity Stress Testing. The Company utilizes liquidity stress analysis to determine the appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the Company, foreign subsidiary and foreign branch to meet contractual and contingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. Scenario analyses include assumptions about significant changes in key funding sources, market triggers, potential uses of funding and economic conditions in certain countries. In addition, Company specific events are incorporated into the stress testing. Liquidity stress tests are conducted to ascertain potential mismatches between liquidity sources and uses over various time horizons and under a variety of stressed conditions. Given the range of potential stresses, the Company maintains contingency funding plans on a consolidated basis and for individual entities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company believes it has adequate liquidity resources to conduct operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of business, and is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, capital resources or operations. Given the changing market and economic conditions, the Company will continue to actively evaluate the impact on its business and financial position. For more details on how economic conditions may impact our liquidity, see Item 1A . Risk Factors in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 101 

Market Risk Management 
 
 Market risk refers to the risk of potential loss due to adverse movements in market risk factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, and credit spreads. The Company is primarily exposed to interest rate risk through its core business activities of extending loans and acquiring deposits. There have been no significant changes in our risk management practices as described in Item 7 . MD A Market Risk Management in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 

Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that market fluctuations in interest rates can have a negative impact on the Company s earnings and capital stemming from mismatches in the Company s asset and liability cash flows primarily arising from customer-related activities such as lending and deposit-taking. The Company is subject to interest rate risk because: 
 
 Assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times. If assets reprice faster than liabilities and interest rates are generally rising, earnings will initially increase; 
 Assets and liabilities may reprice at the same time but by different amounts; 
 Short- and long-term market interest rates may change by different amounts. For example, the shape of the yield curve may affect the yield of new loans and funding costs differently; 
 The remaining maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. For example, if long-term mortgage interest rates increase sharply, mortgage-related products may pay down at a slower rate than anticipated, which could impact portfolio income and valuation; or 
 Interest rates may have a direct or indirect effect on loan demand, collateral values, mortgage origination volume, and the fair value of other financial instruments. 
 
 The ALCO coordinates the overall management of the Company s interest rate risk, meets regularly to review the Company s open market positions and establishes policies to monitor and limit exposure to market risk. Interest rate risk management is carried out primarily through strategies involving the Company s loan portfolio, debt securities portfolio, available funding channels and capital market activities. In addition, the Company s policies permit the use of derivative instruments to assist in managing interest rate risk. 
 
 We measure and monitor interest rate risk exposure through various risk management tools, which include a simulation model that performs interest rate sensitivity analyses under multiple interest rate scenarios against a baseline. The simulation model incorporates the market s forward rate expectations and the Company s earning assets and liabilities. The Company uses a dynamic balance sheet, incorporating expected forward growth and/or deposit product mix shift to perform the interest rate sensitivity analyses. The simulated interest rate scenarios include an instantaneous parallel shift in the yield curve and a gradual parallel shift in the yield curve linear rate ramp ). In addition, the Company also performs simulations using other alternative interest rate scenarios, including various permutations of the yield curve flattening, steepening or inverting. The Company uses the results of these simulations to formulate and gauge strategies to achieve a desired risk profile within its capital and liquidity guidelines. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company transitioned its net interest income volatility simulations from a static to a dynamic balance sheet approach and adopted market forward rates instead of flat forward rates. This change better reflects the interest rate risk on the Company s financial statements. Furthermore, the Company standardized its simulation scenarios by shifting from non-parallel to parallel shocks for both instantaneous and gradual net interest income simulations, as well as for economic value of equity EVE simulations. This alignment with industry-standard scenario definitions is intended to enhance interpretability and comparability. 
 
 The net interest income simulation model is based on the maturity and repricing characteristics of the Company s interest rate sensitive assets, liabilities, and related derivative contracts. This model also incorporates various assumptions, which management believes to be reasonable but that may have a significant impact on the results. These key assumptions include the timing and magnitude of changes in interest rates, the yield curve evolution and shape, the correlation between various interest rate indices, financial instruments future repricing characteristics and spread relative to benchmark rates, and the effect of interest rate floors and caps. The modeled results are highly sensitive to deposit mix and deposit beta assumptions, which we derive from a regression analysis of the Company s historical deposit data. 
 102 

Simulation results are highly dependent on modeled behaviors and input assumptions. To the extent that actual behaviors are different from the assumptions used in the models, there could be material changes to the interest rate sensitivity results. The key behavioral models impacting interest rate sensitivity simulations include deposit repricing, deposit balance forecasts, and mortgage prepayments. These models and assumptions are documented, supported, and periodically back-tested to assess the reasonableness and effectiveness. The Company also regularly monitors the sensitivity of the other important modeling assumptions, such as loan and security prepayments and early withdrawal on fixed-rate customer liabilities. The Company makes appropriate calibrations to the model as needed and continually validates the model, methodology and results. Changes to key model assumptions are reviewed by the Technical ALCO, a subcommittee of ALCO. Scenario results do not reflect strategies that the management could employ to limit the impact of changing interest rate expectations. The simulation does not represent a forecast of the Company s net interest income but is a tool utilized to assess the risk of the impact of changing market interest rates across a range of interest rate environments. 
 
 The Company employs a variety of quantitative and qualitative approaches to capture historical deposit repricing and balance behaviors. These historical observations are performed at a granular level based on key product characteristics, including distinctions for brokered, public, and large commercial deposits, which are then combined with forward-looking market expectations and the competitive landscape to generate the deposit repricing and balance forecasting models. The Company uses these deposit repricing models to forecast deposit interest expense. The repricing models provide sufficient granularity to reflect key behavioral differences across product and customer types. The deposit beta is a key parameter of the deposit rate forecast. The deposit beta defines the sensitivity of deposit rates to changes in the Effective Fed Funds Rate. In September 2024, the Company assumed a weighted-average beta of 53.5 for total deposits, an increase of approximately 2.8 from December 31, 2023, which was due to updates of deposit beta assumptions and deposit product mix changes. 
 
 As loan and security prepayment assumptions are key components of the Company s model, the Company incorporates third-party vendor models to forecast prepayment behavior on mortgage loans and securities, which have mortgage loans as underlying collateral. These third-party vendor models have access to more comprehensive industry-level data that can capture specific borrower and collateral characteristics over a variety of interest rate cycles. The Company will periodically assess and adjust the vendor models when appropriate to include its own available observations and expectations. 
 
 Twelve-Month Net Interest Income Simulation 
 
 Net interest income simulation modeling measures interest rate risk through earnings volatility. The simulation projects the cash flow changes in interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, expressed in terms of net interest income, over a specified time horizon for defined interest rate scenarios. Net interest income simulations provide insight into the impact of market rate changes on earnings, which help guide risk management decisions. The Company assesses interest rate risk by comparing the changes of net interest income in different interest rate scenarios. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s net interest income sensitivity related to an instantaneous and sustained parallel shift in market interest rates by 100 and 200 bps as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, on a balance sheet assuming market implied forward rates and a dynamic balance sheet with forecasted loan and deposit growth on the date of analysis. 
 Net Interest Income Volatility (1) 
 Change in Interest Rates (in bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 +200 6.4 4.6 +100 3.9 2.7 -100 (4.1) (3.3) -200 (7.5) (6.7) 
 (1) The percentage change represents net interest income change over a 12-month period under market implied forward rates and expected balance sheet growth as of the analysis date versus various interest rate scenarios. 
 
 103 

The composition of the Company s loan portfolio creates sensitivity to interest rate movements due to a mismatch of repricing behavior between the floating-rate loan portfolio and deposit products. In the table above, net interest income volatility expressed in relation to base-case net interest income decreased for rising rate scenarios and increased for decreasing rate scenarios as of September 30, 2024. This change reflects deposit product mix assumptions, which assume noninterest-bearing deposits decrease in higher interest rate environments and are replaced with term deposit products. 
 
 The Company also models scenarios based on gradual shifts in interest rates and assesses the corresponding impacts. These interest rate scenarios provide additional information to estimate the Company s underlying interest rate risk. The rate ramp table below shows the net interest income volatility under a gradual parallel shift of the market implied forward rates, in even monthly increments over the first 12 months, with the full shift passed through to the forward rates thereafter. The results are based on a dynamic balance sheet with expected loan and deposit growth as of the date of the analysis. 
 Net Interest Income Volatility Change in Interest Rates (in bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 +200 Rate Ramp 4.9 4.0 +100 Rate Ramp 2.3 2.0 -100 Rate Ramp (2.1) (1.7) -200 Rate Ramp (4.2) (3.8) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s net interest income profile reflects an asset sensitive position, where assets reprice faster or more significantly than liabilities. Net interest income is expected to increase when interest rates rise as the Company has a large population of variable rate loans, primarily tied to Prime and Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR indices. The Company s interest income is sensitive to changes in short-term interest rates. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company designated interest rate contracts with a notional amount of 5.3 billion as cash flow hedges, which reduced net interest income volatility by approximately 1.42 of the base net interest income for every 100 bps change in interest rate . 
 
 A majority of the Company s deposit portfolio is composed of non-maturity deposits, which are not directly tied to short-term interest rate indices, but are, nevertheless, sensitive to changes in short-term interest rates. The modeled results are highly sensitive to modeled behavior and assumptions. Actual net interest income results may deviate from the model s net interest income due to earning asset growth variation and deposit mix changes based on customer preferences relative to the interest rate environment. During a period of declining interest rates, balance sheet growth could offset headwinds to net interest income from yield compression. 
 
 Economic Value of Equity at Risk 
 
 EVE is a cash flow calculation that takes the present value of all asset cash flows and subtracts the present value of all liability cash flows. This calculation is used for asset/liability management and measures changes in the net present value of the bank s assets and liabilities due to changes in interest rates. 
 
 The economic value approach provides a comparatively broader scope than the net interest income volatility approach since it represents the discounted present value of cash flows over the expected life of the instruments. Due to this longer horizon, EVE is useful to identify risks arising from repricing, prepayment and maturity gaps between assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, as well as from off-balance sheet derivative exposures, over their lifetime. This long-term economic perspective into the Company s interest rate risk profile allows the Company to identify anticipated negative effects of interest rate fluctuations. However, the difference in time horizons can cause the EVE analysis to diverge from the shorter-term net interest income analysis presented above. Given the uncertainty of the magnitude, timing and direction of future interest rate movements, the shape of the yield curve, and potential changes to the balance sheet, actual results may vary from those predicted by the Company s model. 
 
 104 

The following table presents the Company s EVE sensitivity related to an instantaneous parallel shift in market interest rates by 100 and 200 bps as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 EVE Volatility (1) 
 Change in Interest Rates (in bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 +200 (10.2) (10.3) +100 (4.9) (5.4) -100 5.1 3.0 -200 10.6 6.0 
 (1) The percentage change represents net present value change of the balance sheet as of the analysis date versus various interest rate scenarios. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s EVE is expected to decrease when interest rates rise. The EVE sensitivity represents a duration mismatch between fixed-rate assets versus fixed-rate liabilities where more fixed- rate assets are expected to produce more stable net interest income in the short term but may lead to decreases in net present value of future cash flows. 

Derivatives 
 
 It is the Company s policy not to speculate on the future direction of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. However, the Company periodically enters into derivative transactions in order to manage its exposure to market risk, primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. The Company believes these derivative transactions, when properly structured and managed, provide a hedge against inherent risk in certain assets and liabilities or against risk in specific transactions. Hedging transactions may be implemented using a variety of derivative instruments such as swaps, forwards, options, and collars. The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in interest received on certain floating-rate commercial loans and interest paid on certain floating-rate borrowings. Foreign exchange derivatives are used in net investment hedging strategies to mitigate the risk of changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of a designated monetary amount of the Company s net investment in East West Bank (China) Limited. Prior to entering any hedge accounting activity, the Company analyzes the costs and benefits of the hedge in comparison to alternative strategies. The Company also repositions its hedging derivatives portfolio based on the current assessment of economic and financial conditions, including the interest rate and foreign currency environments, balance sheet composition and trends, and the relative mix of its cash and derivative positions. 
 
 In addition, the Company enters into derivative transactions in order to accommodate its customers with their business needs or to assist customers with their risk management objectives, such as managing exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodity prices. To economically hedge against the derivative contracts entered into with the Company s customers, the Company enters into offsetting derivative contracts with third-party financial institutions, some of which are cleared through central clearing organizations. The exposures from derivative transactions are collateralized by cash and/or eligible securities based on limits as set forth in the respective agreements between the Company and counterparty financial institutions. The fair value changes of the derivative contracts traded with third-party financial institutions are expected to be largely comparable to the fair value changes of the derivative transactions executed with customers throughout the terms of these contracts, except for the credit valuation adjustment component of the contracts and the spread variances between the customer derivatives and the offsetting financial counterparty positions. The Company also utilizes foreign exchange contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to mitigate the economic effect of fluctuations in certain foreign currency on-balance sheet assets and liabilities, primarily foreign currency denominated deposits offered to its customers. 
 
 105 

The Company is subject to credit risk associated with the counterparties to the derivative contracts. This counterparty credit risk is a multi-dimensional form of risk, affected by both the exposure and credit quality of the counterparty, both of which are sensitive to market-induced changes. The Company s Credit Risk Management Committee provides oversight of credit risk, and the Company has guidelines in place to manage counterparty concentration, tenor limits, and collateral. The Company manages the credit risk of its derivative positions by diversifying its positions among various counterparties, by entering into legally enforceable master netting agreements, and by requiring collateral arrangements, where possible. The Company may also transfer counterparty credit risk related to interest rate swaps to third-party financial institutions through the use of credit risk participation agreements. Certain derivative contracts are required to be cleared through central clearinghouses, to further mitigate counterparty credit risk, where variation margin is applied daily as settlement to the fair value of the derivative contracts. In addition, the Company incorporates credit value adjustments and other market standard methodologies to appropriately reflect the counterparty s and the Company s own nonperformance risk in the fair value measurement of its derivatives. As of September 30, 2024, the Company anticipates performance by all of its counterparties and has not incurred any related credit losses. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information on derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges and utilized by the Company in its management of interest rate and foreign currency risks as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Interest Rate Contracts Hedging Loans (1)(2)(3) 
 Interest Rate Contracts Hedging Loans (1)(2)(3) 
 Cash flow hedges Notional amount 4,000,000 4,000,000 Weighted-average: Receive rate 4.95 4.95 Pay rate 7.11 7.32 Remaining term (in months) 26.8 35.8 in thousands) Foreign Exchange Contracts Foreign Exchange Contracts Net investment hedges Notional amount 81,480 Hedged percentage (4) 
 44 Remaining term (in months) 2.7 
 (1) Represents receive-fixed/pay-floating interest rate swaps and excludes interest rate collars. Floating rates paid are based on SOFR or Prime. 
 (2) Excludes interest rate collars in total notional amount of 250 million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Excludes forward-starting swaps in total notional amount of 1.0 billion not effective as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (4) Represents percentage between the notional of outstanding foreign exchange contracts and the net RMB exposure from East West Bank (China) Limited. The Company does not have any active net investment hedges as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Additional information on the Company s derivatives is presented in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Significant Accounting Policies Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K, Note 3 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments, and Note 6 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 106 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. Certain of these policies include critical accounting estimates, which are subject to valuation assumptions, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and it is likely that materially different amounts could be reported under different assumptions and conditions. The Company has procedures and processes in place to facilitate making these judgments. The following accounting policies are critical to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 allowance for credit losses; 
 fair value estimates; 
 goodwill impairment; and 
 income taxes. 
 For additional information on the Company s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments, see Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement the Company s unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company uses certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with, or as an alternative to U.S. GAAP. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance that either excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have such an effect, that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable financial measure that is calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this Form 10-Q are adjusted diluted EPS, return on average TCE, tangible book value per share and FTE efficiency ratio. Certain additional non-GAAP financial measures that are components of the foregoing non-GAAP financial measures are also set forth and reconciled in the table below. The Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provide meaningful supplemental information regarding its performance, and allow comparability to prior periods. These non-GAAP financial measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. 
 
 107 

The following tables present the reconciliations of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, and shares in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (a) 299,166 287,738 872,471 922,208 Add: FDIC charge (1) 
 12,185 Write-off of AFS debt security (2) 
 10,000 Repurchase agreements extinguishment cost (3) 
 3,872 Less: DC Solar recovery (4) 
 (11,201) (14,347) (5,571) Tax effect of adjustment (5) 
 3,311 639 (2,431) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) (b) 291,276 287,738 870,948 928,078 Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding (c) 139,648 142,122 139,939 142,044 Diluted EPS (a)/(c) 2.14 2.02 6.23 6.49 Add: FDIC charge (1) 
 0.09 Write-off of AFS debt security (2) 
 0.07 Repurchase agreements extinguishment cost (3) 
 0.03 Less: DC Solar recovery (4) 
 (0.08) (0.10) (0.04) Tax effect of adjustments (5) 
 0.03 (0.02) Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP) (b)/(c) 2.09 2.02 6.22 6.53 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (a) 299,166 287,738 872,471 922,208 Add: Amortization of core deposit intangibles 441 1,322 Amortization of mortgage servicing assets 348 328 988 1,026 Tax effect of amortization adjustments (5) 
 (103) (225) (292) (688) Tangible net income (non-GAAP) (b) 299,411 288,282 873,167 923,868 Average stockholders equity (c) 7,443,333 6,604,798 7,175,445 6,411,250 Less: Average goodwill (465,697) (465,697) (465,697) (465,697) Average other intangible assets (6) 
 (5,790) (6,148) (6,123) (6,916) Average tangible book value (non-GAAP) (d) 6,971,846 6,132,953 6,703,625 5,938,637 ROE (7) 
 (a)/(c) 15.99 17.28 16.24 19.23 Return on average TCE (7) (non-GAAP) 
 (b)/(d) 17.08 18.65 17.40 20.80 
 Refer to footnotes on the following page. 
 
 108 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses (a) 572,722 570,813 1,691,090 1,737,420 FTE adjustment 
 (b) 
 411 433 3,491 1,288 FTE net interest income before provision for credit losses 
 (c)=(a)+(b) 
 573,133 571,246 1,694,581 1,738,708 Total noninterest income (d) 
 84,761 76,752 248,422 215,361 Total revenue (e)=(a)+(d) 
 657,483 647,565 1,939,512 1,952,781 FTE total revenue (8) (non-GAAP) 
 (f)=(c)+(d) 
 657,894 647,998 1,943,003 1,954,069 Total noninterest expense 
 (g) 
 226,166 252,014 709,475 732,250 Efficiency ratio (g)/(e) 
 34.40 38.92 36.58 37.50 FTE efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 
 (g)/(f) 34.38 38.89 36.51 37.47 
 and shares in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Stockholders equity (a) 7,664,539 6,950,834 Less: Goodwill (465,697) (465,697) Other intangible assets (6) 
 (5,563) (6,602) Tangible book value (non-GAAP) (b) 7,193,279 6,478,535 Number of common shares at period-end (c) 138,609 140,027 Book value per share (a)/(c) 55.30 49.64 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) (b)/(c) 51.90 46.27 
 (1) Represents the pre-tax FDIC charge recorded in Deposit insurance premiums and regulatory assessment s on the Consolidated Statement of Income in the first half of 2024. 
 (2) Represents the pre-tax impairment related to an AFS debt security that was written-off in the first quarter of 2023. 
 (3) Represents the debt extinguishment cost on early prepayment of 300 million of repurchase agreements in the first quarter of 2023. 
 (4) Represents the pre-tax DC Solar recovery recorded in Amortization of tax credit and CRA investments on the Consolidated Statement of Income in the second and third quarters of 2024, as well as the first and second quarters of 2023. 
 (5) Applied statutory tax rate of 29.56 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 and 29.29 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 (6) Includes core deposit intangibles and mortgage servicing assets. There were no core deposit intangibles in the 2024 periods presented. 
 (7) Annualized. 
 (8) FTE total revenue is reflected on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), which adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and debt securities. 
 109 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding market risk in the Company s portfolio, see Note 6 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q and Item 2. MD A Risk Management Market Risk Management in this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 110 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Form 10-Q, incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company s 2023 Form 10-K contains disclosure regarding the risks and uncertainties related to the Company s business under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors . There have been no material changes to the Company s risk factors as presented in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 111 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities or repurchase activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or Section 16 reporting officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of the SEC s Regulation S-K). 
 
 112 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibit index lists Exhibits filed, or in the case of Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 furnished, with this report: 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on September 17, 1998 (File No. 333-63605).] 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 filed with the Commission on March 28, 2003 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.1.2 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Increase Authorized Shares of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 15, 2005 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.1.3 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A from Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 23, 2008 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.1.4 Certificate of Designations of 8.00 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 30, 2008 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.1.5 Certificate of Designations of Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1, 4.1 from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2008 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.1.6 Certificate of Designations of Mandatorily Convertible Cumulative Non-Voting Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C of the Registrant [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1, 4.1 from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 12, 2009 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated March 14, 2023 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on Ma rch 1 7, 202 3 (File No. 000-24939).] 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith. 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 filed herewith). Filed herewith. 
 113 

GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS 

AFS Available-for-sale GNMA Government National Mortgage Association ALCO Asset/Liability Committee HELOC Home equity lines of credit AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income HTM Held-to-maturity ASC Accounting Standards Codification IAR Independent Asset Review ASU Accounting Standards Update IDI Insured deposit institution BTFP Bank Term Funding Program LCH London Clearing House C I Commercial and industrial LGD Loss given default CARB California Air Resources Board LTV Loan-to-value CCDAA Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CECL Current expected credit Losses MMBTU Million British thermal unit CLO Collateralized loan obligation NAV Net asset value CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange NRSRO Nationally recognized statistical rating organizations CRA Community Reinvestment Act OREO Other real estate owned CRE Commercial real estate PAM Proportionate amortization method CRFRA Climate-Related Financial Risk Act PD Probability of default DIF Deposit Insurance Fund RMB Chinese Renminbi DOJ The U.S. Department of Justice ROA Return on average assets EPS Earnings per share ROC Risk Oversight Committee ERM Enterprise risk management ROE Return on average common equity EVE Economic value of equity RPA Credit risk participation agreement FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation RSU Restricted stock unit FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank SBLC Standby letter of credit FRB Federal Reserve Bank SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission FTE Fully taxable equivalent SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FTP Funds transfer pricing TCE Tangible Common Equity GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles U.S. United States GDP Gross Domestic Product USD U.S. dollar 
 
 114 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: November 8, 2024 EAST WEST BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) By /s/ Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 115 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ewbc31110q9302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Dominic Ng, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of East West Bancorp, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s DOMINIC NG Dominic Ng Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ewbc31210q9302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 FOR THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of East West Bancorp, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s CHRISTOPHER J. DEL MORAL-NILES Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ewbc32110q9302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of East West Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dominic Ng, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, based on my knowledge that 
 
 a. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s DOMINIC NG Dominic Ng Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ewbc32210q9302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of East West Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, based on my knowledge that 
 
 a. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s CHRISTOPHER J. DEL MORAL-NILES Christopher J. Del Moral-Niles 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ewbc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ewbc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ewbc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ewbc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ewbc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

