<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-Q_edgar_data_1602409_0001520138-24-000360.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6272084</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264405</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1291082</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1707979</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1271100</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1575834</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-24-000360.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015163036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-24-000360
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FingerMotion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001602409
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				464600326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41187
		FILM NUMBER:		241372220

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SOMERSET ROAD, LEVEL 3
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			238164
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 349-5339

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SOMERSET ROAD, LEVEL 3
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			238164

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Property Management Corp of America
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-24-000360.txt : 20241015

10-Q
 1
 fngr-20240831_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
_______________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which 
registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock outstanding as of October
14, 2024. 

FINGERMOTION, INC. 

 FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 
 37 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 Compared to the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 
 41 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 44 
 
 ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 47 
 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 47 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 48 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 49 

ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 49 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 49 
 
 ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 71 
 
 ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 71 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 71 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 71 
 
 ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 72 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3 

FINGERMOTION, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the six months ended August 31, 2024 

(Unaudited - Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

4 

FingerMotion, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

August 31, 
 February 29, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 ASSETS 
 (Unaudited) 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepayment and deposit 

Other receivables 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current Assets 

Equipment 

Intangible assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Total Non-current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrual and other payables 

Loan payable 

Stock subscription receivables 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Lease liability, non-current portion 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding - - shares. 

Common Stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares and issued and outstanding at August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Additional paid-in capital - stock options 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Stockholders equity before non-controlling interests 

Non-controlling interests 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

5 

FingerMotion, Inc. 

 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Three Months Ended 
 Six Months Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 
 August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Amortization depreciation 

General administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Stock compensation expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Exchange gain (loss) 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss before income tax 

Income tax expenses 

Net loss 

Less: Net profit (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

NET PROFIT (LOSS) PER SHARE 

Loss Per Share - Basic 

Loss Per Share - Diluted 

NET PROFIT (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY 

Loss Per Share - Basic 

Loss Per Share - Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

6 

FingerMotion, Inc. 

 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity 

Accumulated 

Capital Paid 
 Additional 
 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 in Excess 
 Paid-in capital 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of Par Value 
 stock options 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 equity 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance at March 1, 2024 

Common stock issued for professional service 

Additional paid-in capital stock options 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net (Loss) 

Balance at May 31, 2024 

Additional paid-in capital stock options 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

Balance at August 31, 2024 

7 

Accumulated 

Capital Paid 
 Additional 
 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 in Excess 
 Paid-in capital 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of Par Value 
 stock options 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 equity 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance at March 1, 2023 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for professional service 

Execution of convertible notes 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net profit (loss) 

Balance at May 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for professional service 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Additional paid-in capital stock options 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

Balance at August 31, 2023 

8 

FingerMotion, Inc. 

 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Six Months Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share based compensation expenses 

Amortization and depreciation 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 

(Increase) decrease in prepayment and deposit 

(Increase) decrease in other receivables 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrual and other payables 

Increase (decrease) in due to lease liability 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceed from loan payable 

Repayment of convertible note 

Advances from stock subscription receivable 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Major non-cash transactions: 

Conversion of loan payables to shares 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

9 

FINGERMOTION, INC. 

 Six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares
of common stock to the FMCL shareholders. In addition, the Company issued shares to other consultants in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement. 

The transaction was accounted for as a reverse
acquisition since, immediately following completion of the transaction, the shareholders of FMCL effectuated control of the post-combination
Company. For accounting purposes, FMCL was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction
is treated as a recapitalization of FMCL (i.e., a capital transaction involving the issuance of shares by the Company for the shares of
FMCL). Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations of FMCL became the historical financial statements
of FingerMotion, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with
FMCL beginning on the acquisition date. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill were recorded in this transaction. 

As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement and
the other transactions contemplated thereunder, FMCL became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. FMCL, a Hong Kong corporation, was
formed in April 6, 2016. 

On October 16, 2018, the Company through its indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe Management ), entered into a series of agreements
known as variable interest agreements (the VIE Agreements pursuant to which Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co.,
Ltd. JiuGe Technology became JiuGe Management s contractually controlled affiliate. The use of VIE agreements is
a common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries in which foreign investment is restricted or forbidden
by the PRC government. The VIE Agreements include a Consulting Services Agreement, a Loan Agreement, a Power of Attorney Agreement, a
Call Option Agreement, and a Share Pledge Agreement in order to secure the connection and commitments of JiuGe Technology. 

On March 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology also acquired
99 of the equity interest of Beijing XunLian BX ), a subsidiary that provides bulk distribution of SMS messages for JiuGe
Technology customers at discounted rates. 

Finger Motion Financial Company Limited was incorporated
on January 24, 2020 and is 100 owned by FingerMotion, Inc. The company has been activated for the insurtech business during the last
quarter of the fiscal year 2021 where the Big Data division secured its first contract and recorded revenue. 

Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication
Technology Co., Ltd. was incorporated on December 23, 2020 for the purpose of venturing into the mobile phone sales in China. It is 99 
owned by JiuGe Technology. 

On February 5, 2021, JiuGe Technology disposed
of its 99 owned subsidiary, Suzhou BuGuNiao Digital Technology Co., Ltd., which was established to venture into R D projects. 

Shanghai KeShunXiang Automobile Service Co., Ltd.
was incorporated on April 10, 2024 for the purpose of venturing into the communication and streaming services in China. It is 99 owned
by JiuGe Technology. 

The following assets and liabilities of the VIE
and VIE s subsidiaries are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company as of August
31, 2024 and February 29, 2024: 

Assets and liabilities of the VIE 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Assets and liabilities of the VIE Subsidiary 

August 31, 2024 
 February 29, 2024 

(unaudited) 

Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Operating Result of VIE 

For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Amortization and depreciation 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Total operating expenses 

Net profit (loss) from operations 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total other income 

Tax expense 

Net profit (loss) 

Operating Result of VIE Subsidiaries 

For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Amortization and depreciation 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Total operating expenses 

Net profit (loss) from operations 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total other income 

Tax expense 

Net profit (loss) 

- years. Similar to tangible property and equipment, the Company periodically evaluates identifiable intangible
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

and
 as at August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, respectively, and had a net loss of and for the six months
ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The Company s continuation as a going concern
is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing to fund operations, implement its business model, and ultimately, attain profitable
operations. The Company will need to secure additional funds through various means, including equity and debt financing or any similar
financing. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing, if and when needed,
on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. Any additional equity or debt financing may involve substantial dilution to the Company s
stockholders, restrictive covenants or high interest costs. The Company s long-term liquidity also depends upon its ability to generate
revenues and achieve profitability. 

and in revenue,
respectively, for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

SMS MMS Business 

Command Communication 

Big Data 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Net equipment 

No significant residual value is estimated for the equipment. Depreciation
expense for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 totalled and , respectively. 

Mobile applications 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Net intangible assets 

No significant residual value is estimated for
these intangible assets. Amortization expense for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 totalled and , respectively. 

Prepayment 

Security deposit 

Others 

Other receivables 

Lease liability 

Current lease liability	 

Non-current lease liability 

Total lease liability 

Remaining lease term and discount rate 
 August 31, 2024 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 months 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Commitments 

The following table summarizes the future minimum
lease payments due under the Company s operating leases as of August 31, 2024: 

Thereafter 

Less: imputed interest 

at May 1, 2022 and accruing interest at was due on April 30, 2023. The note was convertible anytime from the date of issuance into
 par value Common Stock at per share. 

On April 28, 2023, the Company repaid the Note
Payable of . 

shares of common stock at price of per share to our primary lender pursuant to the conversion of
 of principal amount of the Note issued to our primary lender on August 9, 2022. 

On April
18, 2023, we issued shares of common stock at a price of per share pursuant to the exercise of warrants. 

On April 24, 2023, we issued shares of
our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On July 17, 2023, the Company issued shares
of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to The Benchmark Company, LLC Benchmark pursuant to the cashless
exercise of warrants. 

On August 3, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of our common stock at a price of per share to three individuals pursuant to the exercise of warrants. 

On August 3, 2023, the Company issued shares
of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On September 5, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement and issued shares
of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On September 14, 2023, two officers of the Company
exercised an aggregate of stock options on a deemed net-stock exercise basis resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of 
shares of our common stock and the forfeiture of stock options to the Company. 

On March 29, 2024, the Company issued shares
of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to consulting agreements, dated February 27, 2023 and
February 24, 2024. 

On March 29, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of our common stock under its 2023 Stock Incentive Plan at a deemed price of per share to two individuals pursuant to consulting
agreements. 

As of May 28, 2024, the Company has received 
in subscription proceeds to purchase shares of its common stock at per share on a private placement basis, however, on August
5, 2024, the Board of the Directors of the Company authorized a reduction of the subscription price from 2.50 to 1.50 per share, such
that the non-brokered private placement offering (the Offering of up to 800,000 shares for aggregate proceeds of up to
 2,000,000 will now be up to 1,333,333 shares for aggregate proceeds of up to 2,000,000. 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company has received
 in subscription proceeds to purchase shares of its common stock at per share on a private placement basis. 

As of August 31, 2024 there were shares
of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, and none of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding. 

Share Purchase Warrants 

A continuity schedule
of outstanding share purchase warrants as at August 31, 2024, and the changes during the periods, is as follows: 

Exercised 

Expired 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cashless Exercised 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

On April
18, 2023 , the Company received from the exercise of warrants for the purchase of shares of common stock of the
Company at a price of per share from 1 individual. 

On
April 19, 2023, stock purchase warrants having an exercise price of per share expired. 

On July 13, 2023, the Company received 
from the exercise of warrants for the purchase of shares of common stock of the Company at a price of per share from three
individuals. 

On
July 13, 2023, stock purchase warrants having an exercise price of per share expired. 

On July 17, 2023, Benchmark
 exercised warrants on the cashless exercise basis resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. 

A summary of share purchase warrants outstanding
and exercisable as at August 31, 2024 is as follows: 

Stock Options 

On
December 28, 2021, the Company granted an aggregate of stock options pursuant to the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan having an exercise price of per share and an expiry date of five years from the date of grant to 40 individuals who were
directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities
Act provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act for the grant of stock options to individuals who are
non-U.S. persons and upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act for two individuals who are
U.S. persons. The stock options are all subject to vesting provisions of 20 on the date of grant and 20 on each of the first, second,
third, and fourth anniversary of the date of grant. At our annual meeting of stockholders held on February 17, 2023, the stockholder approved
an amendment to the exercise price of the outstanding stock options from 8.00 to 3.84. The strike price adjustment did not affect the
fair value. 

The fair value of these
stock options was estimated at the date of grant, using the Black-Scholes Option Valuation Model, with the following weighted average
assumptions: 

Expected Volatility 

Expected Life in Years 

Expected Dividend Yield 

Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 

On July 28, 2023, the
Company granted an aggregate of stock options pursuant to the Company s 2023 Stock
Incentive Plan having an exercise price of per share and an expiry date of five years from the date of grant to 22 individuals
who were employees and consultants of the Company s subsidiaries and contractually controlled affiliate. The stock options are all
subject to vesting provisions of 20 on the date of grant and 20 on each of the first, second, third and fourth anniversary of the date
of grant. 

The fair value of these
stock options was estimated at the date of grant, using the Black-Scholes Option Valuation Model, with the following weighted average
assumptions: 

Expected Volatility 

Expected Life in Years 

Expected Dividend Yield 

Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 

A continuity schedule
of outstanding stock options as at August 31, 2024, and the changes during the six months periods, is as follows: 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

Stock Options Grant - July 28, 2023 

Exercised 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

Stock Options (continued) 

The table below sets forth the number of issued
shares and cash received upon exercise of stock options: 

Number of Options Exercised on Cash Basis 

Total Number of Options Exercised 

Number of Shares Issued on Cash Exercise 

Number of Shares Issued on Forfeiture Basis 

Total Number of Shares Issued Upon Exercise of Options 

Cash Received from Exercise of Stock Options 

Total Intrinsic Value of Options Exercised 

A continuity schedule
of outstanding unvested stock options at August 31, 2024, and the changes during the six months periods, is as follows: 

Stock Options Grant - July 28, 2023 

Vested July 28, 2023 

Vested December 28, 2023 

Vested July 28, 2024 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

As at August 31, 2024,
the aggregate intrinsic value of all outstanding stock options granted was estimated at 0 as the current price as of August 30, 2024
is , which is lower than the strike price of all outstanding options. 

A summary of stock options
outstanding and exercisable as at August 31, 2024 is as follows: 

to 

to 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding diluted 

Loss per common share basic 

Loss per common share diluted 

. The Company generated a taxable loss for the six
months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Hong Kong 

Finger Motion Company Limited is incorporated
in Hong Kong and Hong Kong s profits tax rate is . Finger Motion Company Limited did not earn any income that was derived in
Hong Kong for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

The People s Republic of China (PRC) 

JiuGe Management, JiuGe Technology, Beijing XunLian
and Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu were incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income tax at . 

Income tax mainly consists of foreign income tax
at statutory rates and the effects of permanent and temporary differences. The Company s effective income tax rates for the six
months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

Foreign income not registered in the U.S. 

PRC profit tax rate 

Changes in valuation allowance and others 

Effective tax rate 

At August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the
Company has a deferred tax asset of and , resulting from certain net operating losses in U.S., respectively. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those net operating
losses are available. The Company considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making its assessment. At present,
the Company concludes that it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will be able to realize all of its tax benefits in the near future
and therefore a valuation allowance has been provided for the full value of the deferred tax asset. A valuation allowance will be maintained
until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the reversal of any portion or all of the valuation allowance. At August 31, 2024
and February 29, 2024, the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 

On July 18, 2024, the 

On October 11, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to 15 individuals due to the closing of its private placement at 1.50 per share for gross proceeds of .
In connection with the closing of the private placement, the Company paid cash finder s fees of an aggregate of to three
individuals. 

26 

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The terms the Registrant , we ,
 us , our , FingerMotion and the Company mean FingerMotion, Inc. or as the context
requires, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries and contractually controlled companies. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following management s discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations (the MD A contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among others, statements regarding our capital needs, business
plans and expectations. In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions
set forth in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the SEC and, including, without limitation, this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the six months ended August 31, 2024, and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2024, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained therein. These factors, or any one of them, may cause
our actual results or actions in the future to differ materially from any forward-looking statement made in this document. Refer to Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2024, and Item 1A - Risk Factors, under Part II - Other Information of this Quarterly Report. 

Introduction 

This MD A is focused on material changes in
our financial condition from February 29, 2024, our most recently completed year end, to August 31, 2024, and our results of operations
for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024, and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2024. 

Corporate Information 

The Company was initially incorporated as Property
Management Corporation of America on January 23, 2014 in the State of Delaware. 

On June 21, 2017, the Company amended its certificate
of incorporation to effect a 1-for-4 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding common stock, to increase the authorized shares
of common stock to 200,000,000 shares and to change the name of the Company from Property Management Corporation of America 
to FingerMotion, Inc. (the Corporate Actions ). The Corporate Actions and the amended certificate of
incorporation became effective on June 21, 2017. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore 238164, and our telephone number is (347) 349-5339. 

We are a holding company incorporated in Delaware
and not an operating company incorporated in the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China ).
As a holding company, we conduct a significant part of our operations through our subsidiaries and through the VIE Agreements with the
VIE based in China. 

27 

The following diagram depicts our corporate structure: 

Our holding company structure presents unique
risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our subsidiaries or the VIE, and will be dependent upon contributions
from our subsidiaries and the VIE to finance our cash flow needs. Our subsidiaries and the VIE are currently not required to obtain permission
from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), or Cybersecurity Administration
Committee (the CAC ), to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. However, as of March 31, 2023, pursuant
to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures promulgated by the CSRC, we will be required to file with the CSRC with respect to a new offering
of our securities. The business of our subsidiaries and the VIE until now are not subject to cybersecurity review with the CAC, given
that: (i) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important
data by the authorities; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations. In addition, we are
not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided
from us and audited by our auditor and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of,
or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory
actions have had no impact on our daily business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S.
or other foreign exchange. However, since these statements and regulatory actions, including the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, are
new, it is uncertain what potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability
to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

28 

To operate, the VIE and Beijing XunLian TianXia
Technology Co., Ltd. are required to obtain, and have obtained, a value-added telecommunications business licence from PRC authorities.
In connection with our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors, under current PRC laws, regulations and regulatory rules,
as of the date of this periodic report on Form 10-Q, we, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE, (i) are not required to obtain permissions
from the CSRC except that as of March 31, 2023 we will be required to file with the CSRC with respect to a new offering of our securities,
(ii) are not required to go through cybersecurity review by the CAC, and (iii) have received or were not denied such requisite permissions
by any PRC authority. If we, our subsidiaries or the VIE (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently
conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are
required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we may be subject to government enforcement actions, investigations, penalties,
sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC, the CAC and relevant departments of the State Council. In severe circumstances, the business
of our PRC subsidiary may be ordered to suspend and its business qualifications and licenses may be revoked. 

To address challenges resulting from laws, policies
and practices that may disfavor foreign-owned entities that operate within industries deemed sensitive by the Chinese government, we use
the VIE structure to provide contractual exposure to foreign investment in the PRC-based companies. We own 100 of the equity of a WFOE,
Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe Management ), which has entered into the VIE Agreements with the
VIE, which is owned by Ms. Li Li the legal representative and general manager, and also the shareholder of the VIE. The VIE Agreements
have not been tested in court. As a result of our use of the VIE structure, you may never directly hold equity interests in the VIE. Any
securities that we offer will be securities of the Company, the Delaware holding company, not of the VIE. 

We fund
the registered capital and operating expenses of the VIE by extending loans to the shareholders of the VIE. The VIE Agreements governing
the relationship between the VIE and our WFOE enable us to (i) direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s
economic performance, (ii) receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the VIE, and (iii) have an exclusive call option to purchase,
at any time, all or part of the equity interests in and/or assets of the VIE to the extent permitted by Chinese laws. As a result of the
VIE Agreements, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes and is able to consolidate the financial
results of the VIE in its consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a result, investors in our Common
Shares are not purchasing an equity interest in the VIE but instead are purchasing equity interest in FingerMotion, Inc., a Delaware holding
company. 

Share Exchange Agreement 

Effective July 13, 2017, the Company entered into
that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement by and among the Company, Finger Motion Company
Limited, a Hong Kong corporation FMCL and certain shareholders of FMCL (the FMCL Shareholders ).
FMCL, a Hong Kong corporation, was formed on April 6, 2016, and is an information technology company that specializes in operating and
publishing mobile games. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to exchange the outstanding equity stock of FMCL
held by the FMCL Shareholders for shares of common stock of the Company. On the closing date of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company
issued 12,000,000 shares of common stock to the FMCL shareholders. In addition, the Company issued 600,000 shares to consultants in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, and 2,562,500 additional shares to accredited investors, which was
a concurrent financing but not a condition of closing the Share Exchange Agreement. 

As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement and
the other transactions contemplated thereunder, FMCL became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company operates its video game
division through FMCL. However, in June 2018, the Company decided to pause the operation of the game division as it saw the opportunity
in the telecommunication business and have since refocused into this business. 

29 

This description of the Share Exchange Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, which was
filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2017 and incorporated by reference herein. 

VIE Agreements 

On October 16, 2018, the Company, through its
indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe Management ), entered into a
series of agreements known as variable interest agreements (the VIE Agreements pursuant to which Shanghai JiuGe
Information Technology Co., Ltd. JiuGe Technology became our contractually controlled affiliate. The use of VIE
agreements is a common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries in which foreign investment is restricted
or forbidden by the PRC government. The VIE Agreements include a Consulting Services Agreement, a Loan Agreement, a Power of Attorney
Agreement, a Call Option Agreement, and a Share Pledge Agreement in order to secure the connection and commitments of JiuGe Technology.
We operate our mobile payment platform business through JiuGe Technology. 

The VIE Agreements included: 

a consulting services agreement through which JiuGe Management is mainly engaged in data marketing, technical services, technical consulting and business consultancy to JiuGe Technology (the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed among the WFOE and the VIE. Under this agreement, the WFOE will provide the following services to the VIE on an exclusive basis: (i) providing a comprehensive solution for all technical issues required for the VIE s business; (ii) providing training to the professional technicians of the VIE; (iii) assisting the VIE in collecting technical and commercial information and conducting market surveys; (iv) assisting the VIE in procuring business opportunities to obtain contracts awarded by the telecom carries in China and maintaining the commercial relationship with the telecom carries; (v) introducing clients to the VIE and assisting the VIE in developing commercial and cooperative relationship with the clients; (vi) providing suggestions and opinions on establishment and improvement of the VIE s corporate structure, management system and departmental organization; (vii) assisting the VIE in formulating annual business plans, the draft of which shall be made available to WFOE by the VIE prior to the end of November each year; (viii) granting license to the VIE to use WFOE s intellectual property necessary for the services; and (ix) providing other consulting and technical services at the request of the VIE. The VIE will pay to the WFOE service fees equivalent to the after-tax net profits distributable by the VIE to its shareholder each year, as set forth in the audited financial statements in accordance with the PRC accounting standards, ensuring all the distributable profits of the VIE will be dispatched to the WFOE. The VIE may not assign any of its rights and obligations under the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services Agreement without prior written consent of the WFOE. This agreement ensures that the WFOE and investors will be able to legally obtain the profits of the VIE, and transfer them to the WFOE more conveniently in the form of service fee 

a loan agreement through which JiuGe Management grants a loan to the Legal Representative of JiuGe Technology for the purpose of capital contribution (the JiuGe Technology Loan Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed between the WFOE and Ms. Li Li. Under this agreement, the WFOE loaned RMB 10,000,000 to Ms. Li Li, as the sole shareholder of the VIE, solely for the purpose of the capital contribution of the subscribed capital of the VIE. The loan amount has now been increased to RMB50,000,000. The WFOE has the right to convert the whole or any part of the outstanding principal amount into the equity interests in the VIE and may demand repayment of any or all of the principal amount/ As security for performance and discharge of Ms. Li Li s obligations under the JiuGe Technology Loan Agreement, Ms. Li Li pledged 100 equity interests in the VIE, representing the entire registered capital of the VIE, by way of first-ranking security to the WFOE. This agreement could constrain Ms. Li Li to cooperate with WFOE s instructions and avoid damaging the rights and interests of the WFOE and investors; 

a power of attorney agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has vested their collective voting control over JiuGe Technology to JiuGe Management and will only transfer their equity interests in JiuGe Technology to JiuGe Management or its designee(s) (the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement ). The Power of Attorney Agreement was duly issued by Ms. Li Li to the WFOE. Under the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement, the WFOE is the exclusive agent who may exercise, at WFOE s sole discretion, all the rights and powers in respect of all the 100 equity interests held by Ms. Li Li in the VIE on Ms. Li Li s behalf, including without limitation to propose to convene, attend and vote at the shareholder s meeting of the VIE. Ms. Li Li cannot assign her rights and obligations under the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement without prior written consent of the WFOE and the WFOE will bear its own costs, expenses and fees in connection with performance of the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement. This agreement ensures that the WFOE can replace Ms. LI Li in the operation and management of the VIE, and controlling its assets; 

30 

a call option agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has granted to JiuGe Management the irrevocable and unconditional right and option to acquire all of their equity interests in JiuGe Technology or transfer these rights to a third party (the JiuGe Technology Call Option Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed by and among Ms. Li Li, the WFOE and the VIE. Under this agreement, the WFOE has an exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional option to purchase or to designate a third party to purchase 100 equity interests of the VIE at RMB one (1) yuan or the lowest amount of consideration permitted under the laws of PRC at any time, giving the WFOE a sole discretion to exercise such option at any time and in any manner as permitted by the laws of PRC. Pursuant to the JiuGe Technology Call Option Agreement, Ms. Li Li may not, without prior written consent of the WFOE: (i) transfer or dispose of the equity interests in the VIE or the assets of the VIE in any manner; (ii) create any encumbrance of any kind over the equity interests in the VIE, other than the VIE Agreements; and (iii) resolve to or procure the VIE to: (a) change its registered capital; (b) amend its articles of association; (c) change any of its shareholders; (d) appoint, remove or replace its senior management; (e) make or receive investment of any kind or merge or consolidate with any entity; (f) change information filed at the competent authorities in the PRC; (g) make any lending or borrowing or provide security of any kind; (h) pay, make or declare any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution of any kind; (i) incure, create or permit to subsist or have any outstanding financial indebtedness; (j) enter into any agreements that conflict with the JiuGe Technology Call Option Agreement; or (k) do any acts that would adversely impair the VIE s ability to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements. Neither Ms. Li Li nor the VIE may assign any of its rights and obligations under the agreement without the prior written consent of WFOE or unilaterally terminate the agreement. This agreement is one of the guarantees for WFOE and investors to ensure that the VIE will not have any potential equity changes that endanger the rights and interests of WFOE and investors; and 

a share pledge agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has pledged all of their rights, titles and interests in JiuGe Technology to JiuGe Management to guarantee JiuGe Technology s performance of its obligations under the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services Agreement (the JiuGe Technology Share Pledge Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed among Ms. Li Li, the WFOE and the VIE. Under this agreement, all the equity interests of the VIE held by Ms. Li Li were pledged to the WFOE, giving the WFOE a right to exercise the share pledge where Ms. Li Li or the VIE violates the VIE Agreements. This measure under this agreement will result in the equity of the VIE being locked, making it impossible for any third party to legally obtain the equity of the VIE without the prior consent of the WFOE. 

Our PRC counsel has reviewed these agreements
and believes that all the VIE Agreements were duly signed and are not in violation of applicable laws of PRC. We are of the opinion that
the VIE Agreements are valid and giving the WFOE a full control over the VIE in respect of the current and effective PRC laws and regulations.
However, the VIE Agreements have never been challenged or recognized in court for the time being, and the PRC government may determine
that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations compared with direct ownership, there may
be less effective in controlling through the VIE structure. 

In the first half of 2018, JiuGe Technology established
contracts with China Unicom and China Mobile, initiating the provision of mobile data services to businesses and corporations in key provinces/municipalities
including Chengdu, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Zhuhai, Zhejiang, Shaanxi and Inner Mongolia. As with all dynamic markets, the
specifics of our operational contracts have naturally evolved over time but our dedication to these provinces is unwavering, and we consistently
enhance our service and product offerings to ensure optimal service. Additionally, as we continue to grow, there is the potential for
our reach to expand into additional provinces in the PRC. 

31 

In September 2018, JiuGe Technology launched and
commercialized mobile payment and recharge services to businesses for China Unicom. The JiuGe Technology mobile payment and recharge platform
enables the seamless delivery of real-time payment and recharge services to third-party channels and businesses. We earn a negotiated
rebate amount from each of China Unicom and China Mobile for all monies paid by consumers to China Unicom and China Mobile that we process.
To encourage consumers to utilize our portal instead of using our competitors platforms or paying China Unicom or China Mobile
directly, we offer mobile data and talk time at a rate discounted from these companies stated rates, which are also the rates we
must pay to them to purchase the mobile data and talk time provided to consumers through the use of our platform. Accordingly, we earn
income on the rebates we receive from the telecommunications companies, reduced by the amounts by which we discount the mobile data and
talk time sold through our platform. 

In October 2018, China Unicom and China Mobile
awarded JiuGe Technology with contracts that established partnerships for data analysis, that could unlock potential value-added services. 

This description of the VIE Agreements discussed
above do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the terms of the VIE Agreements, which were filed
as exhibits to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2018 and are incorporated by reference herein. The English
translation version of the JiuGe Technology Share Pledge Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Form S-1/A (Amendment No. 1) filed
with the SEC on January 5, 2023, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Acquisition of Beijing Technology 

On March 7, 2019, the Company through JiuGe Technology
acquired Beijing Technology, a company in the business of providing mass SMS text services to businesses looking to communicate with large
numbers of their customers and prospective customers. Through Beijing Technology, the Company entered into the business of mass SMS text
message service as a compliment to its mobile payment and recharge business. The mass SMS text message service offers bulk SMS services
to end consumers with competitive pricing. Currently, the Company s SMS integrated platform is processing more than 150 million
SMS text messages per month. Beijing Technology retains a license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology MIIT to operate SMS and MMS business in the PRC. Similar to the mobile recharge business, Beijing Technology is required to make a deposit
or bulk purchase in advance and has secured business customers that will utilize Beijing Technology s SMS integrated platform to
send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing Technology has the capability to manage and track the entire process, including to assist
the Company s clients to fulfil the government guidelines, until the SMS messages have been delivered successfully. 

China Unicom Cooperation Agreement 

On July 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology entered into
that certain Yunnan Unicom Electronic Sales Platform Construction and Operation Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with China United Network Communications Limited Yunnan Branch China Unicom Yunnan ). Under the Cooperation Agreement,
JiuGe Technology is responsible for constructing and operating China Unicom Yunnan s electronic sales platform through which consumers
can purchase various goods and services from China Unicom Yunnan, including mobile telephones, mobile telephone service, broadband data
services, terminals, smart devices and related financial insurance. The Cooperation Agreement provides that JiuGe Technology
is required to construct and operate the platform s webpage in accordance with China Unicom Yunnan s specifications and policies,
and applicable law, and bear all expenses in connection therewith. As consideration for the services it provides under the Cooperation
Agreement, JiuGe Technology receives a percentage of the revenue received from all sales it processes for China Unicom Yunnan on the platform. 

The Cooperation Agreement expires three years
from the date of its signature, subject to a yearly auto-renewal clause, which is currently in an auto-renewal period, but it may be terminated
by (i) JiuGe Technology upon three months written notice or (ii) by China Unicom Yunnan unilaterally. The Cooperation Agreement
contains customary representations from each party regarding such party s authority to enter into and perform under the Cooperation
Agreement, and provides customary events of default, including for various types of failure to perform. Any disputes arising between the
parties under the Cooperation Agreement will be adjudicated in Chinese courts. 

32 

This description of the Cooperation Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, which was filed
as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2019 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

In January 2022, Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu Information
Communication Technology Co., Ltd. TengLian (a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co.,
Ltd.) signed a co-operation agreement with China Unicom to launch the Device Protection program for mobile phones and the new 5G phones. 

Intercorporate Relationships 

The following is a list of all of our subsidiaries
and the corresponding date of jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and the ownership interest of each entity. All of our subsidiaries
are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by us: 

Name of Entity 
 
 Place of Incorporation / 
Formation 
 
 Ownership Interest 
 
 Finger Motion Company Limited (1) 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited (2) 
 
 Samoa 
 
 100 
 
 Finger Motion (CN) Limited (3) 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. (4) 
 
 PRC 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (5) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually controlled (5) 
 
 Beijing XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. (6) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually controlled 
 
 Finger Motion Financial Group Limited (7) 
 
 Samoa 
 
 100 
 
 Finger Motion Financial Company Limited (8) 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (9) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually controlled 
 
 Shanghai KeShunXiang Automobile Service Co., Ltd. (10) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually controlled 

Notes : 

(1) 
 Finger Motion Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(2) 
 Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(3) 
 Finger Motion (CN) Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited. 

(4) 
 Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Limited. 

(5) 
 Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. is a variable interest entity that is contractually controlled by Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. 

(6) 
 Beijing XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

(7) 
 Finger Motion Financial Group Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(8) 
 Finger Motion Financial Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion Financial Group Limited. 

(9) 
 Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

(10) 
 Shanghai KeShunXiang Automobile Service Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

Because we do not directly hold equity interests
in the VIE, we are subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications of Chinese laws and regulations, including
but not limited to, the validity and enforcement of the VIE Agreements among the WFOE, the VIE and the shareholder of the VIE. We are
also subject to the risks and uncertainties about any future actions of the Chinese government in this regard that could disallow the
VIE structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and may cause the value of our Common Shares to depreciate
significantly or become worthless. 

The VIE Agreements may not be as effective as
direct ownership in providing operational control. For instance, the VIE and its shareholders could breach their contractual arrangements
with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations in an acceptable manner or taking other actions that are detrimental
to our interests. The shareholder of the VIE may not act in the best interests of our Company or may not perform their obligations under
the VIE Agreements. Such risks exist throughout the period in which we intend to operate certain portions of our business through the
VIE Agreements with the VIE. In the event that the VIE or its shareholder fail to perform their respective obligations under the VIE Agreements,
we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. In addition, even if legal actions
are taken to enforce the VIE Agreements, there is uncertainty as to whether Chinese courts would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S.
courts against us or such persons predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state.
See Risk Factors Risks Related to the VIE Agreements . We rely on the VIE Agreements with the VIE and its shareholder
for a significant portion of our business operations. The VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational
control. Any failure by the VIE or its shareholder to perform their obligations under such contractual arrangements would have a material
and adverse effect on our business. 

33 

As of the date of this periodic report on Form
10-Q, we and the VIE are not required to seek permissions from the CSRC, the CAC, or any other entity that is required to approve of the
operations of the VIE, other than a value-added telecommunications business licence, which has already been obtained. Nevertheless, Chinese
regulatory authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implement rules that require us, our subsidiaries or the VIEs
to obtain permissions from such regulatory authorities to approve the operations of the VIE or any securities listing. 

Overview 

The Company is a mobile data specialist company
incorporated in Delaware, USA, with its head office located at 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore 238164. The Company operates the
following lines of business: (i) Telecommunications Products and Services; (ii) Value Added Products and Services (iii) Short Message
Services SMS and Multimedia Messaging Services MMS (iv) a Rich Communication Services RCS platform; (v) Big Data Insights; and (vi) a Video Games Division (inactive). 

Telecommunications Products and Services 

The Company s current product mix consisting
of payment and recharge services, data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, loyalty points redemption and other products bundles
(i.e. mobile protection plans). Chinese mobile phone consumers often utilize third-party e-marketing websites to pay their phone bills.
If the consumer connected directly to the telecommunications provider to pay his or her bill, the consumer would miss out on any benefits
or marketing discounts that e-marketers provide. Thus, consumers log on to these e-marketer s websites, click into their respective
phone provider s store, and top up, or pay, their telecommunications provider for additional mobile data and talk
time. 

To connect to the respective mobile telecommunications
providers, these e-marketers must utilize a portal licensed by the applicable telecommunication company that processes the payment. We
have been granted one of these licenses by China United Network Communications Group Co., Ltd. China Unicom and
China Mobile Communications Corporation China Mobile ), each of which is a major telecommunications provider in China.
We principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of China Unicom and China Mobile. 

We conduct our mobile payment business through
JiuGe Technology, our contractually controlled affiliate through the entry into the VIE Agreements in October 2018. In the first half
of 2018, JiuGe Technology secured contracts with China Unicom and China Mobile to distribute mobile data for businesses and corporations
in nine provinces/municipalities, namely Chengdu, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Zhuhai, Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia, Henan
and Fujian. In September 2018, JiuGe Technology launched and commercialized mobile payment and recharge services to businesses for China
Unicom. In May 2021, JiuGe Technology signed a volume-based agreement with China Mobile Fujian to offer recharge services to the Fujian
province which we have launched and commercialized in November 2021. 

The JiuGe Technology mobile payment and recharge
platform enables the seamless delivery of real-time payment and recharge services to third-party channels and businesses. We earn a rebate
from each telecommunications company on the funds paid by consumers to the telecommunications companies we process. To encourage consumers
to utilize our portal instead of using our competitors platforms or paying China Unicom or China Mobile directly, we offer mobile
data and talk time at a rate discounted from these companies stated rates, which are also the rates we must pay to them to purchase
the mobile data and talk time provided to consumers through the use of our platform. Accordingly, we earn income on the rebates we receive
from China Unicom and China Mobile, reduced by the amounts by which we discount the mobile data and talk time sold through our platform. 

34 

FingerMotion started and commercialized its Business
to Business B2B model by integrating with various e-commerce platforms to provide its mobile payment and
recharge services to subscribers or end consumers. In the first quarter of 2019 FingerMotion expanded its business by commercializing
its first Business to Consumer B2C model, offering the telecommunication providers products
and services, including data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, and loyalty points redemption, directly to subscribers or customers
of the e-commerce companies, such as PinDuoDuo PDD ), TMall TMALL and JD.Com. The Company
is planning to further expand its universal exchange platform by setting up B2C stores on several other major e-commerce platforms in
China. In addition to that, we have been assigned as one of China s Mobile s loyalty redemption partner where we will be providing
the services for their customers via our platform. 

Additionally, as previously disclosed, on July
7, 2019, JiuGe Technology, our contractually controlled affiliate, entered into that certain Cooperation Agreement with China Unicom Yunnan,
whereby JiuGe Technology is responsible for constructing and operating China Unicom s electronic sales platform through which consumers
can purchase various goods and services from China Unicom, including mobile telephones, mobile telephone service, broadband data services,
terminals, smart devices and related financial insurance. The Cooperation Agreement provides that JiuGe Technology is required
to construct and operate the platform s webpage in accordance with China Unicom s specifications and policies, and applicable
law, and bear all expenses in connection therewith. As consideration for the service JiuGe Technology provides under the Cooperation Agreement,
it receives a percentage of the revenue received from all sales it processes for China Unicom on the platform. The Cooperation Agreement
expires three years from the date of its signature with a yearly auto-renewal clause, which is currently in an auto-renewal period, but
it may be terminated by (i) JiuGe Technology upon three months written notice or (ii) by China Unicom unilaterally. 

During the recent fiscal year, the Company expanded
its offering under their telecommunication product and services by increasing their product line revenue streams. In March 2020, FingerMotion
secured a contract with both China Mobile and China Unicom to acquire new users to take up the respective subscription plans. 

In February 2021, we increased the mobile phones
sales to end users using all of our platforms. This business will continue to contribute to the overall revenue for the group as part
of our offering to our customers. 

Value Added Product and Services 

These are new product and services that the Company
expects to secure and work with the telecommunication provider and all our e-commerce platform partners to market. In February 2022, our
contractually controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology, through its 99 own subsidiary TengLian signed an agreement with both China Unicom
and China Mobile to co-operate to roll out the Mobile Device Protection product which is incorporated into the Telecommunication subscription
plans in line with their roll out of new mobile phones and new 5G phones. In mid-July 2022, we launched the roll out of the Mobile Device
protection product with the roll out of the new mobile phones and 5G phones. Complementing our hardware protection services, we have introduced
cloud services designed to offer corporate customers robust data storage, processing capabilities, and databases accessible via the internet. 

SMS and MMS Services 

On March 7, 2019, the Company through JiuGe Technology
acquired Beijing Technology Co, a company in the business of providing mass SMS text services to businesses looking to communicate with
large numbers of their customers and prospective customers. With this acquisition, the Company expanded into a second partnership with
the telecom companies by acquiring bulk SMS and MMS bundles at reduced prices and offering bulk SMS services to end consumers with competitive
pricing. Beijing Technology retains a license from MIIT to operate the SMS and MMS business in the PRC. Similar to the mobile payment
and recharge business, Beijing Technology is required to make a deposit or bulk purchase in advance and has secured business customers,
including premium car manufacturers, hotel chains, airlines and e-commerce companies, that utilize Beijing Technology s SMS integrated
platform to send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing Technology has the capability to manage and track the entire process, including
guiding the Company s customer to meet MIIT s guidelines on messages composed, until the SMS messages have been delivered
successfully. 

35 

Rich Communication Services 

In March 2020, the Company began the development
of an RCS platform, also known as Messaging as a Platform MaaP ). This RCS platform will be a proprietary business
messaging platform that enables businesses and brands to communicate and service their customers on the 5G infrastructure, delivering
a better and more efficient user experience at a lower cost. For example, with the new 5G RCS message service, consumers will have the
ability to list available flights by sending a message regarding a holiday and will also be able to book and buy flights by sending messages.
This will allow telecommunication providers like China Unicom and China Mobile to retain users on their systems without having to utilize
third-party apps or log onto the Internet, which will increase their user retention. We expect this to open up a new marketing channel
for the Company s current and prospective business partners. Currently, the deployment of this RCS platform is under review, with
discussion ongoing among government bodies, major service providers, and telecommunication companies. These deliberations aim to assess
the potential market impacts and establish the necessary consents before the launch, considering the significant changes the platform
may introduce to user interactions with existing services. These discussions seek to ensure that all stakeholders concerns are
addressed comprehensively. Once these issues are resolved and the necessary approval is obtained, we anticipate a substantial enhancement
in our service offerings and an expansion of our market reach. 

Big Data Insights 

In July 2020, the Company launched its proprietary
technology platform Sapientus as its big data insights arm to deliver data-driven solutions and insights for businesses
within the insurance, healthcare, and financial services industries. The Company applies its vast experience in the insurance and financial
services industry and capabilities in technology and data analytics to develop revolutionary solutions targeted towards insurance and
financial consumers. Integrating diverse publicly available information, insurance and financial based data with technology and finally
registering them into the FingerMotion telecommunications and insurance ecosystem, the Company would be able to provide functional insights
and facilitate the transformation of key components of the insurance value chain, including driving more effective and efficient underwriting,
enabling fraud evaluation and management, empowering channel expansion and market penetration through novel product innovation, and more.
The ultimate objective is to promote, enhance and deliver better value to our partners and customers. 

The Company s proprietary risk assessment
engine offers standard and customized scoring and appraisal services based on multi-dimensional factors. The Company has the ability to
provide potential customers and partners with insights-driven and technology-enabled solutions and applications including preferred risk
selection, precision marketing, product customization, and claims management (e.g., fraud detection). The Company s mission is to
deliver the next generation of data-driven solutions in the financial services, healthcare, and insurance industries that result in more
accurate risk assessments, more efficient processes, and a more delightful user experience. 

On or around January 25, 2021, the Company s
wholly owned subsidiary, Finger Motion Financial Company Limited s, big data analytic arm branded Sapientus, entered
into a services agreement with Pacific Life Re, a global life reinsurer serving the insurance industry with a comprehensive suite of products
and services. 

In December 2021, the Company through JiuGe Technology
formed a collaborative research alliance with Munich Re in extending behavioral analytics to enhance understanding of morbidity and behavioral
patterns in China market, with the goal of creating value for both insurers and the end insurance consumers through better technology,
product offerings and customer experience. 

Our Video Game Division 

The video game industry covers multiple sectors
and is currently experiencing a move away from physical games towards digital software. Advances in technology and streaming now allow
users to download games rather than visiting retailers. Video game publishers are expanding their direct-to-consumer channels with mobile
gaming, the current growth leader, and eSports and virtual reality gaining momentum as the Company s Board of Directors decided
to re-focus the Company s resources into new business opportunities in China, particularly the mobile phone payment and data business. 

36 

Recent Developments 

On July 9, 2024, our
contractual controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology, embarked on the development of crisis and emergency response solutions. These solutions
are designed to facilitate collaboration with dispatchers, first responders, and healthcare agencies during emergency situations in China.
JiuGe Technology has received its first order for its Advance Mobile Integrated Command and Communication Platform C2 Platform ),
to be installed in all vehicles and apparatuses involved in the country s civil emergency crisis program. 

On August 19, 2024, we
announced that JiuGe Technology s Advance Mobile Integrated C2 Platform, to be integrated into Maxus vehicles produced by SAIC Motor
Corporation Limited, has officially received national certification from China s MIIT. This marks the first certification of its
kind, aimed to expedite the deployment of the emergency response vehicles across China. This certification validates the platform s
quality, reliability, and advanced technological features, enabling us to commence the assembly and rollout of vehicles equipped with
our platform and technology. 

On September 10, 2024,
we appointed CT International LLP as our new independent registered public accounting firm, succeeding our previous auditors, Centurion
ZD CPA Co. 

Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Compared to the Three Months
Ended August 31, 2023 

The following table sets forth our results of
operations for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 8,458,763 
 9,279,166 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (8,157,735 
 (7,437,632 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (1,992,194 
 (2,041,838 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 615 
 65,652 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 
 (1,688,229 
 (134,081 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 240,216 
 (937,542 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 
 (1,448,196 
 (1,071,427 
 
 Basic Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 
 (0.03 
 0.00 
 
 Diluted Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 
 (0.03 
 0.00 

Revenue 

The following table sets forth the Company s revenue from its
three lines of business for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 Change ) 
 
 Telecommunication Products Services 
 8,426,263 
 9,194,228 
 -8 
 
 SMS MMS Business 
 3,770 
 8,192 
 -54 
 
 Command Communication 
 28,730 
 
 100 
 
 Big Data 
 
 76,746 
 -100 
 
 Total Revenue 
 8,458,763 
 9,279,166 
 -9 

We recorded 8,458,763 in revenue for the three
months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 820,403 or 9 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. This decrease resulted
from an increase in revenue of 28,730 from our Command Communication, offset by decreases in revenue of 767,965, 4,422 and 76,746
from our Telecommunication Products Services, SMS MMS business and Big Data businesses, respectively. We principally earn
revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of telecommunications companies in China. Specifically, we earn
a negotiated rebate amount from the telecommunications companies for all monies paid by consumers to those companies that we process.
For the three months ended August 31, 2024, revenue contribution came mainly from the Telecommunication Products Services segment.
In shifting focus to our Big Data business since FY2021, we forged an alliance and collaborative partnerships with two key reinsurance
companies, Pacific Life Re and Munich Re, which enabled us to develop a holistic multi-faceted risk rating concept, leveraging the Company s
proprietary approach to analytics by drawing data from novel sources and filtering them through advance algorithms with the ultimate goal
of applying new insights generated from our predictive model to the traditional insurance industry and extending behavioral analytics
to enhance understanding of morbidity and behavioral patterns in the Chinese market. Our goal is to create value for both insurers and
end consumers by driving technological advancements, improving product offerings, and enhancing customer experiences. After successfully
executing joint initiatives with Munich Re, we are now actively working on promoting our data capabilities to customers. 

37 

Cost of Revenue 

The following table sets forth the Company s cost of revenue
for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Telecommunication Products Services 
 8,126,185 
 7,429,975 
 
 SMS MMS Business 
 3,549 
 7,657 
 
 Command Communication 
 28,001 

Big Data 

Total Cost of Revenue 
 8,157,735 
 7,437,632 

We recorded 8,157,735 in costs of revenue for
the three months ended August 31, 2024, an increase of 720,103 or 10 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. As previously
mentioned, we principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of telecommunications companies,
subscription plans and mobile phone sales in China. To earn this revenue, we incur cost of the product, certain customer acquisition costs,
including discounts to our customers and promotional expenses, which is reflected in our cost of revenue. 

Gross profit 

Our gross profit for the three months ended August
31, 2024 was 301,028, a decrease of 1,540,506 or 84 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. The significant decrease in
gross profit was primarily due to the higher margins realized from the Cloud business segment under the Telecommunication Product 
Services during the prior period. In contrast, the current period s product mix resulted in a lower gross profit generated from
recharge services revenue. 

Amortization Depreciation 

We recorded depreciation of 11,740 for fixed
assets for the three months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 5,931 or 34 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. 

General Administrative Expenses 

The following table sets forth the Company s
general and administrative expenses for the periods indicated: 

38 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Accounting 
 35,629 
 37,213 
 
 Consulting 
 361,628 
 448,853 
 
 Entertainment 
 59,777 
 76,673 
 
 IT 
 22,013 
 15,283 
 
 Rent 
 33,744 
 35,150 
 
 Salaries Wages 
 616,947 
 478,293 
 
 Technical Fee 
 34,895 
 34,976 
 
 Travelling 
 81,619 
 63,192 
 
 Others 
 301,784 
 444,723 
 
 Total G A Expenses 
 1,548,036 
 1,634,356 

We recorded 1,548,036 in general and administrative
expenses for the three months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 86,320 or 5 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023.
The expenses encompass a range of costs integral to the Company s ongoing operational and administrative requirements; which include,
but are not limited to, regulatory filings, professional services fees, ongoing funding activities, and other costs associated with adhering
to both domestic and international operational standards and requirements. 

Marketing Cost 

The following table sets forth the Company s
marketing cost for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Marketing Cost 
 71,582 
 58,437 

We recorded 71,582 in marketing cost for the
three months ended August 31, 2024, being an increase of 13,145 or 22 , compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. The majority
of these marketing costs were incurred in promoting our newly launched Da Ge App platform. 

Research Development 

The following table sets forth the Company s
research development for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Research Development 
 180,273 
 176,956 

We incurred fees of 180,273 in research 
development for the three months ended August 31, 2024 as compared to 176,956 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The increase
of 3,317 or 2 was due to the data access and usage fee charged by telecommunications companies. 

Our Insurtech division focuses on consumer behavioral
insights extraction for the purpose of risk assessment. Insights are mined from a multitude of data sources, harmonized with the objectives
of our various business partners. The initial phase of business application is to focus on the insurance industry, particularly in the
area of underwriting risk rating, complementary claims adjudication and assessment, and risk segmentation market penetration. 

This division comprises of experienced actuaries,
data scientists, and computer programmers. 

The expenses for research development include
associated wages and salaries, data access fees and IT infrastructure. 

Over the course of 2023, Sapientus has made great
strides on several fronts: market implementation, analytical advancement, and network engagement. These developments proceed in parallel
with continued efforts to enrich our portfolio line-up towards fulfilling our commercialization potential and value creation objectives: 

39 

Deployment of an analytic engine
within the leading reinsurer s risk assessment and selection system. 

- 
 Our rating models have been onboarded onto our partner s innovative digital solutions platform as an embedded component of their underwriting engine. Through this pilot adoption, we brought forward both integrative as well as complementary value through injecting new data-driven insights and risk-scoring capabilities into our partner s system. We believe this arrangement strategically positions Sapientus for further market recognition and partnership opportunities. 

- 
 Currently, our rating models are being used by more than 20 major insurance companies, with increasing reach in terms of user base and business coverage as our reinsurer partner continues to actively engage more insurance clients and apply our model results across wider spectrums of product lines including medical and Critical Illness (CI) portfolios. 

Model enhancement through calibration against empirical data - We have deepened our analytic capabilities in generating risk insights and behavioral understanding through sharpening our proprietary modelling tools with empirical insurance claims data, in conjunction with our partner s medical as well as non-medical underwriting guidelines. The elevated intelligence of our system could empower our partners with a greater latitude of risk and value segmentation abilities critical for successful portfolio management. 

Strengthening of existing partnerships and broadening into new engagements -We continue to leverage our vast analytical assets and reinvent our capabilities to better serve existing partners as well as recruit new collaboration parties. As part of our new business and partner acquisition strategy, we have been actively developing and promoting new value propositions, such as offering proprietary analytic tools and insights that facilitate more effective sales profiling and creative product innovations, capturing a wider commercial audience. 

Official patent recognition Over the past four years, Sapientus has been granted eight patents by the National Copyright Administration of China (NCAC) for the abovementioned model algorithms and technological infrastructure as well as insurance-oriented applications, for example, Risk Rating API Design, and Insurance Risk Assessment platform and Insurance Fraud Detection System. NCAC is the governing body for patent and copyright verification and approval in China. The Company s successful applications for these patents validate Sapientus continuing innovation in data science and its application in the field of insurance, finance, and beyond, demonstrating the Company s active participation and contributions to the industry. 

It is important to emphasize that our allocation
to research and development is foundational to our technology-oriented operations. Our steadfast dedication to innovation remains undiminished,
and we expect to persistently advance in our developmental endeavors to reinforce our technological edge. 

Share Compensation Expenses 

The following table sets forth the Company s
share compensation expenses for the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Share compensation expenses 
 180,563 
 154,418 

We incurred fees of 180,563 in share issuance
for consultants in consideration of the services which have been provided to the Company for the three months ended August 31, 2024, as
compared to 154,418 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The increase of 26,145 or 17 was due to the engagement of consultants
to the Company that were compensated with shares of our common stock. The rationale for compensating these consultants and advisors with
shares is to minimize the usage of cash by the Company to allow the Company to use the cash to invest in revenue-generating activities. 

40 

Operating Expenses 

We recorded 1,992,194 in operating expenses for
the three months ended August 31, 2024, as compared to 2,041,838 in operating expenses for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The
decrease of 49,644 or 2 , for the three months ended August 31, 2024, is as set forth above. 

Net loss attributable to the Company s
shareholders 

The net loss attributable to the Company s
shareholders was 1,688,229 for the three months ended August 31, 2024, and 134,081 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The increase
in net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders of 1,554,148 or 1,159 resulted primarily from the reduced revenue and gross
profit as discussed above. 

Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 Compared to the Six Months
Ended August 31, 2023 

The following table sets forth our results of
operations for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 16,832,746 
 21,448,257 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (15,849,829 
 (18,944,174 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (4,350,172 
 (3,883,889 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 20,872 
 (19,108 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 
 (3,344,133 
 (1,399,552 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 175,217 
 (523,734 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 
 (3,168,033 
 (1,923,042 
 
 Basic Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 
 (0.06 
 (0.03 
 
 Diluted Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 
 (0.06 
 (0.03 

Revenue 

The following table sets forth the Company s revenue from its
three lines of business for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 Change ) 
 
 Telecommunication Products Services 
 8,636,452 
 21,205,492 
 -59 
 
 SMS MMS Business 
 8,167,564 
 16,313 
 49,968 
 
 Command Communication 
 28,730 
 
 100 
 
 Big Data 
 
 226,452 
 -100 
 
 Total Revenue 
 16,832,746 
 21,448,257 
 -22 

We recorded 16,832,746 in revenue for the six
months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 4,615,511 or 22 , compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023. This decrease resulted
from increases in revenue of 8,151,251 and 28,730 from our SMS MMS and Command Communication businesses, respectively, offset
by decreases in revenue of 12,569,040 and 226,452 from our Telecommunication Products Services and Big Data businesses, respectively.
We principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of telecommunications companies in China. Specifically,
we earn a negotiated rebate amount from the telecommunications companies for all monies paid by consumers to those companies that we process.
For the three months ended August 31, 2024, our SMS MMS business saw a significant revenue increase compensating for a shortfall
from the recharge services. The Company is constantly reallocating its resources when needed, reflecting our focus on optimizing our business
portfolio by prioritizing higher-margin segments, which during the six months ended August 31, 2024, resulted in a corresponding decrease
in revenue from our Telecommunication Products Services. However, this shift could not compensate for the higher revenue generated
from recharge services in the previous six months ended August 31, 2023. In shifting focus to our Big Data business, since FY2021, we
forged an alliance and collaborative partnerships with two key reinsurance companies, Pacific Life Re and Munich Re, which enabled us
to develop a holistic multi-faceted risk rating concept, leveraging the Company s proprietary approach to analytics by drawing data
from novel sources and filtering them through advance algorithms with the ultimate goal to apply new insights generated from our predictive
model to the traditional insurance industry and extending behavioral analytics to enhance understanding of morbidity and behavioral patterns
in the Chinese market. Our goal is to create value for both insurers and end consumers by driving technological advancements, improving
product offerings, and enhancing customer experiences. After successfully executing joint initiatives with Munich Re, we are now actively
working on promoting our data capabilities to customers. 

41 

Cost of Revenue 

The following table sets forth the Company s cost of revenue
for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Telecommunication Products Services 
 8,172,029 
 18,929,441 
 
 SMS MMS Business 
 7,649,799 
 14,733 
 
 Command Communication 
 28,001 

Big Data 

Total Cost of Revenue 
 15,849,829 
 18,944,174 

We recorded 15,849,829 in costs of revenue for
the six months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 3,094,345 or 16 , compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023. As previously
mentioned, we principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of telecommunications companies,
subscription plans and mobile phone sales in China. To earn this revenue, we incur cost of the product, certain customer acquisition costs,
including discounts to our customers and promotional expenses, which is reflected in our cost of revenue. 

Gross profit 

Our gross profit for the six months ended August
31, 2024 was 982,917, a decrease of 1,521,166 or 61 , compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023. The significant decline in gross
profit was primarily due to the higher margin product mix in the Telecommunication Product Services segment during the prior period,
particularly from our cloud business. In contrast, there were no contributions from the cloud business during the current six months,
which typically generates higher margin. 

Amortization Depreciation 

We recorded depreciation of 23,754 for fixed
assets for the six months ended August 31, 2024, a decrease of 12,259 or 34 , compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023. 

General Administrative Expenses 

The following table sets forth the Company s
general and administrative expenses for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Accounting 
 59,257 
 70,299 
 
 Consulting 
 786,066 
 844,886 
 
 Entertainment 
 127,600 
 149,912 
 
 IT 
 33,751 
 59,170 
 
 Rent 
 66,940 
 73,592 
 
 Salaries Wages 
 1,233,589 
 967,999 
 
 Technical Fee 
 95,241 
 72,594 
 
 Travelling 
 163,457 
 110,553 
 
 Others 
 863,912 
 647,341 
 
 Total G A Expenses 
 3,429,813 
 2,996,346 

42 

We recorded 3,429,813 in general and administrative
expenses for the six months ended August 31, 2024, an increase of 433,467 or 14 , compared to six months ended August 31, 2023. The increase
encompasses a range of costs integral to the Company s ongoing operational and administrative requirements. The expenses include,
but are not limited to, regulatory filings, professional services fees, ongoing funding activities, and other costs associated with adhering
to both domestic and international operational standards and requirements. 

Marketing Cost 

The following table sets forth the Company s
marketing cost for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Marketing Cost 
 134,106 
 51,596 

We recorded 134,106 in marketing cost for the
six months ended August 31, 2024, being an increase of 82,510 or 160 , compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023. The majority
of these marketing costs were incurred in promoting our newly launched Da Ge App platform. 

Research Development 

The following table sets forth the Company s
research development for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Research Development 
 359,266 
 349,055 

We incurred fees of 359,266 in research 
development for the six months ended August 31, 2024, as compared to 349,055 for the six months ended August 31, 2023. The increase of
 10,211 or 3 was due to the data access and usage fee charged by telecommunications companies. 

Our Insurtech division focuses on consumer behavioral
insights extraction for the purpose of risk assessment. Insights are mined from a multitude of data sources, harmonized with the objectives
of our various business partners. The initial phase of business application is to focus on the insurance industry, particularly in the
area of underwriting risk rating, complementary claims adjudication and assessment, and risk segmentation market penetration. 

This division comprises of experienced actuaries,
data scientists, and computer programmers. 

The expenses for research development include
associated wages and salaries, data access fees and IT infrastructure. 

Over the course of 2023, Sapientus has made great
strides on several fronts: market implementation, analytical advancement, and network engagement. These developments proceed in parallel
with continued efforts to enrich our portfolio line-up towards fulfilling our commercialization potential and value creation objectives: 

Deployment of an analytic engine
within the leading reinsurer s risk assessment and selection system. 

- Our rating models have been onboarded
onto our partner s innovative digital solutions platform as an embedded component of their underwriting engine. Through this pilot
adoption, we brought forward both integrative as well as complementary value through injecting new data-driven insights and risk-scoring
capabilities into our partner s system. We believe this arrangement strategically positions Sapientus for further market recognition
and partnership opportunities. 

- 
 Currently, our rating models are being used by more than 20 major insurance companies, with increasing reach in terms of user base and business coverage as our reinsurer partner continues to actively engage more insurance clients and apply our model results across wider spectrums of product lines including medical and Critical Illness (CI) portfolios. 

43 

Model enhancement through calibration against empirical data - We have deepened our analytic capabilities in generating risk insights and behavioral understanding through sharpening our proprietary modelling tools with empirical insurance claims data, in conjunction with our partner s medical as well as non-medical underwriting guidelines. The elevated intelligence of our system could empower our partners with a greater latitude of risk and value segmentation abilities critical for successful portfolio management. 

Strengthening of existing partnerships and broadening into new engagements -We continue to leverage our vast analytical assets and reinvent our capabilities to better serve existing partners as well as recruit new collaboration parties. As part of our new business and partner acquisition strategy, we have been actively developing and promoting new value propositions, such as offering proprietary analytic tools and insights that facilitate more effective sales profiling and creative product innovations, capturing a wider commercial audience. 

Official patent recognition Over the past four years, Sapientus has been granted eight patents by the National Copyright Administration of China (NCAC) for the abovementioned model algorithms and technological infrastructure as well as insurance-oriented applications, for example, Risk Rating API Design, and Insurance Risk Assessment platform and Insurance Fraud Detection System. NCAC is the governing body for patent and copyright verification and approval in China. The Company s successful applications for these patents validate Sapientus continuing innovation in data science and its application in the field of insurance, finance, and beyond, demonstrating the Company s active participation and contributions to the industry. 

It is important to emphasize that our allocation
to research and development is foundational to our technology-oriented operations. Our steadfast dedication to innovation remains undiminished,
and we expect to persistently advance in our developmental endeavors to reinforce our technological edge. 

Share Compensation Expenses 

The following table sets forth the Company s
share compensation expenses for the periods indicated: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Share compensation expenses 
 403,233 
 450,879 

We incurred fees of 403,233 in share issuance
for consultants in consideration of the services which have been provided to the company for the six months ended August 31, 2024, as
compared to 450,879 for the six months ended August 31, 2023. The decrease of 47,646 or 11 was due to the reduced engagement of consultants
to the Company that were compensated with shares of our common stock. The rationale for rewarding these consultants and advisors with
shares is to minimize the usage of cash by the Company to allow the Company to use the cash to invest in revenue-generating activities. 

Operating Expenses 

We recorded 4,350,172 in operating expenses for
the six months ended August 31, 2024, as compared to 3,883,889 in operating expenses for the six months ended August 31, 2023. The increase
of 466,283 or 12 , for the six months ended August 31, 2024, is as set forth above. 

Net Loss attributable to the Company s
shareholders 

The net loss attributable to the Company s
shareholders was 3,344,133 for the six months ended August 31, 2024, and 1,399,552 for the six months ended August 31, 2023. The increase
in net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders of 1,944,581 or 139 resulted primarily from the reduced revenue and gross
profit as discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table sets out our cash and working
capital as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024: 

44 

As at August 31, 2024 
 As at February 29, 2024 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 810,284 
 1,517,232 
 
 Working capital 
 9,708,861 
 11,971,003 

At August 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 810,284, as compared to cash and cash equivalents of 1,517,232 at February 29, 2024. Our mobile payment business model necessitates
periodic fund deposits with our telecommunication companies to obtain access to the mobile data and talk time we make available to consumers
on our portal. Additionally, our expansion into the cloud-based business, which features a longer collection cycle, has led to an increase
in accounts receivable and consequently, a greater strain on our liquidity. To manage these operational demands effectively, we have had
to carefully monitor and manage our cash flows. We believe that our cash on hand and cash equivalents, along with our revenues from operations,
will fund our core operations and repay our outstanding indebtedness for at least the next 12 months. However, we anticipate the need
for additional capital to support the rollout of our Command Communication business as well for more continued growth, increasing
our deposits with telecommunication entities will be crucial. To support all these, we intend to continue to seek additional capital through
public or private sales of our equity or debt securities, or both. We may also explore entering into financing arrangements with commercial
banks or non-traditional lenders. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise additional funding from
the sale of our equity or debt securities, or both, in order to support the rollout of our Command Communication business and increase
our deposits with our telecommunications company clients, or if available, that such funding will be on terms acceptable to us. 

We did, however, as of August 31, 2024, receive
 1,605,000 in subscription proceeds to purchase 1,070,000 shares of our common stock at 1.50 per share on a private placement basis.
When we issue the shares pursuant to the subscription agreements, we intend to rely upon the exemption from the registration requirements
of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated
under the U.S. Securities Act. 

Statement of Cashflows 

The following table provides a summary of cash
flows for the periods presented: 

For the six months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,904,172 
 (4,874,162 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,741 
 (372 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 2,629,688 
 (295,333 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash cash equivalents 
 (430,723 
 (27,095 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (706,948 
 (5,196,962 

Cash Flow used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities decreased
by 1,969,990 in the six months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the six months ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in
account receivable of 12,209,223) (August 31, 2023: 7,292,931)) and increase in prepayment and deposit of 22,226) (August 31, 2023:
 329,727); offset by decrease in other receivable of 527,972 (August 31, 2023: 2,067,397)), increase in accounts payable of 10,002,702
(August 31, 2023: 5,327,561), increase in accrual and other payable of 1,369,869 (August 31, 2023: 434,852)) and increase in lease
liability of 11,448 (August 31, 2023: 2,673)). 

45 

Cash Flow used in Investing Activities 

During the six months ended August 31, 2024, net
cash used in investing activities increased by 1,369 compared to 372 in the six months ended August 31, 2023. 

Cash Flow provided by Financing Activities 

During the six months ended August 31, 2024, net
cash provided by financing activities was 2,629,688 compared to net cash used by financing activities during the six months ended August
31, 2023 of 295,333. The increase was due to the receipt of subscription proceeds to purchase 1,070,000 shares of our common stock at
 1.50 per share on a private placement basis and short-term loan facility of SGD 1,370,000. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Subsequent Events 

On September 4, 2024, the remaining SGD 500,000
of the SGD 1,500,000 Loan has been fully drawn upon by our wholly owned subsidiary, Finger Motion Company Limited. 

On October 11, 2024, we issued 1,095,000 shares
of common stock to 15 individuals due to the closing of our private placement at 1.50 per share for gross proceeds of 1,642,500. In
connection with the closing of the private placement, we paid cash finder s fees of an aggregate of 158,000 to three individuals. 

Other than the above, we have determined that
we do not have any material subsequent events to report. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

For a complete summary of all our significant
accounting policies refer to Note 2 - Summary of Principal Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as
presented under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended February
29, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024. 

Refer to Critical Accounting Policies 
under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for our fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not believe recently issued but
not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, statements
of operations and cash flows. 

46 

ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule
12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based on such evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of August 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that due to the existence of material
weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, as discussed in more detail below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of August 31, 2024. Management has continued to monitor the implementation of the remediation plan described below. 

Management s quarterly report on internal
control over financial reporting 

Management of FingerMotion, Inc. is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting ICFR is designed under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer, acting in the capacity of principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, acting in the
capacity of principal financial officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The Company s ICFR includes those policies and procedures that: (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, including our principal financial
officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024 in accordance
with the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). 

47 

Based on this assessment,
Management concluded that certain aspects of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, were not effective. 

A material weakness,
as defined in standards established pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal controls
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement for our annual or interim consolidated
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The ineffectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weakness, which also existed as of February 29, 2024: 

We have limited segregation of duties and oversight of work performed as well as lack of compensating controls in the Company s finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel. As a result, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. Furthermore, we cannot provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with management and director authorization. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weaknesses: 

Management has taken
significant steps towards remediation of these material weaknesses in 2023 and has been implementing and continues to implement measures
designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed,
implemented, validated, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: 

Management has documented a complete set of controls incorporating segregation of duties, separate individuals performing and reviewing controls, and proper authorization and segregation of duties around payments and expenditures in 2023. Management has implemented most of these controls in calendar year 2023 and will complete implementation in calendar year 2024. 

Management has implemented corporate governance policies and charters that will further align the Company s governance procedures with the requirements noted in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including a Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics, which reflects the overall corporate principles, policies and values that provides overall guidance for our control procedures. 

Notwithstanding the assessment that our ICFR was
not effective as of August 31, 2024 and that there is a material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial
statements contained in this Quarterly Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period
covered thereby in all material respects. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and we are undertaking
measures to remediate the material weakness we have identified and generally strengthen our internal control over financial reporting.
We will also continue to further review, optimize, and enhance our financial reporting controls and procedures. This material weakness
will not be considered remediated until the applicable remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has
concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

Except for the remediation procedures being implemented
by the Company as described above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

48 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not a party to any pending legal
proceeding. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, affiliates or any beneficial holders
of 5 or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

In addition to
the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024, and this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, we have identified the following material risks and uncertainties which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of
the date of this Quarterly Report. These material risks and uncertainties should be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential
investors in evaluating the Company, our business and the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks
and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different from any future
results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us or by persons
acting on our behalf. Refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements as disclosed in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024. 

There is no assurance
that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material risks and uncertainties
may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a significant decrease in the market
price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and uncertainties represent a complete list of
the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature that, as of the date
of this Quarterly Report, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future, any one or more of
which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any one of
these material risks and uncertainties. 

Risks Related to the Business 

We have a limited operating history and,
as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 

We have a limited operating history, which makes
it difficult to forecast our future results. You should not rely on our past results of operations as indicators of future performance.
You should consider and evaluate our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainty frequently encountered by companies like ours. 

If we fail to address the risks and difficulties
that we face, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and operate in an evolving
market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history
or operated in a more predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently
experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks
and uncertainties are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We have a history of net losses and we may
not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

For all annual periods of our operating history
we have experienced net losses. We generated a net loss of approximately 3.3 million during the six-month period ended August 31, 2024
and net losses of approximately 3.8 million, 7.5 million and 4.9 million for the years ended February 29, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
At August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 31.8 million and 28.4 million, respectively.
We have not achieved profitability, and we may not realize sufficient revenue to achieve profitability in future periods. Our expenses
will likely increase in the future as we develop and launch new offerings and platform features, expand in existing and new markets, increase
our sales and marketing efforts and continue to invest in our platform. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result
in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may continue
to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 

49 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We are currently experiencing growth in our business.
This expansion increases the complexity of our business and has placed, and will continue to place, strain on our management, personnel,
operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting functions. Our ability to
manage our growth effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies and acquisitions into our existing business will require us
to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure and to continue to retain, attract, train, motivate and manage employees.
Continued growth could strain our ability to develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls, enhance our reporting
systems and procedures, recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel and maintain user satisfaction. Additionally, if we do not
effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our offerings could suffer, which could negatively affect
our reputation and brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on our key personnel and other
highly skilled personnel, and if we fail to attract, retain, motivate or integrate our personnel, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends in part on the continued service
of our founders, senior management team, key technical employees and other highly skilled personnel and on our ability to identify, hire,
develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. We may not be successful in attracting
and retaining qualified personnel to fulfil our current or future needs. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members
of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive
terms or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, particularly in critical areas of our business, we may
not achieve our strategic goals. 

Our concentration of earnings from two telecommunications
companies may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We currently derive a substantial amount of our
total revenue through contracts secured with China Unicom and China Mobile. If we were to lose the business of one or both of these mobile
telecommunications companies, if either were to fail to fulfil its obligations to us, if either were to experience difficulty in paying
rebates to us on a timely basis, if either negotiated lower pricing terms, or if either increased the number of licensed payment portals
it permits to process its payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that the volume of revenue we earn from China Unicom and China
Mobile will remain consistent going forward. Any substantial change in our relationships with either China Unicom or China Mobile, or
both, whether due to actions by our competitors, regulatory authorities, industry factors or otherwise, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any actual or perceived security or privacy
breach could interrupt our operations, harm our brand and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our business involves the processing and transmission
of our users personal and other sensitive data. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage information
systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks. Unauthorized
parties may in the future gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including gaining unauthorized access into our
systems or facilities or those of our service providers, partners or users on our platform, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees,
service providers, partners, users or others into disclosing names, passwords, payment information or other sensitive information, which
may in turn be used to access our information technology systems, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or others
into manipulating payment information, resulting in the fraudulent transfer of funds to criminal actors. In addition, users on our platform
could have vulnerabilities on their own mobile devices that are entirely unrelated to our systems and platform but could mistakenly attribute
their own vulnerabilities to us. Further, breaches experienced by other companies may also be leveraged against us. For example, credential
stuffing attacks are becoming increasingly common and sophisticated actors can mask their attacks, making them increasingly difficult
to identify and prevent. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored or supported by significant financial and technological resources, making
them even more difficult to detect. 

50 

Although we have developed systems and processes
that are designed to protect our users data, prevent data loss and prevent other security breaches, these security measures cannot
guarantee security. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches; also, employee
error, malfeasance or other errors in the storage, use or transmission of personal information could result in an actual or perceived
privacy or security breach or other security incident. 

Any actual or perceived breach of privacy or security
could interrupt our operations, result in our platform being unavailable, result in loss or improper disclosure of data, result in fraudulent
transfer of funds, harm our reputation and brand, damage our relationships with third-party partners, result in significant legal, regulatory
and financial exposure and lead to loss of confidence in, or decreased use of, our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Any breach of privacy or security impacting any entities with which we share or disclose
data (including, for example, our third-party providers) could have similar effects. 

Additionally, defending against claims or litigation
based on any security breach or incident, regardless of their merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. We cannot
be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance
will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any
future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence
of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements,
could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Systems failures and resulting interruptions
in the availability of our platform or offerings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our systems, or those of third parties upon which
we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service
and other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications
services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware or other events. Our systems
also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. Some of our systems
are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption insurance
may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and
similar events. 

We have not experienced any system failures or
other events or conditions that have interrupted the availability or reduced or effected the speed or functionality of our offerings.
These events, were they to occur in the future, could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

The successful operation of our business
depends upon the performance and reliability of Internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that are not under our control. 

Our business depends on the performance and reliability
of Internet, mobile and other infrastructures that are not under our control. Disruptions in Internet infrastructure or the failure of
telecommunications network operators to provide us with the bandwidth we need to provide our services and offerings could interfere with
the speed and availability of our platform. If our platform is unavailable when platform users attempt to access it, or if our platform
does not load as quickly as platform users expect, platform users may not return to our platform as often in the future, or at all, and
may use our competitors products or offerings more often. In addition, we have no control over the costs of the services provided
by national telecommunications operators. If mobile Internet access fees or other charges to Internet users increase, consumer traffic
may decrease, which may in turn cause our revenue to significantly decrease. 

51 

Our business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted
operation of mobile communications systems. The occurrence of an unanticipated problem, such as a power outage, telecommunications delay
or failure, security breach or computer virus could result in delays or interruptions to our services, offerings and platform, as well
as business interruptions for us and platform users. Furthermore, foreign governments may leverage their ability to shut down directed
services, and local governments may shut down our platform at the routing level. Any of these events could damage our reputation, significantly
disrupt our operations, and subject us to liability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
We have invested significant resources to develop new products to mitigate the impact of potential interruptions to mobile communications
systems, which can be used by consumers in territories where mobile communications systems are less efficient. However, these products
may ultimately be unsuccessful. 

We may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government
investigations and other proceedings that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 

We may be subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration
proceedings, government investigations and other legal and regulatory proceedings as our business grows and as we deploy new offerings,
including proceedings related to our products or our acquisitions, securities issuances or business practices. The results of any such
claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations or other legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with
certainty. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our
reputation, require significant management attention and divert significant resources. Determining reserves for litigation is a complex
and fact-intensive process that requires significant subjective judgment and speculation. It is possible that such proceedings could result
in substantial damages, settlement costs, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. These proceedings could also result in harm to our reputation and brand, sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions or other
orders requiring a change in our business practices. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and
to incur legal expenses on behalf of our business and commercial partners and current and former directors and officers. 

We will require additional funding to support
our business growth. 

To grow our business, FingerMotion currently looks
to take advantage of the immense growth in the total variety of mobile services provided in China. On February 1, 2022, the Xinhua News
Agency reported that the combined business revenue in the telecom sector rose 8 year on year to about USD232.43 billion in 2021, with
the growth rate up 4.1 percentage points from 2020, according to the PRC Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. For the Company
to continue to grow, the deposit with the Telecoms needs to increase, as most of the revenue we process is dependent on the size of the
deposit we have with each Telecom. We will need to raise additional capital to materially increase the amounts of these deposits with
the Telecoms and to support the rollour of our Command Communications business. If we raise additional funds through the issuance
of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common
stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to
us on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding or funding on terms satisfactory to us, when we require
it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Claims by others that we infringed their
proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could harm our business. 

Companies in the Internet and technology industries
are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition,
certain companies and rights holders seek to enforce and monetize patents or other intellectual property rights they own, have purchased
or otherwise obtained. As we gain a public profile and the number of competitors in our market increases, the possibility of intellectual
property rights claims against us grows. From time to time, third parties may assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights
against us. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent-holding companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial
resources to assert their intellectual property rights. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could cause
us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, could distract our management from our business and could require us to cease
use of such intellectual property. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, we risk compromising our confidential information during this type of litigation. We may be required to pay substantial
damages, royalties or other fees in connection with a claimant securing a judgment against us, we may be subject to an injunction or other
restrictions that prevent us from using or distributing our intellectual property, or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from
distributing our offerings or a portion thereof, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

52 

With respect to any intellectual property rights
claim, we may have to seek out a license to continue operations found to be in violation of such rights, which may not be available on
favorable or commercially reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. Some licenses may be non-exclusive,
and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If a third party does not offer us a license to its
intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could
require significant time (during which we would be unable to continue to offer our affected offerings), effort and expense and may ultimately
not be successful. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Our stock has limited liquidity. 

Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market on December 28, 2021, and before that it traded on the OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. Trading volume in our shares may
be sporadic and the price could experience volatility. If adverse market conditions exist, you may have difficulty selling your shares. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate
significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or our failure to perform in line with such estimates; 

changes in market valuations of other companies, particularly those that market services such as ours; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

introduction of product enhancements that reduce the need for our products; 

departure of key personnel; and 

changes in overall global market sentiments and economy trends 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared nor paid cash dividends
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we
do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their common
stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 

53 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock
could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may depend
in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competition.
The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If one or
more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, provide a more favorable recommendation about our competitors or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If few securities analysts commence
coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities
could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our common stock to decline. 

The
continued sale of our equity securities will dilute the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders and may decrease the market
price for our Common Shares. 

Our Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Common Shares and up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock Preferred Shares ). Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of our capital stock to provide
additional financing in the future and designate the rights of the preferred shares, which may include voting, dividend, distribution
or other rights that are preferential to those held by the common stockholders. The issuance of any such common or preferred shares may
result in a reduction of the book value or market price of our outstanding common shares. To grow our business substantially, we will
likely have to issue additional equity securities to obtain working capital to deposit with the telecommunications companies for which
we process mobile recharge payments. Our efforts to fund our intended business plans will therefore result in dilution to our existing
stockholders. If we do issue any such additional common shares, such issuance also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership
and voting power of all other stockholders. As a result of such dilution, if you acquire common shares your proportionate ownership interest
and voting power could be decreased. Furthermore, any such issuances could result in a change of control or a reduction in the market
price for our common shares. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements
or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOA ). The SOA requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop
and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules
and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal
executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. We have expended, and
anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources in order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

Our current controls and any new controls that
we develop may become inadequate because of changes in the conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls
or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls,
or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet
our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and
maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations
and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
reported financial and other information, which would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

54 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock,
which could depress the price of our shares of common stock. 

FINRA rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
Thus, if our shares of common stock become speculative low-priced securities, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our shares of common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock,
have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock, and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

Our shares of common
stock have been thinly traded, and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your shares of common
stock to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Until December 28, 2021,
our shares of common stock were quoted on the OTCQB/QX where they were thinly-traded , meaning that the number of persons
interested in purchasing our shares of common stock at or near bid prices at any given time was relatively small or non-existent. Since
we listed on Nasdaq on December 28, 2021, the volume of our shares of common stock traded has increased, but that volume could decrease
until we are thinly-traded again. That could occur due to a number of factors, including that we are relatively unknown to stock analysts,
stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if
we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and might be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours
or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares of common stock until such time as we became more seasoned. As a consequence, there
may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares of common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to
a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse
effect on share price. Broad or active public trading market for our shares of common stock may not develop or be sustained. 

Risks Related to the VIE Agreements 

The PRC government may determine that the
VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

JiuGe Management manages and operates the mobile
data business through JiuGe Technology pursuant to the rights its holds under the VIE Agreements. Almost all economic benefits and risks
arising from JiuGe Technology s operations are transferred to JiuGe Management under these agreements. 

There are risks involved with the operation of
our business in reliance on the VIE Agreements, including the risk that the VIE Agreements may be determined by PRC regulators or courts
to be unenforceable. Our PRC counsel has advised us that the VIE Agreements are binding and enforceable under PRC law, but has further
advised that if the VIE Agreements were for any reason determined to be in breach of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the
relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such breach, including: 

imposing economic penalties; 

discontinuing or restricting the operations of JiuGe Technology or JiuGe Management; 

imposing conditions or requirements in respect of the VIE Agreements with which JiuGe Technology or JiuGe Management may not be able to comply; 

requiring our company to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; 

55 

taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our company s business; and 

revoking the business licenses and/or the licenses or certificates of JiuGe Management, and/or voiding the VIE Agreements. 

Any of these actions could adversely affect our
ability to manage, operate and gain the financial benefits of JiuGe Technology, which would have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting
part of our VIE structure do not comply with PRC regulations, or if regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we
may be unable to assert our contractual rights over the assets of our VIE, and our Common Shares may decline in value or become worthless. 

Our ability to manage and operate JiuGe
Technology under the VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership. 

We conduct our mobile data business in the PRC
and generate virtually all of our revenues through the VIE Agreements. Our plans for future growth are based substantially on growing
the operations of JiuGe Technology. However, the VIE Agreements may not be as effective in providing us with control over JiuGe Technology
as direct ownership. Under the current VIE arrangements, as a legal matter, if JiuGe Technology fails to perform its obligations under
these contractual arrangements, we may have to (i) incur substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and (ii) rely on
legal remedies under PRC law, which we cannot be sure would be effective. Therefore, if we are unable to effectively control JiuGe Technology,
it may have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives and grow our revenues. 

The VIE Agreements have never been challenged
or recognized in court for the time being, the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable
PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

The VIE Agreements are governed by the PRC law
and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitral proceedings pursuant to PRC law. If JiuGe Technology or its shareholders fail
to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements, we would be required to resort to legal remedies available under PRC law, including
seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, or claiming damages. We cannot be sure that such remedies would provide us with effective
means of causing JiuGe Technology to meet its obligations or recovering any losses or damages as a result of non-performance. Further,
the legal environment in China is not as developed as in other jurisdictions. Uncertainties in the application of various laws, rules,
regulations or policies in PRC legal system could limit our liability to enforce the VIE Agreements and protect our interests. 

The payment arrangement under the VIE Agreements
may be challenged by the PRC tax authorities. 

We generate our revenues through the payments
we receive pursuant to the VIE Agreements. We could face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the VIE Agreements
were not entered into based on arm s length negotiations. For example, PRC tax authorities may adjust our income and expenses for
PRC tax purposes which could result in our being subject to higher tax liability or cause other adverse financial consequences. 

Shareholders of JiuGe Technology have potential
conflicts of interest with our Company which may adversely affect our business. 

Li Li is the legal representative and general
manager, and also a shareholder of JiuGe Technology. There could be conflicts that arise from time to time between our interests and the
interests of Ms. Li. There could also be conflicts that arise between us and JiuGe Technology that would require our shareholders and
JiuGe Technology s shareholders to vote on corporate actions necessary to resolve the conflict. There can be no assurance in any
such circumstances that Ms. Li will vote her shares in our best interest or otherwise act in the best interests of our company. If Ms.
Li fails to act in our best interests, our operating performance and future growth could be adversely affected. 

56 

We rely on the approval certificates and
business license held by JiuGe Management and any deterioration of the relationship between JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology could
materially and adversely affect our business operations. 

We operate our mobile data business in China on
the basis of the approval certificates, business license and other requisite licenses held by JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology. There
is no assurance that JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology will be able to renew their licenses or certificates when their terms expire
with substantially similar terms as the ones they currently hold. 

Further, our relationship with JiuGe Technology
is governed by the VIE Agreements that are intended to provide us with effective control over the business operations of JiuGe Technology.
However, the VIE Agreements may not be effective in providing control over the application for and maintenance of the licenses required
for our business operations. JiuGe Technology could violate the VIE Agreements, go bankrupt, suffer from difficulties in its business
or otherwise become unable to perform its obligations under the VIE Agreements and, as a result, our operations, reputations and business
could be severely harmed. 

If JiuGe Management exercises the purchase
option it holds over JiuGe Technology s share capital pursuant to the VIE Agreements, the payment of the purchase price could materially
and adversely affect our financial position. 

Under the VIE Agreements, JiuGe Technology s
shareholders have granted JiuGe Management an option for the maximum period of time permitted by law to purchase all of the equity interest
in JiuGe Technology at a price equal to one dollar or the lowest applicable price allowable by PRC laws and regulations. As JiuGe Technology
is already our contractually controlled affiliate, JiuGe Management s exercising of the option would not bring immediate benefits
to our company, and payment of the purchase prices could adversely affect our financial position. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes in China s political or economic
situation could harm us and our operating results. 

Economic reforms adopted by the Chinese government
have had a positive effect on the economic development of the country, but the government could change these economic reforms or any of
the legal systems at any time. This could either benefit or damage our operations and profitability. Some of the things that could have
this effect are: 

Level of government involvement in the economy; 

Control of foreign exchange; 

Methods of allocating resources; 

Balance of payments position; 

International trade restrictions; and 

International conflict. 

The Chinese economy differs from the economies
of most countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ), in many ways. For example,
state-owned enterprises still constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy and weak corporate governance and a lack of flexible currency
exchange policy still prevail in China. As a result of these differences, we may not develop in the same way or at the same rate as might
be expected if the Chinese economy was similar to those of the OECD member countries. 

57 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system could limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

We conduct substantially all of our business through
our operating subsidiary and affiliate in the PRC. Our principal operating subsidiary and affiliate, JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology,
are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws applicable to foreign-invested
enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited
precedential value. Since 1979, a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various
forms of foreign investments in China. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws,
regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which may limit
legal protections available to you and us. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and
diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, most of our executive officers and all of our directors are not residents
of the United States, and substantially all the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it could be
difficult for investors to effect service of process in the United States or to enforce a judgment obtained in the United States against
our Chinese operations, subsidiary and affiliate. 

The current tensions in international trade
and rising political tensions, particularly between the United States and China, may adversely impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Recently there have been heightened tensions in
international economic relations, such as the one between the United States and China. Political tensions between the United States and
China have escalated due to, among other things, trade disputes, the COVID-19 outbreak, sanctions imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury
on certain officials of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the PRC central government and the executive orders issued by
the U.S. government in November 2020 that prohibit certain transactions with certain China-based companies and their respective subsidiaries.
Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trade, investments, technological exchanges, and other economic activities between the
two major economies. Such tensions between the United States and China, and any escalation thereof, may have a negative impact on the
general, economic, political, and social conditions in China and, in turn, adversely impacting our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Regulations were introduced which includes but not limited to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law which states
that overseas securities regulatory authorities shall not carry out an investigation and evidence collection activities directly in China
without the consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the relevant State Council department(s). It further
defines that no organization or individual shall provide the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas
parties arbitrarily. With this regulation in force, it may result in delays by the Company to fulfil any request to provide relevant documents
or materials by the regulatory authorities or in the worst-case scenario that the Company would not be able to fulfil the request if the
approval from the regulatory authority of the State Council and the relevant State Council department(s) were rejected. 

You may have difficulty enforcing judgments
against us. 

We are a Delaware holding company, but Finger
Motion (CN) Limited is a Hong Kong company, and our principal operating affiliate and subsidiary, JiuGe Technology and JiuGe Management,
are located in the PRC. Most of our assets are located outside the United States and most of our current operations are conducted in the
PRC. In addition, all of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial
portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service
of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments predicated
on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, all of whom are not residents
in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty
as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments
are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the
requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity
between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce
a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national
sovereignty, security or the public interest. Therefore, it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court
in the United States. 

58 

The PRC government exerts substantial influence
over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. 

The PRC government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability
to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs,
environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance
with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate
may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts
on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. 

Accordingly, government actions in the future,
including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional
or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular
regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties or joint ventures. 

The PRC government may exert more oversight
and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. 

Recent statements by
the PRC government indicate an intent to take actions to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or
foreign investment in China-based issuers. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which
became effective on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures regulate both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing
of PRC domestic companies securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures,
if the issuer meets both the following conditions, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted by such issuer will be determined
as indirect overseas offering, which shall be subject to the filing procedure set forth under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures: (i)
50 or more of the issuer s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated
financial statements for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (ii) the main parts of the issuer s
business activities are conducted in mainland China, or its main places of business are located in mainland China, or the senior managers
in charge of its business operations and management are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in mainland China. Where an abovementioned
issuer submits an application for an initial public offering to competent overseas regulators, such issuer shall file with the CSRC within
three business days after such application is submitted. Where a domestic company fails to fulfil filing procedure or in violation of
the provisions as stipulated above, in respect of its overseas offering and listing, the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings
to such domestic company, and impose a fine ranging from RMB1,000,000 to RMB10,000,000. Also the directly liable persons and actual controllers
of the domestic company that organize or instruct the aforementioned violations shall be warned and/or imposed fines. 

Also on February 17, 2023, the CSRC also held
a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which, among others, clarifies that the domestic companies that have already been listed overseas
on or before the effective date of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures (March 31, 2023) shall be deemed as stock enterprises .
Stock enterprises are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC when
subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. 

If we offer new securities in the future, we will
be required to file with the CSRC, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

59 

Future inflation in China may inhibit our
ability to conduct business in China. 

In recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced
periods of rapid expansion and highly fluctuating rates of inflation. During the past ten years, the rate of inflation in China has been
as high as 4.5 and as low as 0.2 . These factors have led to the adoption by the Chinese government, from time to time, of various corrective
measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause
the Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China,
and thereby harm the market for our products and our company. 

Capital outflow policies in the PRC may
hamper our ability to remit income to the United States. 

The PRC has adopted currency and capital transfer
regulations. These regulations may require that we comply with complex regulations for the movement of capital and as a result we may
not be able to remit all income earned and proceeds received in connection with our operations or from the sale of one of our operating
subsidiaries to the U.S. or to our shareholders. 

Adverse regulatory developments in China
may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny to be adopted by the SEC
in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements for companies like
us with significant China-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional disclosure requirements. 

The recent regulatory developments in China, in
particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore, may lead to additional regulatory review in
China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition, we may be subject to industry-wide regulations
that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of limiting our service offerings, restricting the scope
of our operations in China, or causing the suspension or termination of our business operations in China entirely, all of which will materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may have to adjust, modify, or completely change
our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments, and we cannot assure you that any remedial action
adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner or at all. 

On July 30, 2021, in response to the recent regulatory
developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of the SEC issued a statement asking the SEC staff to seek
additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating companies before their registration statements will
be declared effective. On August 1, 2021, the CSRC stated in a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced
by the SEC regarding the listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory development in China, and that both countries should
strengthen communications on regulating China-related issuers. We cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory
review and we could be exposed to government interference in China. 

Compliance with China s new Data Security
Law, Measures on Cybersecurity Review (revised draft for public consultation), Personal Information Protection Law (second draft for consultation),
regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme and any other future laws and regulations may entail significant
expenses and could materially affect our business. 

China has implemented or will implement rules
and is considering a number of additional proposals relating to data protection. China s new Data Security Law promulgated by the
Standing Committee of the National People s Congress of China in June 2021, or the Data Security Law, took effect in September 2021.
The Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based on data classification and hierarchical
protection system for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in China from transferring data stored in China to
foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior approval by the Chinese government. As a result of the new Data
Security Law, we may need to make adjustments to our data processing practices to comply with this law. 

Additionally, China s Cyber Security Law,
requires companies to take certain organizational, technical and administrative measures and other necessary measures to ensure the security
of their networks and data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that China adopt a multi-level protection
scheme (MLPS), under which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection to ensure that the network is
free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being disclosed, stolen or tampered. Under the
MLPS, entities operating information systems must have a thorough assessment of the risks and the conditions of their information and
network systems to determine the level to which the entity s information and network systems belong-from the lowest Level 1 to the
highest Level 5 pursuant to the Measures for the Graded Protection and the Guidelines for Grading of Classified Protection of Cyber Security.
The grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must comply with. Entities classified as Level
2 or above should report the grade to the relevant government authority for examination and approval. 

60 

Recently, the Cyberspace Administration of China
(the CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies in connection with their initial public offerings
on U.S. securities exchanges, for alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese
data subjects. According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law, the Cyber Security
Law and the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, which are aimed at preventing national data security risks, maintaining national
security and safeguarding public interests. On July 10, 2021, the CAC published a revised draft of the Measures on Cybersecurity
Review, expanding the cybersecurity review to data processing operators in possession of personal information of over 1 million users
if the operators intend to list their securities in a foreign country. 

It is unclear at the present time how widespread
the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action will be and what effect they will have on the telecommunications sector
generally and the Company in particular. China s regulators may impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension
of operations, and this could lead to us delisting from the U.S. stock market. 

Also, on November 20, 2021, the National People s
Congress passed the Personal Information Protection Law, which was implemented on November 1, 2021. The law creates a comprehensive set
of data privacy and protection requirements that apply to the processing of personal information and expands data protection compliance
obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of
personal information of persons in China outside of China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or
analyzing and evaluating the behavior of, persons in China. The law also proposes that critical information infrastructure operators and
personal information processing entities who process personal information meeting a volume threshold to-be-set by Chinese cyberspace regulators
are also required to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment administered
by Chinese cyberspace regulators for any export of such personal information. Lastly, the draft contains proposals for significant fines
for serious violations of up to RMB 50 million or 5 of annual revenues from the prior year. 

Interpretation, application and enforcement of
these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments
to existing legislation and changes in enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law and the Data Security Law could significantly
increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even prevent us from providing
certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we may operate in the future. Despite our efforts
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, it is
possible that our practices, offerings or platform could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed on us by the Cyber Security Law,
the Data Security Law and/or related implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulations or any other
obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access,
use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the perception or allegation that any of the foregoing types of
failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or
result in investigations, fines, suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any
of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not
subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and brand and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created by the Data Security Law and
the recent Chinese government actions could materially adversely affect our ability, on favorable terms, to raise capital, including engaging
in follow-on offerings of our securities in the U.S. market. 

61 

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit
our ability to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

The majority of our revenues will be settled in
Chinese Renminbi (RMB), and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use revenue generated in RMB to fund
any future business activities outside China or to make dividend or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although the Chinese government introduced
regulations in 1996 to allow greater convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions, significant restrictions still remain,
including primarily the restriction that foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell or remit foreign currencies after providing valid
commercial documents, at those banks in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition, conversion of RMB for capital
account items, including direct investment and loans, is subject to governmental approval in China, and companies are required to open
and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital account items. We cannot be certain that the Chinese regulatory authorities
will not impose more stringent restrictions on the convertibility of the RMB. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely
affect our business and the value of our securities. 

The value of our common stock will be indirectly
affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales
may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results
reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in
the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars as well as earnings
from, and the value of, any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future. 

Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to
the U.S. dollar. Although the People s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant
short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the
medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange
rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

Very limited hedging transactions are available
in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may
enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not
be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange
control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 

Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC subsidiary s
ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions
that could benefit our business, pay dividends to our shareholders, and otherwise fund and conduct our businesses. 

Substantially all of our revenue is earned by
JiuGe Management, our PRC subsidiary. PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to make dividends and other payments
to its offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividends by our PRC subsidiary only out of its accumulated
after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary is also required
under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10 of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory
general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reaches 50 of our registered capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds
can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends. Any limitations
on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments
or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

PRC regulation of loans and direct investment
by offshore holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC
subsidiary and affiliated entities, which could harm our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

As an offshore holding company of our PRC subsidiary,
we may (i) make loans to our PRC subsidiary and affiliated entities, (ii) make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary,
(iii) establish new PRC subsidiaries and make capital contributions to these new PRC subsidiaries, and (iv) acquire offshore entities
with business operations in China in an offshore transaction. However, most of these uses are subject to PRC regulations and approvals.
For example: 

62 

loans by us to our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, which is a foreign-invested enterprise, cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC (the SAFE or its local counterparts; 

loans by us to our affiliated entities, which are domestic PRC entities, over a certain threshold must be approved by the relevant government authorities and must also be registered with the SAFE or its local counterparts; and 

capital contributions to our wholly-owned subsidiary must file a record with the PRC Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM or its local counterparts and shall also be limited to the difference between the registered capital and the total investment amount. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain
these government registrations or filings on a timely basis, or at all. If we fail to finish such registrations or filings, our ability
to capitalize our PRC subsidiary s operations may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability
to fund and expand our business. 

On March 30, 2015, the SAFE promulgated a notice
relating to the administration of foreign invested company of its capital contribution in foreign currency into RMB (Hui Fa [2015]19) Circular 19 ). Although Circular 19 has fastened the administration relating to the settlement of exchange of foreign-investment,
allows the foreign-invested company to settle the exchange on a voluntary basis, it still requires that the bank review the authenticity
and compliance of a foreign-invested company s settlement of exchange in previous time, and the settled in RMB converted from foreign
currencies shall deposit on the foreign exchange settlement account, and shall not be used for several purposes as listed in the negative
list . As a result, the notice may limit our ability to transfer funds to our operations in China through our PRC subsidiary, which
may affect our ability to expand our business. Meanwhile, the foreign exchange policy is unpredictable in China, it shall be various with
the nationwide economic pattern, the strict foreign exchange policy may have an adverse impact in our capital cash and may limit our business
expansion. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating
to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to personal liability,
limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiary or affiliate, limit our PRC subsidiary s
and affiliate s ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially adversely affect us. 

In October 2005, the SAFE, issued the Notice on
Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside
China, generally referred to as Circular 75, which required PRC residents to register with the competent local SAFE branch before establishing
or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company SPV ), for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing
outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing guidelines issued by
the SAFE, which became public in June 2007 Notice 106 ), expanded the reach of Circular 75 by (1) purporting to cover
the establishment or acquisition of control by PRC residents of offshore entities which merely acquire control over domestic
companies or assets, even in the absence of legal ownership; (2) adding requirements relating to the source of the PRC resident s
funds used to establish or acquire the offshore entity; covering the use of existing offshore entities for offshore financings; (3) purporting
to cover situations in which an offshore SPV establishes a new subsidiary in China or acquires an unrelated company or unrelated assets
in China; and (4) making the domestic affiliate of the SPV responsible for the accuracy of certain documents which must be filed in connection
with any such registration, notably, the business plan which describes the overseas financing and the use of proceeds. Amendments to registrations
made under Circular 75 are required in connection with any increase or decrease of capital, transfer of shares, mergers and acquisitions,
equity investment or creation of any security interest in any assets located in China to guarantee offshore obligations and Notice 106
makes the offshore SPV jointly responsible for these filings. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related
domestic company or assets, before the implementation date of Circular 75, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed
before March 30, 2006; this date was subsequently extended indefinitely by Notice 106, which also required that the registrant establish
that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Failure to comply with the requirements of Circular 75, as applied by the SAFE in accordance with Notice 106, may result in fines and
other penalties under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV s
affiliates being impeded or prevented from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or
liquidation to the SPV, or from engaging in other transfers of funds into or out of China. 

63 

We have advised our shareholders who are PRC residents,
as defined in Circular 75, to register with the relevant branch of SAFE, as currently required, in connection with their equity interests
in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary and affiliate. However, we cannot provide any assurances that their
existing registrations have fully complied with, and they have made all necessary amendments to their registration to fully comply with,
all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 75. Moreover, because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted
and implemented, and how or whether the SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future
strategies. For example, our present and prospective PRC subsidiary s and affiliate s ability to conduct foreign exchange
activities, such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings, may be subject to compliance with Circular
75 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition, such PRC residents may not always be able to complete the necessary registration
procedures required by Circular 75. We also have little control over either our present or prospective direct or indirect shareholders
or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident shareholders to
comply with Circular 75, if the SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict
our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiary s and affiliate s ability to make distributions or
pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

We may be subject to fines and legal sanctions
by the SAFE or other PRC government authorities if we or our employees who are PRC citizens fail to comply with PRC regulations relating
to employee stock options granted by offshore listed companies to PRC citizens. 

On March 28, 2007, the SAFE promulgated the Operating
Procedures for Foreign Exchange Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership Plans and Stock Option
Plans of Offshore Listed Companies Circular 78 ). Under Circular 78, Chinese citizens who are granted share options
by an offshore listed company are required, through a Chinese agent or Chinese subsidiary of the offshore listed company, to register
with SAFE and complete certain other procedures, including applications for foreign exchange purchase quotas and opening special bank
accounts. We and our Chinese employees who have been granted share options are subject to Circular 78. Failure to comply with these regulations
may subject us or our Chinese employees to fines and legal sanctions imposed by the SAFE or other PRC government authorities and may prevent
us from further granting options under our share incentive plans to our employees. Such events could adversely affect our business operations. 

Under the New EIT Law, we may be classified
as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our
non-PRC shareholders. 

Under the New EIT Law effective on January 1,
2008, an enterprise established outside China with de facto management bodies within China is considered a resident
enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The
implementing rules of the New EIT Law define de facto management as substantial and overall management and control over the production
and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. 

On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of
Taxation issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese Investment Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore
as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies (the Notice ), further interpreting the
application of the New EIT Law and its implementation non-Chinese enterprise or group controlled offshore entities. Pursuant to the Notice,
an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group will be classified as a non-domestically
incorporated resident enterprise if (i) its senior management in charge of daily operations reside or perform their duties mainly
in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and
properties, accounting books, corporate chops, board and shareholder minutes are kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors
with voting rights or senior management often resident in China. A resident enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate
of 25 on its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate of 10 when paying dividends to its non-PRC shareholders. However,
it remains unclear as to whether the Notice is applicable to an offshore enterprise incorporated by a Chinese natural person. Nor are
detailed measures on imposition of tax from non-domestically incorporated resident enterprises are available. Therefore, it is unclear
how tax authorities will determine tax residency based on the facts of each case. 

64 

Given the above conditions, although unlikely,
we may be deemed to be a resident enterprise by Chinese tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident
enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be
subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations.
In our case, this would mean that income such as interest on financing proceeds and non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25 . Second, although under the New EIT Law and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary
would qualify as tax-exempt income, we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax,
as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing
of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, it is possible
that future guidance issued with respect to the new resident enterprise classification could result in a situation in which
a 10 withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC shareholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC shareholders
from transferring our shares. We are actively monitoring the possibility of resident enterprise treatment. 

If we were treated as a resident enterprise 
by PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S. and China, and our PRC tax may not be creditable against our
U.S. tax. 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption laws, and any determination that we violated these
laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to the FCPA and other laws that
prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and
issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations, agreements with third parties
and we earn the majority of our revenue in China. PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government officials. Our activities in China
create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our executive officers, employees, consultants, sales agents or other
representatives of our Company, even though they may not always be subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to
discourage these practices by our employees. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective,
and the executive officers, employees, consultants, sales agents or other representatives of our Company may engage in conduct for which
we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions,
and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In
addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which
we invest or that we acquire. 

Because our business is located in the PRC,
we may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls, which we are required to do in order to comply
with U.S. securities laws. 

PRC companies have historically not adopted a
Western style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices, which includes strong corporate governance, internal controls
and computer, financial and other control systems. Some of our staff is not educated and trained in the Western system, and we may have
difficulty hiring new employees in the PRC with such training. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing
management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate
records and instituting business practices that meet Western standards. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing
and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the SOA. This may result in significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls, which could impact the reliability of our financial statements and prevent us from complying with
Commission rules and regulations and the requirements of the SOA. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a
materially adverse effect on our business. 

65 

The disclosures in our reports and other
filings with the SEC and our other public announcements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. Accordingly,
our public disclosure should be reviewed in light of the fact that no governmental agency that is located in the PRC, where part of our
operations and business are located, has conducted any due diligence on our operations or reviewed or cleared any of our disclosure. 

We are regulated by the SEC and our reports and
other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act. Unlike public reporting companies whose operations are located primarily in the United States, however, substantially
all of our operations are located in the PRC and Hong Kong. Since substantially all of our operations and business takes place outside
of United States, it may be more difficult for the staff of the SEC to overcome the geographic and cultural obstacles that are present
when reviewing our disclosure. These same obstacles are not present for similar companies whose operations or business take place entirely
or primarily in the United States. Furthermore, our SEC reports and other disclosure and public announcements are not subject to the review
or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to the review
of the CSRC. Accordingly, you should review our SEC reports, filings and our other public announcements with the understanding that no
local regulator has done any due diligence on our Company and with the understanding that none of our SEC reports, other filings or any
of our other public announcements has been reviewed or otherwise been scrutinized by any local regulator. 

Certain PRC regulations, including those
relating to mergers and acquisitions and national security, may require a complicated review and approval process which could make it
more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of
Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), which became effective in September 2006 and were
further amended in June 2009, requires that if an overseas company is established or controlled by PRC domestic companies or citizens
intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC domestic company affiliated with the PRC domestic companies or citizens,
such acquisition must be submitted to the MOFCOM, rather than local regulators, for approval. In addition, the M A Rules requires
that an overseas company controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies or citizens and holding equity interests of PRC domestic companies
needs to obtain the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, prior to listing its securities on an overseas stock
exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying the documents and materials required to
be submitted by overseas special purpose companies seeking the CSRC s approval of their overseas listings. 

The M A Rules established additional procedures
and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. For
example, the MOFCOM must be notified in the event a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, certain
acquisitions of domestic companies by offshore companies that are related to or affiliated with the same entities or individuals of the
domestic companies, are subject to approval by the MOFCOM. In addition, the Implementing Rules Concerning Security Review on Mergers and
Acquisitions by Foreign Investors of Domestic Enterprises, issued by the MOFCOM in November 2011, require that mergers and acquisitions
by foreign investors in any industry with national security concerns be subject to national security review by the MOFCOM.
In addition, any activities attempting to circumvent such review process, including structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual
control arrangement, are strictly prohibited. 

There is significant uncertainty regarding the
interpretation and implementation of these regulations relating to merger and acquisition activities in China. In addition, complying
with these requirements could be time-consuming, and the required notification, review or approval process may materially delay or affect
our ability to complete merger and acquisition transactions in China. As a result, our ability to seek growth through acquisitions may
be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the MOFCOM determines that we should have obtained its approval for our entry into
contractual arrangements with our affiliated entities, we may be required to file for remedial approvals. There is no assurance that we
would be able to obtain such approval from the MOFCOM. 

66 

If the MOFCOM, the CSRC and/or other PRC regulatory
agencies subsequently determine that the approvals from the MOFCOM and/or CSRC and/or other PRC regulatory agencies were required, our
PRC business could be challenged, and we may need to apply for a remedial approval and may be subject to certain administrative punishments
or other sanctions from PRC regulatory agencies. The regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC,
limit our operating privileges in the PRC, delay or restrict the conversion and remittance of our funds in foreign currencies into the
PRC, or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation
and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. 

As substantially all of our operations are
conducted through the VIE in China, our ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from the VIE.
However, the PRC government might exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers, which would likely result in a material change in our operations, even significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities or dividends to investors, and the value of our common stock may depreciate significantly
or become worthless. 

On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central
Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking
Down on Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law (the Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities Opinions ).
The Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities
activities and the supervision over overseas listings by China-based companies, and proposed to take measures, including promoting the
construction of relevant regulatory systems to control the risks and deal with the incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. 

In addition, on December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued
the draft Administration Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the Draft Administration Provisions and the draft Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas
Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Draft Administrative Measures ), for public comments. The
Draft Administration Provisions and the Draft Administrative Measures regulate overseas securities offering and listing by domestic companies
in direct or indirect form. The Draft Administration Provisions specify the responsibilities of the CSRC to regulate the activities of
overseas securities offering and listing by domestic companies and establish a filing-based regime. As a supporting measure to the Draft
Administration Provisions, the Draft Administrative Measures, detail the determination criteria for indirect overseas listing in overseas
markets. Specifically, an offering and listing shall be considered as an indirect overseas offering and listing by a domestic company
if the issuer meets the following conditions: (i) the operating income, gross profit, total assets, or net assets of the domestic enterprise
in the most recent fiscal year was more than 50 of the relevant line item in the issuer s audited consolidated financial statement
for that year; and (ii) senior management personnel responsible for business operations and management are mostly PRC citizens or are
ordinarily resident in the PRC, or the main place of business is in the PRC or carried out in the PRC. In accordance with the Draft Administrative
Measures, the issuer or its designated material domestic company, shall file with the CSRC and report the relevant information for its
initial public offering. 

On February 17, 2023,
the CSRC promulgated the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. The Overseas
Listing Trial Measures regulate both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies securities by
adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if the issuer meets both the following conditions,
the overseas securities offering and listing conducted by such issuer will be determined as indirect overseas offering, which shall be
subject to the filing procedure set forth under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures: (i) 50 or more of the issuer s operating revenue,
total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting
year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (ii) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in mainland
China, or its main places of business are located in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operations and management
are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in mainland China. Where an abovementioned issuer submits an application for an initial public
offering to competent overseas regulators, such issuer shall file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted.
Where a domestic company fails to fulfil filing procedure or in violation of the provisions as stipulated above, in respect of its overseas
offering and listing, the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings to such domestic company, and impose a fine ranging from RMB1,000,000
to RMB10,000,000. Also the directly liable persons and actual controllers of the domestic company that organize or instruct the aforementioned
violations shall be warned and/or imposed fines. 

67 

Also on February 17,
2023, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice on Administration
for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which, among others, clarifies that the domestic companies that
have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures (March 31, 2023) shall be deemed
as stock enterprises . Stock enterprises are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall
be required to file with the CSRC when subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. 

Due to the Overseas Listing
Trial Measures, we will be required to file with the CSRC with respect to an offering of new securities, which may subject us to additional
compliance requirements in the future and we cannot assure you that we will be able to get the clearance from the CSRC for any offering
of new securities on a timely manner. Any failure of us to comply with the new Overseas Listing Trial Measures may significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities, cause significant disruption to our business operations,
and severely damage our reputation. 

Furthermore, it is uncertain when and whether
we will be able to obtain permission or approval from the CSRC or the PRC government to offer securities to list on U.S. exchanges or
the execution of a VIE Agreement in the future. However, our operations are conducted through the VIE in PRC, and our ability to pay dividends
is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from the VIE, if we do not obtain or maintain any of the permissions or approvals
which may be required in the future by the PRC government for the operation of the VIE or the execution of VIE Agreements, our operations
and financial conditions could be adversely effected, even significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
offer securities or dividends to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Although
the audit report included in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 was prepared by an auditor who has been recently
inspected by the PCAOB, if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, we could
be delisted if we are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirements established by the HFCAA. 

As
a public company with securities listed on Nasdaq, we are required to have our financial statements audited by an independent registered
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB. A requirement of being registered with the PCAOB is that if requested by the SEC or
PCAOB, such accounting firm is required to make its audits and related audit work papers be subject to regular inspections to assess its
compliance with the applicable professional standards. Since our auditor is located in Hong Kong and PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB
has previously been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the PRC authorities due to various state secrecy laws and the
revised Securities Law, the PCAOB did not have free access to inspect the work of our auditor. This lack of access to the PCAOB inspection
in the PRC prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of our auditor based in the PRC. As a result,
the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors
in the PRC makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control
procedures as compared to auditors outside of the PRC that are subject to the PCAOB inspections. 

On
December 18, 2020, the HFCAA was enacted. In essence, the act requires the SEC to prohibit securities of any foreign companies from being
listed on U.S. securities exchanges or traded over-the-counter if a company retains a foreign accounting firm that cannot
be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, beginning in 2021. Our independent registered public accounting firm is located
in and organized under the laws of Hong Kong and the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without
the approval of the PRC authorities, and therefore our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final amendments, which will become effective 30 days after publication in the Federal Register,
relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final amendments will apply
to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because
of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Before any registrant will be required to comply with the interim final amendments,
the SEC must implement a process for identifying such registrants. Consistent with the HFCAA, the amendments will require any identified
registrant to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that the registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that
jurisdiction, and will also require, among other things, disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements
of, and government influence on, such registrant. 

68 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA which, if enacted, would decrease the number of non-inspection years from three years
to two, thus reducing the time period before the Company s securities may be delisted or prohibited from trading. 

On
November 5, 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100, Board Determination Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountability Act, effective
immediately. The rule establishes a framework for the PCAOB s determinations under the HFCAA that the PCAOB is unable to
inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by
an authority in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, SEC has announced the adoption of amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements
in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered
public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate Commission-Identified
Issuers ). The final amendments require Commission-Identified Issuers to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that,
if true, it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The amendments
also require that a Commission-Identified Issuer that is a foreign issuer, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 3b-4, provide
certain additional disclosures in its annual report for itself and any of its consolidated foreign operating entities. Further, the adopting
release provides notice regarding the procedures the SEC has established to identify issuers and to impose trading prohibitions on the
securities of certain Commission-Identified Issuers, as required by the HFCAA. The SEC will identify Commission-Identified Issuers for
fiscal years beginning after December 18, 2020. A Commission-Identified Issuer will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure
requirements in the annual report for each year in which it was identified. If a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer
based on its annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the registrant will be required to comply with the submission
or disclosure requirements in its annual report filing covering the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 16, 2021, PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of positions
taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework
for how the PCAOB fulfils its responsibilities under the HFCAA. The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix B, Registered
Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Mainland China Determination and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Hong Kong Determination,
respectively. The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, was issued by
Centurion ZD CPA Co., an audit firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction that the PCAOB previously determined that the PCAOB
is unable to conduct inspections or investigate auditors. However, on December 15, 2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able
to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong
and voted to vacate its previous determinations. Should the PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s
access in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

In
June 2022, we were identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer on the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under
the HFCAA (available at https://www.sec.gov/hfcaa ), however, on September 10, 2024 we changed our auditor to CT International
LLP based in San Francisco, CA, and, as a result, we do not expect to be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements
in our annual report covering the fiscal year ended February 28, 2025. As noted above, on December 15, 2022, the PCAOB vacated
its previous determinations that it is unable to inspect and investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong. 

69 

Under
the HFCAA (as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023), our securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock exchanges
or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this
ultimately could result in our common stock being delisted. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA, which was enacted under
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, as further described below. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Statement of Protocol gives the PCAOB sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and
potential violations it inspects and investigates and put in place procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete
audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed. In addition, the Statement of Protocol
grants the PCAOB direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates.
While significant, the Statement of Protocol is only a first step. Uncertainties still exist as to whether and how this new Statement
of Protocol will be implemented. Notwithstanding the signing of the Statement of Protocol, if the PCAOB cannot make a determination that
it is able to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, trading
of our securities will still be prohibited under the HFCAA and Nasdaq will determine to delist our securities. Therefore, there is no
assurance that the Statement of Protocol will relieve us from the delisting risk under the HFCAA. 

On December
29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was signed into law, which amended the HFCAA (i) to reduce the number of consecutive
years that would trigger delisting from three years to two years, and (ii) so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the reason why the
PCAOB does not to have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s auditors. As it was originally enacted, the HFCAA applied
only if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction
where the relevant public accounting firm is located. As a result of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, the HFCAA now also applies
if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate the relevant accounting firm is due to a position taken by an authority in any
foreign jurisdiction. The denying jurisdiction does not need to be where the accounting firm is located. 

The
SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on November
6, 2020, the President s Working Group on Financial Markets issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors from Significant
Risks from Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended that the SEC implement five recommendations
to address companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory mandate. Some of
the concepts of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCAA. However, some of the recommendations were more
stringent than the HFCAA. For example, if a company was not subject to PCAOB inspection, the report recommended that the transition period
before a company would be delisted would end on January 1, 2022. 

The
enactment of the HFCAA and the implications of any additional rulemaking efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information
in PRC could cause investor uncertainty for affected SEC registrants, including us, and the market price of our common stock could be
materially adversely affected. Additionally, whether the PCAOB will be able to conduct inspections of our auditor in the next two years,
or at all, is subject to substantial uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. If we are unable to meet the PCAOB
inspection requirement in time, our stock will not be permitted for trading on Nasdaq Capital Market either. Such a delisting would substantially
impair your ability to sell or purchase our stock when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would
have a negative impact on the price of our stock. Also, such a delisting would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms
acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

70 

ITEM 2 
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On October 11, 2024, we issued an aggregate of
1,095,000 shares of common stock at a price of 1.50 per share to 15 individuals due to the closing of our private placement at 1.50
per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,642,500. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the U.S. Securities Act ), provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities
Act for the issuance of the shares to the 15 individuals who were non-U.S. persons as the securities were issued to the individuals through
offshore transactions where were negotiated and consummated outside the United States. 

In connection with the closing of the private
placement, we paid cash finder s fees of an aggregate of 158,000 to three individuals. 

ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable 

ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 

On July 18, 2024, the Company s wholly owned
subsidiary, Finger Motion Company Limited (the Borrower ), entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Dr. Liew Yow Ming (the Lender whereby the Lender agreed to advance a short-term loan facility of SGD 1,500,000
(the Loan to the Borrower for working capital purposes. As of the date hereof, the full amount of the Loan has been
drawn upon by the Borrower. Each drawdown portion of the Loan is due one (1) year from the date of the drawdown, unless extended by the
Lender. If the Lender agrees, the Borrower may prepay the whole or any part of the Loan by providing the Lender not less than three (3)
business days prior written notice and subject to payment of interest accrued thereon. Any prepayment of the Loan shall be in an amount
of SGD 50,000 or multiples thereof. The Loan shall bear interest at the rate of 1.50 per month, any such interest to accrue from day
to day and to be calculated based on a 365-day year, and is payable on a monthly basis on or before the last day of each successive month.
The Loan Agreement contains undertakings and covenants of the Borrower whereby the Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent
of the Lender (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) (i) effect any form or reconstruction or amalgamation by way of a scheme
of arrangement or otherwise nor approve, permit or suffer any substantial change of ownership or transfer of any substantial part of its
issued capital, (ii) make any loan or advance or extend credit to any person or entity or issue or enter into any guidance or indemnity
or otherwise become directly, indirectly or contingently liable for the obligations of any other person or entity except in the ordinary
course of business, (iii) sell, lease, license alienate, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the undertaking,
property or assets whatsoever and wheresoever situate present or future of the Borrower except in the ordinary course of business, or
(iv) amend or alter any provisions in its Memorandum or Articles of Association or such other equivalent constitutional documents to change
its objects, borrowing or charging powers in such a manner so as to adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to perform or comply
with any one or more of its obligations under the Loan Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Loan Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Loan Agreement, which is filed Exhibit
10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein. 

During our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024,
 of our directors or executive officers adopted, modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase
or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

71 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included with this Quarterly Report: 

Exhibit 
 Description of Exhibit 

10.1 )( 
 Loan Agreement between Finger Motion Company Limited and Dr. Liew Yow Ming, dated July 18, 2024. 

31.1 ) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

31.2 ) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 Certifications pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS ) 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH ) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL ) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF ) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 

101.LAB ) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE ) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 ) 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 attachments) 

Notes: 

) 
 Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 ) 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

FINGERMOTION, INC. 

Dated: October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Martin J. Shen 

Martin J. Shen, President, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

73 

<EX-10>
 2
 fngr-20240831_10qex10z1.htm
 EX-10

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN
EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL 

THIS LOAN AGREEMENT is made on the 18 th 
day of July 2024 

BETWEEN 

(1) FINGER MOTION COMPANY LIMITED a company having its registered office at Unit 912, 9/F., Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street,
HungHom, Kowloon, Hong Kong (hereinafter called the Borrower ); and 

(2) Dr. LIEW YOW MING (SG NRIC No.: [ ]), an individual having address at 

 [ ] 
(hereinafter called the Lender ); 

(The Borrower and the Lender are collectively
referred to as the Parties and each, a Party .) 

WHEREAS 

The Borrower is a subsidiary of FingerMotion,
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company ). At the request of the Borrower,
the Lender has agreed to grant for the benefit of the Borrower a short-term loan facility of Singapore Dollars One Million Five Hundred
Thousand Only (SGD1,500,000.00) on the terms and conditions herein contained. 

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS 

1.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, the following expressions, except where the context requires otherwise,
shall have the following meanings: 

1.1:1 Applicable Laws includes any constitution, treaty, decree, legislation, subsidiary
legislation, common or customary law and judicial decisions, rule or regulation promulgated by the Relevant Authorities or administrative
agency(ies) for the time being in force in the Relevant Jurisdiction which is material to the execution, delivery, performance, validity
or enforceability of this Agreement and the Finance Documents ; 

1.1:2 Articles of Association means the articles of association of the Borrower, as may
be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time; 

1.1:3 Hong Kong means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s
Republic of China; 

1.1:4 Availability Period means the period commencing from the date hereof and terminating
on 31 December 2024 or the date on which the Commitment is cancelled pursuant to this Agreement, whichever is the earlier; 

1.1:5 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign
exchange markets are open in Hong Kong and New York for the transaction of business of the nature required by this Agreement; 

1.1:6 Commitment means the Principal Sum as the commitment of the Lender; 

1.1:7 Drawdown means the advance made or to be made to the Borrower under the Loan pursuant
to Clause 4 hereof; 

1.1:8 Drawing Amount has the meaning specified in [Clause 4.1]; 

1.1:9 Drawing Notice means a notice (substantially in the form set out in Appendix
A hereto) to be signed by the person or persons authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower requesting
for the Drawdown; 

1.1:10 Event of Default means any of the events of default described in Clause 10 hereof and
shall include any event which with the giving of notice and/or the passage of time constitute any of the events of default described in
Clause 10 hereof; 

1.1:11 Finance Documents means collectively, this Agreement
and all other documents executed or to be executed as guarantee, indemnity or Security, whether by the Borrower and/or any other party,
for the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement; 

1.1:12 Loan means either the short term loan facility of the Principal Sum of Singapore Dollars
One Million Five Hundred Thousand Only (SGD1,500,000.00) OR (where the context so admits) such amount (whether as to principal or interest
or any other sum) as is for the time being outstanding and owing by the Borrower to the Lender under this Agreement; 

1.1:13 Maturity Date means the date ending 365 days from the
date of the Drawdown, unless extended by the Lender; 

1.1:14 Memorandum means the memorandum of association of the Borrower, as may be amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time; 

1.1:15 Principal Repayment Date means 365 days from the date of each Drawdown or such other
due date as the Parties may mutually agree in writing in respect of each Drawdown; 

1.1:16 Principal Sum means Singapore Dollars One Million Five Hundred Thousand Only (SGD1,500,000.00); 

1.1:17 Relevant Authorities includes any judicial, governmental or administrative bodies which
are authorized and empowered by any Applicable Laws to exercise control over any matter relating to the execution, delivery, performance,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement, or to adjudicate upon any dispute arising from or in connection therewith and references
to Relevant Authority means any one of them; 

1.1:18 Relevant Jurisdiction means Hong Kong and any other jurisdiction within which the execution
of this Agreement and/or the performance and/or the enforcement of any terms and conditions herein and therein may take place. 

1.1:19 Singapore Dollars and SGD means the lawful currency of Singapore. 

1.2 Words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural number also and vice versa. 

1.3 The clause headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall be ignored in construing
this Agreement. 

1.4 Unless otherwise specified, references to Clauses and Appendices are to be construed as references respectively
to the clauses and appendices of or to this Agreement. 

1.5 All references to provisions of statutes include such provisions as modified or re-enacted from time to
time. 

1.6 Unless otherwise provided herein, all references to time shall mean Hong Kong time. 

1.7 Unless otherwise specified, references to this Agreement or any other document referred to herein or therein
shall be construed as references to such document as the same may be amended, varied, supplemented or novated from time to time. 

2. PURPOSE OF THE LOAN 

2.1 The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan only for the exclusive purpose as working capital for
its business. 

2.2 Without prejudice to [Clause 2.1], the Lender may, but shall not be bound to enquire as to the proposed
or actual application of the proceeds of the Loan (or any portion thereof) and shall not be bound to monitor or verify that application
or be responsible for, or for the consequences of, that application. 

3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Subject to the terms and conditions
herein contained, the Loan shall become the Commitment and available to the Borrower ONLY: 

3.1 When the Lender has received (or is satisfied that it will receive the same immediately when available
and, on such terms, and conditions as it in its absolute discretion direct) in form and substance satisfactory to it each of the following: 

3.1:1 Borrower, duly authorizing: 

3.1:1.1 the Borrower to obtain the Loan on the terms and conditions herein contained; 

3.1:1.2 the Borrower s duly authorised representative(s) to sign this Agreement, the Drawing Notice and to give
such notices, requests, demands or other communications as may be required from time to time for the purposes of the Loan; 

3.2 Upon the following conditions being satisfied: 

3.2:1 all acts, conditions and things required to be done and performed and to have happened precedent to the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and to constitute the same legal valid and binding obligations of the Borrower and of the security
providers enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, shall have been done, performed and happened in due and strict compliance
with all Applicable Laws; 

3.2:2 there is no breach by the Borrower of any of the covenants, undertakings or stipulations contained in
this Agreement and that all the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct and no Event of Default
has occurred; and 

3.2:3 in the reasonable opinion of the Lender, there is no material adverse change in the operations or the
financial standing of the Borrower. 

4. DRAWING 

4.1 The Borrower shall drawdown the Principal Sum in three (3) tranches during the Availability Period, such
Drawdown to be made by delivering to the Lender the Drawing Notice in accordance with this Clause 4. 

4.2 Unless otherwise agreed by the Lender, the Drawing Notice shall be given by the Borrower to the Lender
at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the intended Drawdown. 

4.3 The Drawing Notice shall specify the details of the intended Drawdown as required by the form attached
as Appendix A hereto. 

4.4 The Drawing Notice shall be effective only upon actual receipt by the Lender. For the purposes of this
provision, a transmission via fax to the Lender shall suffice if the same is actually received by the Lender. 

4.5 The Drawing Notice shall constitute a confirmation by the Borrower that at the relevant date thereon no
Event of Default has occurred and that the representations and warranties contained herein remain true and accurate in all material respects. 

4.6 The Borrower may not cancel all or any part of the Commitment before the expiration of the Availability
Period except as expressly provided in this Agreement or with the written consent of the lender; provided that any part of the
Commitment which is not drawn as of the final date of the Availability Period shall be automatically cancelled. 

5. REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT 

5.1 Unless otherwise agreed by the Lender and on such terms and conditions as may be directed by the Lender,
the Borrower shall repay the Drawing Amount thereon pursuant to this Agreement on each Principal Repayment Date in Singapore Dollars. 

5.2 Only if agreed by the Lender, the Borrower may prepay the whole or any part of the Loan outstanding by
giving to the Lender not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice and subject to payment of interest accrued thereon. Unless
otherwise agreed, any prepayment of the Loan shall be in an amount of SGD50,000 or multiples thereof. 

5.3 For the avoidance of doubt, any amount repaid and/or paid pursuant to [Clause 5.1] and [Clause 5.2] shall
not be re-borrowed or redrawn, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Lender. 

6. INTEREST 

6.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan at a rate equal to 1.50 per month, any such interest to accrue
from day to day and to be calculated based on a 365-day year. Interest shall be paid on a monthly pro-rata basis by way of telegraphic
transfer to the following designated bank account of the Lender on or before the last day of each successive month; 

Bank Name 
 : [ ] 
 
 Branch Code 
 : [ ] 

Account Name 
 : LIEW YOW MING 
 
 Account No. 
 : [ ] 

SWIFT Code 
 : [ ] 
 
 Address 
 : [ ] 

6.2 Subject to any prepayment of the Loan, the last interest payment shall be on the Maturity Date. 

7. PAYMENT BY THE BORROWER 

7.1 All payments whether as to principal, interest, fees or otherwise, to be made by the Borrower under this
Agreement shall be made without set-off, counterclaim or condition and free and clear of and without any deduction of or withholding for
or on account of any taxes, duties, levies, charges, imposts or any other deductions of whatsoever nature, now or hereafter imposed. If
at any time in accordance with any Applicable Laws, the Borrower is required to make any such deduction or withholding from any such payment,
the sum due from the Borrower in respect of such payment shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that after the making of
such deduction or withholding, the Lender receives a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received, had no such deduction or withholding
been required to be made. 

7.2 If the Borrower pays a sum which is less than the total amount due and overdue whether in respect of principal,
fees or otherwise, the Borrower shall apply all payments in the following order of priority: 

7.2.1 firstly, in reimbursement of all fees (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) and expenses incurred
by the Lender arising from or in connection with the demanding, enforcement or attempted enforcement of payment of moneys due under this
Agreement or the protection, preservation, enforcement (or the attempt to do so) of the Lender s rights and remedies under this
Agreement and the Applicable Laws; 

7.2.2 secondly, in repayment of any interest under this Agreement: 

 i) interest to be repaid end of every
month 

 ii) monthly interest rate 1.50 
on the Loan; and 

7.2.3 thirdly, in repayment of the principal element of the Loan. 

8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

8.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender which representations and warranties shall survive
the making of the Loan as follows: 

8.1:1 That the Borrower is a company with limited liability incorporated in Hong Kong, and has full power, authority
and legal right to own its assets and to carry on its businesses and that the Borrower will until the Loan and all other amounts due and
payable hereunder have been fully paid by the Borrower to the Lender maintain its corporate existence as a company with limited liability
under the laws of Hong Kong, and will maintain its registered office in Hong Kong; 

8.1:2 That this Agreement (where applicable) when executed will constitute legal valid and binding obligations
of the Borrower enforceable in accordance with their respective terms; 

8.1:3 That all acts, conditions and things, all consents, licenses, approvals, authorisations of, exemptions
by or registration or necessary declarations with any Relevant Authorities (if any) required to be done and performed and to have happened
precedent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement to constitute the same legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower
and of the security providers enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, have been done, performed and happened in due compliance
with all Applicable Laws; 

8.1:4 That no steps have been taken or are being taken to appoint a receiver and/or manager, liquidator or similar
appointee to take over or to wind up the Borrower, or to place the Borrower under the management of a judicial manager; 

8.1:5 That no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing unremedied; and 

8.1:6 That neither the Borrower nor any of its assets or revenues is entitled to any immunity or privilege (sovereign
or otherwise) from any set-off, judgment, execution, attachment or other legal process. 

8.2 Each of the representations and warranties contained in Clause 8.1 shall survive and continue to have
full force and effect after the execution of this Agreement. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender that the above
representations and warranties will be true and correct and fully observed until the Loan and all other amounts due and payable hereunder
is fully paid. 

9. COVENANTS AND UNDERTAKINGS 

9.1 The Borrower undertakes and covenants with the Lender as follows: 

9.1:1 The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld): 

9.1:1.1 effect any form of reconstruction or amalgamation by way of a scheme of arrangement or otherwise nor approve,
permit or suffer any substantial change of ownership or transfer of any substantial part of its issued capital; 

9.1:1.2 make any loan or advance or extend credit to any person or entity or issue or enter into any guarantee
or indemnity or otherwise become directly, indirectly or contingently liable for the obligations of any other person or entity except
in the ordinary course of business; 

9.1:1.3 sell, lease, license, alienate, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the
undertaking, property or assets whatsoever and wheresoever situate present or future of the Borrower except in the ordinary course of
business; or 

9.1:1.4 amend or alter any provisions in its Memorandum or Articles of Association or such other equivalent constitutional
documents to change its objects, borrowing or charging powers in such a manner so as to adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to
perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under this Agreement. 

10. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

10.1 Each of the following occurrences shall constitute an Event of Default: 

10.1:1 The Borrower fails to pay any sum whether as to principal, interest, fees or any other sum due and payable
hereunder on the Maturity Date or any due date or dates hereunder; or 

10.1:2 The Borrower commits or threatens to commit any breach or fails or threatens not to observe any of the
obligations accepted or undertakings given by its execution and delivery of this Agreement (other than a failure to pay any sum due hereunder)
and such breach or omission is not remedied within seven (7) days after notice of the breach has been given to it; or 

10.1:3 Any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in this Agreement or the Finance
Documents or any notice, certificate, instrument or statement contemplated by or made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Finance
Documents, as the case may be, is incorrect or untrue or ceases to be correct or true in any material respect; or 

10.1:4 Anything is done, suffered or omitted to be done by the Borrower which in the reasonable opinion of the
Lender may imperil the due repayment of any monies for the time being owing by the Borrower to the Lender under this Agreement or the
Finance Documents; or 

10.1:5 If the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or enter into an arrangement
for composition for the benefit of its creditors; or 

10.1:6 An effective resolution is passed, a petition is presented or analogous proceedings are commenced or a
formal order is made by any Relevant Authority, for the winding-up, insolvency, administration, judicial management, dissolution or bankruptcy
of the Borrower, or for the appointment of a receiver and/or manager, liquidator, administrator, trustee, judicial manager or any other
person pursuant to the provision of any agreement or under any Applicable Laws to take over the whole or any part of the undertaking,
property or assets of the Borrower; or 

10.1:7 An encumbrancer takes possession of or a receiver is appointed over or a distress or execution is levied
upon or against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, property or assets of the Borrower and is not discharged within
seven (7) days of the taking of possession or appointment of receiver or levy of execution or distress; or 

10.1:8 If there shall occur a change in the business assets, financial position of the Borrower which in the
reasonable opinion of the Lender materially affects the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
or the Finance Documents; or 

10.1:9 If there shall occur a change in the operations and/or management of the Borrower which in the reasonable
opinion of the Lender materially affects the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the Finance
Documents; or 

10.1:10 This Agreement and/or any the Finance Document is not, or is claimed not to be, in full force and effect. 

10.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies
to which the Lender may be entitled under the Applicable Laws, if any Event of Default shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether
such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of law or otherwise), the Lender may by written
notice to the Borrower declare that (a) the Commitment (or any part thereof) be cancelled and/or (b) the Loan and all other sums of money
due or to become due and payable by the Borrower to the Lender under this Agreement shall immediately become payable to the Lender who
shall be entitled forthwith and without further notice to the Borrower to enforce payment. 

10.3 The Lender shall not be answerable for any involuntary loss incurred by the Borrower resulting from the
exercise or execution of the powers which may be vested in the Lender by virtue of this Agreement or by any Applicable Laws. Without prejudice
to the other provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Lender in full and hold the Lender harmless
from and against any losses, costs, charges or expenses whatsoever, legal or otherwise, which the Lender may sustain, suffer or incur
as a consequence of or in connection with any Event of Default and/or the cancellation of the Commitment (or any part thereof) and/or
the declaration of the Loan (and all other sums of money due or to become due and payable by the Borrower to the Lender under this Agreement)
to be immediately payable as aforesaid. 

11. WAIVER 

11.1 The Lender may from time to time and at any time waive either unconditionally or on such terms and conditions
as it may deem fit any breach by the Borrower of any of the covenants, undertakings, stipulations, terms and conditions herein contained
and in any modification thereof but without prejudice to its powers, rights and remedies for enforcement thereof. Provided always and
it is hereby expressly agreed and declared that any waiver by or neglect or forbearance of the Lender to require and enforce the payment
of any moneys owing hereunder at any time which may be given to the Borrower shall not in any way prejudice or affect the right of the
Lender afterwards at any time to act strictly in accordance with the provisions thereof. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

11.2 The liability of the Borrower hereunder shall not be impaired or discharged by reason of any time or other
indulgence being granted by or with the consent of the Lender to any person who or which may be in any way liable to pay any of the moneys
owing by the Borrower hereunder or by reason of any arrangement being entered into or composition accepted by the Lender modifying by
operation of law or otherwise the rights and remedies of the Lender under the provisions of this Agreement and the Applicable Laws. 

12. SUCCESSORS 

12.1 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lender and their
respective successor(s). All covenants, undertakings, stipulations, agreements, terms, conditions, representations and warranties given,
made or entered into by the Borrower under this Agreement, shall survive the making of any assignments or the result of any succession
in title in connection therewith. 

12.2 The Lender may assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits, duties and obligations hereunder
at any time. The Borrower shall have no right to assign or transfer any of its rights hereunder and it shall remain fully liable for all
of its undertakings and obligations hereunder and for the due and punctual observance and performance thereof. 

12.3 The Borrower hereby acknowledges and consents to the fact that the Lender shall be entitled at any time
and from time to time to disclose to prospective assignees or transferees any information within its knowledge relating to the Borrower,
whether such information has been acquired by the Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise. 

13. COSTS AND EXPENSES 

As separate and independent obligations,
the Borrower shall pay forthwith on demand to the Lender: 

13.1 All legal fees (on a full indemnity basis) and other costs and disbursements whatsoever including but
not limited to stamp or other duties incurred in connection with demanding and enforcing the payment of moneys due hereunder or otherwise
howsoever in enforcing this Agreement or any of the covenants, undertakings, stipulations, terms, conditions or provisions of this Agreement
or any other documents required under the provisions of this Agreement or incurred in connection with any delay or omission on the part
of the Borrower to pay any stamp or other duties in connection with this Agreement or any document ancillary hereto or incurred in the
course of granting of any waiver, consent or variation of this Agreement or any document ancillary thereto. 

14. NOTICE 

14.1 All notices, requests, demands or other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall
be given or made in writing and delivered by post or transmitted by electronic mail or facsimile to the relevant addresses and numbers
specified below: 

14.1:1 
 to the Borrower 
 : 
 Finger Motion Company Limited 

Unit 912, 9/F., Two Harbourfront, 

22 Tak Fung Street, HungHom, 

Kowloon, Hong Kong 

Attention: Mr. Martin Shen 

14.1:2 
 to the Lender 
 : 
 Dr. LIEW YOW MING 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Attention: Dr. Liew 

14.2 Any notice, request or other communication addressed to any Party hereto, whether dispatched by hand or
transmitted by electronic mail or facsimile, shall be effective only upon actual receipt by the addressee. 

15. CURRENCY INDEMNITY 

If under any Applicable Law, any payment
to the Lender under or in connection with this Agreement (whether pursuant to any judgment, court order or otherwise) is made or falls
to be satisfied in a currency (the Other Currency ), other than that in which the relevant payment is due (the Required
Currency ), then, to the extent that the payment (when converted into the Required Currency at the rate of exchange as conclusively
determined by the Lender on the date of payment, or if it is not practicable for the Lender to purchase the Required Currency with the
Other Currency on the date of payment, at the rate of exchange as soon afterwards as it is practicable for them to do so) falls short
of the amount due under the relevant provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower shall, as a separate and independent obligation, indemnify
and hold harmless the Lender against the amount of such shortfall and the Lender shall have a further separate cause of action against
the Borrower to recover the amount of such shortfall. For the purpose of this Clause, rate of exchange means the rate
at which the Lender is able on the date of payment or such other date to purchase the Required Currency with the Other Currency and shall
take into account any premium and other costs of exchange. 

16. LAW AND JURISDICTION 

16.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of Hong
Kong. 

16.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and the documents
contemplated hereunder, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved
by arbitration in Hong Kong. The language of the arbitration shall be English. 

16.3 In the event that recourse to the courts shall be necessary for the purpose of determining any question
of law required to be determined for arbitration, the Parties hereto hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of
Hong Kong. 

17. SEVERABILITY 

If any Clause or sub-Clause
or part of a Clause or sub-Clause in this Agreement is held or found to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be deemed
to be severed from this Agreement but the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

18. ENTIRETY AND MODIFICATION 

18.1 This Agreement embodies all the terms and conditions agreed upon between the Parties hereto as to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and cancels in all respects all previous agreements and undertakings, if any, between
the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether such be written or oral. 

18.2 No modification nor any further representation, promise or agreement in connection with the subject matter
of this Agreement is binding upon any Party unless made in writing and signed by the Parties or the respective authorized representatives
of the Parties hereto. 

19. COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts by any Party or Parties on separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered
shall have the same effect as if the signatures and seals on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement. Such counterpart
executed by one Party may be received by facsimile or electronic mail (and shall be valid and effectual as if executed as an original),
followed by the original delivered to the other Party. 

AS WITNESS the hands of duly authorised
representatives of the Borrower and the Lender respectively, the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER 

SIGNED by 
 Lee Yew Hon 

Name of Borrower s Representative 
 /s/ Lee Yew Hon 

for and on behalf of 

FINGER MOTION COMPANY LIMITED 

in the presence of: 

Name of Witness 

LENDER 

SIGNED by 
 Liew Yow Ming 

Name of Lender 
 /s/ Liew Yow Ming 

in the presence of: 

/s/ Kang May May 

Name of Witness: Kang May May 

APPENDIX A 

To: 
 Dr. Liew Yow Ming 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Date: _______________ 

Dear Sir(s), 

DRAWING NOTICE 

1. We refer to the loan agreement dated 18 July 2024 made between us as borrower and you as the Lender
(the Agreement ). Expressions defined in the Agreement shall have the same meanings when used in this Drawing Notice. 

2. Pursuant to Clause 4 of the Agreement, we hereby give you notice of our intention to affect the Drawdown,
the details of which are set out below: 

2.1 
 Date of intended Drawdown 
 : 
 __________________ 

2.2 
 Amount of the intended Drawdown 
 : 
 SGD___________________ (SINGAPORE DOLLARS ____________________ ONLY) 

2.3 
 Payment instructions 
 : 
 Please remit the full amount as required under this Drawing Notice to the following bank account :- 

Account Name 
 : 
 FINGER MOTION COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 Account No. (SGD) 
 : 
 [ ] 
 
 Bank 
 : 
 [ ] 
 
 Bank Country 
 : 
 [ ] 
 
 Bank Address 
 : 
 [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 
 
 Swift Address 
 : 
 [ ] 
 
 Beneficiary Address 
 : 
 Unit 912, 9/F., Two Harbourfront, 

22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Kowloon, 

Hong Kong 

3. We confirm: 

3.1 that each of the representations and warranties contained in Clause 8 of the Agreement is true and accurate
in every respect; 

3.2 that each of the covenants and undertakings contained in Clause 9 of the Agreement has been complied with
in every respect; and 

3.3 that no Event of Default (as defined in Clause 10) has occurred and remains unremedied. 

4. We represent, warrant and undertake that our above confirmation will continue to be true and accurate
in all respects until the Loan and all other sums due and payable under the Agreement are fully paid and the other obligations (whether
express or implied) under the Agreement are fulfilled by us. 

Yours faithfully, 

for and on behalf of 

FINGER MOTION COMPANY LIMITED 

Name: Martin Shen 

Designation: CEO 

</EX-10>

<EX-31>
 3
 fngr-20240831_10qex31z1.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Martin J. Shen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of FingerMotion,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Martin J. Shen 

Martin J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 fngr-20240831_10qex31z2.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Yew Hon Lee, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of FingerMotion,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Yew Hon Lee 

Yew Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 fngr-20240831_10qex32z1.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Martin Shen,
the Chief Executive Officer of FingerMotion, Inc., and Yew Hon Lee, the Chief Financial Officer of FingerMotion, Inc., each hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FingerMotion, Inc. for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of FingerMotion, Inc. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Martin J. Shen 

Martin J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yew Hon Lee 

Yew Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to FingerMotion, Inc. and will be retained
by FingerMotion, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fngr-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fngr-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fngr-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fngr-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

