<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1144980_0001144980-24-000148.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9429476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144179</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1484405</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3935459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1987837</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1680737</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144980-24-000148.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030161745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144980-24-000148
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001144980
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				010609375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31262
		FILM NUMBER:		241410593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2905 PREMIERE PARKWAY NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30097
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-418-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2905 PREMIERE PARKWAY NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30097

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144980-24-000148.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 abg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

abg-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Trading Title of each class Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

Table of Contents 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I Financial Information Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 PART II Other Information Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors 
 53 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 53 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 54 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 55 
 Signatures 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except par value and share data) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Contracts-in-transit, net Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets INVESTMENTS PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net OPERATING LEASE RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS GOODWILL INTANGIBLE FRANCHISE RIGHTS OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Floor plan notes payable trade, net Floor plan notes payable non-trade, net Current maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of operating leases Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue current Liabilities associated with assets held for sale Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT LONG-TERM LEASE LIABILITY DEFERRED REVENUE DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 14) par value; shares authorized; issued 
 or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, including shares held in treasury, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE: New vehicle Used vehicle Parts and service Finance and insurance, net TOTAL REVENUE COST OF SALES: New vehicle Used vehicle Parts and service Finance and insurance TOTAL COST OF SALES GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation and amortization Asset impairments INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME): Floor plan interest expense Other interest expense, net Gain on dealership divestitures ) ) ) Total other expenses, net INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax expense NET INCOME EARNINGS PER SHARE: Basic Net income Diluted Net income WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING: Basic Restricted stock Performance share units Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income: Change in fair value of cash flow swaps ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) associated with cash flow swaps ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit associated with available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Comprehensive income 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax expense 
 Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures, in connection with share-based payment arrangements Share repurchases ) ) Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, March 31, 2024 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Comprehensive income ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures in connection with share-based payment arrangements Share repurchases ) ) Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Unrealized gain on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax expense 
 Comprehensive income ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures in connection with share-based payment arrangements Share repurchases ) ) Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Retirement of previously repurchased common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Unrealized gain on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax expense 
 Comprehensive income ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures, in connection with share-based payment arrangements Share repurchases ) ) Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, March 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax expense 
 Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures in connection with share-based payment arrangements Share repurchases ) ) Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Comprehensive Income: Net income Change in fair value of cash flow swaps, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax expense 
 Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment and million tax benefit 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures in connection with share-based payment arrangements Repurchase of common stock associated with net share settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes Asset impairments Gains on investments ) ) Loaner vehicle amortization Gain on divestitures ) ) Change in right-of-use assets Other adjustments, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures Contracts-in-transit Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets, net ) ) Floor plan notes payable trade, net Deferred revenue Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures excluding real estate ) ) Capital expenditures real estate ) Purchase of previously leased real estate ) Acquisitions ) Proceeds from dealership divestitures Purchases of debt securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from the sale of debt securities available-for-sale Proceeds from the sale of equity securities Proceeds from the disposition of assets Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Floor plan borrowings non-trade Floor plan repayments non-trade ) ) Floor plan repayments non-trade divestitures ) Repayments of borrowings ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayments of revolving credit facility ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Repurchases of common stock, associated with net share settlements of employee share-based awards ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 
 
 See Note 12 "Supplemental Cash Flow Information" for further details 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 new vehicle franchises dealership locations), representing brands of automobiles, and collision centers in states. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our new vehicle revenue brand mix consisted of luxury, imports and domestic brands. Our stores offer an extensive range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles; parts and service, which includes repair and maintenance services, replacement parts and collision repair services (collectively referred to as "parts and services" or "P S"); and finance and insurance ("F I") products, including arranging vehicle financing through third parties and aftermarket products, such as extended service contracts, guaranteed asset protection ("GAP") debt cancellation and prepaid maintenance. The finance and insurance products are provided by independent third parties and Total Care Auto, Powered by Landcar ("TCA"). The Company reflects its operations in reportable segments: Dealerships and TCA. 
 shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program and during the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did repurchase and retire any shares of our common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased and shares and retired and , shares of our common stock under our 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On May 15, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase of million in the Company's common share repurchase authorization to million (the "New Share Repurchase Authorization"). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million remaining on its share repurchase authorization. The share repurchase authorization does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without further notice. 
 and restricted share units and and performance share units issued under the Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan from its computation of diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company excluded and restricted share units and and performance share units issued under the Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan from its computation of diluted earnings per share, respectively, because they were anti-dilutive. For all periods presented, there were no adjustments to the numerator necessary to compute diluted earnings per share. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Used vehicle retail Used vehicle wholesale New and used vehicle Sale of vehicle parts and accessories Vehicle repair and maintenance services Parts and services Finance and insurance, net Total revenue 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Revenue: New vehicle Used vehicle retail Used vehicle wholesale New and used vehicle Sale of vehicle parts and accessories Vehicle repair and maintenance services Parts and service Finance and insurance, net Total revenue 
 Contract Assets 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Transferred to receivables from contract assets recognized at the beginning of the period ) ) ) Amortization of costs to obtain a contract with a customer ) ) Costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer Increases related to revenue recognized, inclusive of adjustments to constraint, during the period Balance as of March 31, 2024 Contract Assets (current), March 31, 2024 Contract Assets (long-term), March 31, 2024 Transferred to receivables from contract assets recognized at the beginning of the period ) ) ) Amortization of costs to obtain a contract with a customer ) ) Costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer Increases related to revenue recognized, inclusive of adjustments to constraint, during the period Balance as of June 30, 2024 Contract Assets (current), June 30, 2024 Contract Assets (long-term), June 30, 2024 Transferred to receivables from contract assets recognized at the beginning of the period ) ) ) Amortization of costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer ) ) Costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer Increases related to revenue recognized, inclusive of adjustments to constraint, during the period Balance as of September 30, 2024 Contract Assets (current), September 30, 2024 Contract Assets (long-term), September 30, 2024 
 Deferred Revenue 
 The condensed consolidated balance sheets reflect million and million of deferred revenue as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Approximately million of deferred revenue at December 31, 2023 was recorded in finance and insurance, net revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 new vehicle dealerships, collision centers and the real property related thereto, for a total purchase price of approximately billion, which includes million of new vehicle floor plan financing and million of assets held for sale related to Koons Lexus of Wilmington. The preliminary purchase price was paid in cash. 
 New vehicle floor plan facility Used vehicle floor plan facility Preliminary purchase price 
 Under the acquisition method of accounting, the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair value based on information currently available. 
 Other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible franchise rights Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The preliminary acquisition accounting is based upon the Company s estimates of fair value. The estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the related preliminary acquisition accounting are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including the books and records of Koons. Our estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date. The areas of acquisition accounting that are not yet finalized primarily relate to the following significant items: (i) finalizing the review and valuation of inventory, land, land improvements, buildings and non-real property and equipment (including the models, key assumptions, estimates and inputs used) and assignment of remaining useful lives associated with the depreciable assets, and (ii) finalizing the review and valuation of manufacturer franchise rights (including key assumptions, inputs and estimates). As the initial acquisition accounting is based on our preliminary assessments, actual values may differ (possibly materially) when final information becomes available that differs from our current estimates. We believe that the information gathered to date provides a reasonable basis for estimating the preliminary fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We will continue to evaluate these items until they are satisfactorily resolved and adjust our acquisition 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million of the purchase price was assigned to the indefinite lived franchise rights intangible assets related to the dealer agreements applicable to each new vehicle dealership. In addition, goodwill of million was recognized and is primarily attributable to the anticipated synergies that Asbury expects to derive from the Koons acquisition as well as the acquired assembled workforce of the Koons dealerships. 
 The Company's consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included revenue and net income attributable to the Jim Koons Dealerships of million and million, respectively. 
 Other Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 There were acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold Lexus franchise dealership location) in Wilmington, Delaware due to OEM requirements in connection with the Koons acquisition, Nissan franchise dealership location) in Denver, Colorado, Nissan franchise dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia, Chevrolet franchise dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia and Honda franchise dealership location) in Spokane, Washington. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain totaling million, which is presented in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income as a gain on dealership divestitures. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold Acura franchise dealership location) in Austin, Texas. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain totaling million, which is presented in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income as a gain on dealership divestitures. 
 
 4. 
 Manufacturer receivables Other receivables Total accounts receivable Less Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 5. 
 Used vehicles Parts and accessories Total inventories, net (a) ___________________________ 
 (a) Inventories, net as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, excluded million and million classified as assets held for sale, respectively. 
 The lower of cost and net realizable value reserves reduced total inventories by million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, certain automobile manufacturer incentives reduced new vehicle inventory cost by million and million, respectively, and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Loaners, net Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Franchise rights Total assets held for sale Liabilities: Current maturities of operating leases Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities associated with assets held for sale Net assets held for sale 
 As of September 30, 2024, assets held for sale consisted of franchises dealership locations) in addition to real estate property not currently used in our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2023, assets held for sale consisted of franchises dealership locations) in addition to real estate property not currently used in our operations. 
 
 7. 
 
 U.S. Treasury Municipal Corporate Mortgage and other asset-backed securities ) Total investments ) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. Treasury ) Municipal ) Corporate ) Mortgage and other asset-backed securities ) Total investments ) 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million of accrued interest receivable, respectively, which is included in other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not consider accrued interest receivable in the carrying amount of financial assets held at amortized cost basis or in the allowance for credit losses. 
 Due in 1-5 years Due in 6-10 years Due after 10 years Total by maturity Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Total investment securities 
 There were million gross losses and million gross gains realized related to the sale of available-for-sale debt securities carried at fair value for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were million gross losses and million gross gains realized related to the sale of available-for-sale debt securities carried at fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 There were million and million gross gains realized, respectively, related to the sale of available-for-sale debt securities carried at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were million gross losses realized related to the sale of available-for-sale debt securities carried at fair value for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were gross gains and gross losses realized related to the sale of equity securities carried at fair value for the three months ended September 30, 2023. There were million gross gains and million gross losses realized, respectively, related to the sale of equity securities carried at fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury Municipal Corporate Mortgage and other asset-backed securities ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months Greater than 12 Months Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses (In millions) Short-term investments ) ) U.S. Treasury ) ) ) Municipal ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Mortgage and other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) 
 The Company reviews the investment securities portfolio at the security level on a quarterly basis for potential credit losses, which takes into consideration numerous factors including changes in credit ratings. The decline in fair value identified in the tables above are a result of widening market spreads and not a result of credit quality. Additionally, the Company has determined it has both the intent and ability to hold these investments until the market price recovers or until maturity and does not believe it will be required to sell the securities before maturity. Accordingly, credit losses were recognized on these securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 8. 
 million pre-tax non-cash impairment charge during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 The stores with franchise rights impairments in the second quarter of 2024 primarily related to our Arizona and Utah reporting units within our Dealerships segment. Therefore, we performed quantitative impairment assessments of goodwill for 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to one dealership that met the assets held for sale criteria in June 2024. The quantitative impairment test of the disposal group included a comparison of the estimated fair value to the carrying value of the disposal group less cost to sell. 
 
 9. 
 Floor plan notes payable offset account ) ) Floor plan notes payable trade, net Floor plan notes payable new non-trade Floor plan notes payable used non-trade Floor plan notes payable offset account ) ) Floor plan notes payable non-trade, net 
 We have floor plan offset accounts that allow us to offset our floor plan notes payable balances outstanding with transfers of cash to reduce the amount of outstanding floor plan notes payable that would otherwise accrue interest, while retaining the ability to transfer amounts from the offset account into our operating cash accounts within the same day. 
 We have the ability to convert a portion of our availability under the Revolving Credit Facility to the New Vehicle Floor Plan Facility or the Used Vehicle Floor Plan Facility. The maximum amount we are allowed to convert is determined based on our aggregate revolving commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility, less million. In addition, we are able to convert any amounts moved to the New Vehicle Floor Plan Facility or Used Vehicle Floor Plan Facility back to the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 In addition to our new and used vehicle floor plan facilities, we have loaner vehicle floor plan facilities with Bank of America and certain original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). Loaner vehicles notes payable related to Bank of America as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. Loaner vehicles notes payable related to OEMs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Mortgage notes payable bearing interest at fixed rates 2021 Real Estate Facility 2021 BofA Real Estate Facility 2018 Bank of America Facility 2018 Wells Fargo Master Loan Facility 2015 Wells Fargo Master Loan Facility 2023 Syndicated Revolving Credit Facility Finance lease liability Total debt outstanding Add unamortized premium on Senior Notes due 2028 
 Add unamortized premium on Senior Notes due 2030 
 Less debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion Less current portion, net of current portion of debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 Mortgage Financings 
 We have multiple mortgage agreements with finance companies affiliated with our vehicle manufacturers ("captive mortgages"). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we modified the captive mortgages to extend the payment term and maturity of the captive mortgages to August 2034. In addition, the interest rate was amended to over the revised term. As of September 30, 2024, we had total captive mortgage notes payable outstanding of million which are collateralized by the associated real estate. 
 
 11. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Total carrying value Fair Value: Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Total fair value 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
 We currently have interest rate swap agreements. These swaps are designed to provide a hedge against changes in variable rate cash flows regarding fluctuations in the SOFR rate. 
 December 2026 January 2022 December 2031 May 2021 May 2031 July 2020 December 2028 July 2020 November 2025 June 2015 February 2025 
 The fair value of cash flow swaps is calculated as the present value of expected future cash flows, determined on the basis of forward interest rates and present value factors. Fair value estimates reflect a credit adjustment to the discount rate applied to all 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million asset as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Other long-term assets Total fair value 
 Our interest rate swaps qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. These interest rate swaps are marked to market at each reporting date and any unrealized gains or losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to interest expense in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. Other interest expense, net ) 2023 Other interest expense, net ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Results Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Location of Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) to Earnings 
 Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) to Earnings 2024 Other interest expense, net ) 2023 Other interest expense, net ) 
 On the basis of yield curve conditions as of September 30, 2024 and including assumptions about future changes in fair value, we expect the amount to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months will be gains of million. 
 Investments 
 Short-term investments U.S. Treasury Municipal Corporate Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Total 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments U.S. Treasury Municipal Corporate Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Total 
 We review the fair value hierarchy classifications each reporting period. Changes in the observability of the valuation attributes may result in a reclassification of certain investments. Such reclassifications are reported as transfers in and out of Level 3, or between other levels, at the beginning fair value for the reporting period in which the changes occur. 
 Available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value and any unrealized gains or losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to finance and insurance, net revenue in the period or periods during which the debt securities are sold and the gains or losses are realized. Revenue-Finance and insurance, net 2023 ) Revenue-Finance and insurance, net ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Results Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Location of Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) to Earnings 
 Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) to Earnings 2024 Revenue-Finance and insurance, net 2023 ) Revenue-Finance and insurance, net ) 
 
 12. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we made income tax payments, net of refunds received, totaling million and million, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we transferred million and million, respectively, of loaner vehicles from other current assets to inventories on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The aforementioned amounts are included in changes in inventories in the operating activities section of the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 

13. 
 reportable segments: (1) Dealerships and (2) TCA. Our dealership operations are organized by management into geographic market-based groups within the Dealerships segment. The operations of our F I product provider are reflected within our TCA segment. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker is our Chief Executive Officer who manages the business, regularly reviews financial information and allocates resources at the geographic market level for our dealerships and at the TCA segment level for our F I product provider's operations. The geographic dealership group operating segments have been aggregated into one reportable segment as their operations (i) have similar economic characteristics (our markets all have similar long-term average gross margins), (ii) offer similar products and services (all of our markets offer new and used vehicles, parts and service, and finance and insurance products), (iii) have similar customers, (iv) have similar distribution and marketing practices (all of our markets distribute products and services through dealership facilities that market to customers in similar ways), and (v) operate under similar regulatory environments. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ) Gross profit Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Dealerships TCA Eliminations Total Company (In millions) Revenue ) Gross profit ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Dealerships TCA Eliminations Total Company (In millions) Revenue ) Gross profit 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Dealerships TCA Eliminations Total Company (In millions) Revenue ) Gross profit 

Total assets by segment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows: 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 Dealerships TCA Eliminations Total Company (In millions) Total assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Dealerships TCA Eliminations Total Company (In millions) Total assets 
 
 14. 
 of its dealerships. We responded to the CID by producing information and documents for the period August 1, 2019 to April 24, 2023. On February 8, 2024, the FTC staff 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 of our dealerships had violated Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act FTC Act and certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA in connection with the sale of add-on products (e.g., vehicle service contracts, maintenance plans, etc.), and advising that it would recommend the filing of an enforcement action if the Company did not settle the FTC s claims. On August 16, 2024, after discussions with the FTC stalled, the FTC initiated an administrative proceeding by filing an enforcement action against the Company. On October 4, 2024, the Company filed suit against the FTC in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, seeking to enjoin the FTC s administrative proceeding on the ground that the administrative proceeding was unconstitutional. While the Company disputes the FTC s allegations that it violated the FTC Act and the ECOA, we are unable to reasonably predict the possible outcome of this matter at this time, or provide a reasonably possible range of loss, if any. There can be no assurance that the Company will succeed in either the FTC s administrative proceeding against the Company or in the Company s lawsuit against the FTC, and the FTC s allegations, whether meritorious or not, may adversely affect our ability to attract customers, result in the loss of existing customers, harm our reputation and cause us to incur defense costs and other expenses. 
 Our dealerships are party to dealer and framework agreements with applicable vehicle manufacturers. In accordance with these agreements, each dealership has certain rights and is subject to restrictions typical in the industry. The ability of these manufacturers to influence the operations of the dealerships or the loss of any of these agreements could have a materially negative impact on our operating results. 
 In some instances, manufacturers may have the right, and may direct us, to implement costly capital improvements to dealerships as a condition to entering into, renewing, or extending franchise agreements with them. Manufacturers also typically require that their franchises meet specific standards of appearance. These factors, either alone or in combination, could cause us to use our financial resources on capital projects for which we might not have planned or otherwise determined to undertake. 
 From time to time, we and our dealerships are or may become involved in various claims relating to, and arising out of, our business and our operations. These claims may involve, but not be limited to, financial and other audits by vehicle manufacturers or lenders and certain federal, state, and local government authorities, which have historically related primarily to (i) incentive and warranty payments received from vehicle manufacturers, or allegations of violations of manufacturer agreements or policies, (ii) compliance with lender rules and covenants, and (iii) payments made to government authorities relating to federal, state, and local taxes, as well as compliance with other government regulations. Claims may also arise through litigation, government proceedings, and other dispute resolution processes. Such claims, including class actions, could relate to, but may not be limited to, the practice of charging administrative fees and other fees and commissions, employment-related matters, truth-in-lending and other dealer assisted financing obligations, contractual disputes, actions brought by governmental authorities, and other matters. 
 We evaluate pending and threatened claims and establish loss contingency reserves based upon outcomes we currently believe to be probable and reasonably estimable. Based on our review of the various types of claims currently known to us, there is no indication of material reasonably possible losses in excess of amounts accrued in the aggregate. We currently do not anticipate that any known claim will materially adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. However, the outcome of any matter cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution of one or more matters presently known or arising in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our business involves the sale of vehicles, parts, or vehicles composed of parts that are manufactured outside the United States. As a result, our operations are subject to customary risks of importing merchandise, including fluctuations in the relative values of currencies, import duties, exchange controls, trade restrictions, work stoppages, and general political and socio-economic conditions in foreign countries. The United States or the countries from which our products are imported may, from time-to-time, impose new quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, or adjust presently prevailing quotas, duties, or tariffs, which may affect our operations, and our ability to purchase imported vehicles and/or parts at reasonable prices. 
 Substantially all of our facilities are subject to federal, state and local provisions regarding the discharge of materials into the environment. Compliance with these provisions has not had, nor do we expect such compliance to have, any material effect upon our capital expenditures, net earnings, financial condition, liquidity or competitive position. We believe that our current practices and procedures for the control and disposition of such materials comply with applicable federal, state, and local requirements. No assurances can be provided, however, that future laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, would not require us to expend significant resources in order to comply therewith. 
 We had million of letters of credit outstanding as of September 30, 2024, which are required by certain of our insurance providers. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we maintained a million surety bond line in the ordinary course of our business. Our letters of credit and surety bond line are considered to be off balance sheet arrangements. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 Certain of the discussions and information included or incorporated by reference in this report may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical in nature and may include statements relating to our goals, plans and projections regarding industry and general economic trends, our expected financial position, results of operations or market position and our business strategy. Such statements can generally be identified by words such as "may," "target," "could," "would," "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "foresee," and other similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements may also relate to our expectations and assumptions with respect to, among other things: 
 
 the seasonally adjusted annual rate of new vehicle sales in the United States; 
 general economic conditions and its expected impact on our revenue and expenses; 
 our expected parts and service revenue due to, among other things, improvements in vehicle technology; 
 our ability to limit our exposure to regional economic downturns due to our geographic diversity and brand mix; 
 manufacturers' continued use of incentive programs to drive demand for their product offerings; 
 our capital allocation strategy, including as it relates to acquisitions and divestitures, stock repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures; 
 our revenue growth strategy; 
 the growth of the brands that comprise our portfolio over the long-term; 
 disruptions in the production and supply of vehicles and parts from our vehicle and parts manufacturers and other suppliers, which can disrupt our operations; 
 our estimated future capital expenditures, which can be impacted by increasing prices and labor shortages and acquisitions and divestitures; and 
 the impact of the CDK Global cyber incident. 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: 
 the ability to acquire and successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations and realize expected benefits and synergies from such acquisitions; 
 the effects of increased expenses or unanticipated liabilities incurred as a result of, or due to activities related to our acquisitions or divestitures; 
 changes in general economic and business conditions, including the current inflationary environment, the current interest rate environment, changes in employment levels, consumer confidence levels, consumer demand and preferences, the availability and cost of credit, fuel prices and levels of discretionary personal income; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows, maintain our liquidity and obtain any necessary additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, debt maturity payments and other corporate purposes, if necessary or desirable; 
 significant disruptions in the production and delivery of vehicles and parts for any reason, including supply shortages, natural disasters, severe weather, civil unrest, product recalls, work stoppages or other occurrences that are outside of our control; 
 our ability to successfully attract and retain skilled employees; 
 our ability to successfully operate, including our ability to maintain, and obtain future necessary regulatory approvals, for Total Care Auto, Powered by Landcar ("TCA"), our finance and insurance ("F I ") product provider; 
 adverse conditions affecting the vehicle manufacturers whose brands we sell, and their ability to design, manufacture, deliver and market their vehicles successfully; 
 changes in the mix and total number of vehicles we are able to sell; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 our outstanding indebtedness and our continued ability to comply with applicable covenants in our various financing and lease agreements, or to obtain waivers of these covenants as necessary; 
 high levels of competition in our industry, which may create pricing and margin pressures on our products and services; 
 our relationships with manufacturers of the vehicles we sell and our ability to renew, and enter into new framework and dealer agreements with vehicle manufacturers whose brands we sell, on terms acceptable to us; 
 the availability of manufacturer incentive programs and our ability to earn these incentives; 
 failure of our, or those of our third-party service providers, management information systems; 
 any data security breaches occurring, including with regard to personally identifiable information ("PII"); 
 changes in laws and regulations governing the operation of automobile franchises, including trade restrictions, consumer protections, accounting standards, taxation requirements and environmental laws; 
 changes in, or the imposition of, new tariffs or trade restrictions on imported vehicles or parts; 
 adverse results from litigation, regulatory investigations or other similar proceedings involving us, including costs, expenses, settlements and judgments related thereto; 
 our ability to consummate planned or pending mergers, acquisitions and dispositions; 
 any disruptions in the financial markets, which may impact our ability to access capital; 
 disruptions in our operations caused by, among other things, natural disasters; 
 our relationships with, and the financial stability of, our lenders and lessors; 
 our ability to execute our initiatives and other strategies; and 
 our ability to leverage scale and cost structure to improve operating efficiencies across our dealership portfolio. 
 Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict, and their ultimate impact could be material. Moreover, the factors set forth under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and other cautionary statements made in this report should be read and considered as forward-looking statements subject to such uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are one of the largest automotive retailers in the United States. As of September 30, 2024, through our Dealerships segment, we owned and operated 202 new vehicle franchises (153 dealership locations), representing 31 brands of automobiles, and 37 collision centers within 14 states. Our stores offer an extensive range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles; parts and service, which includes repair and maintenance services, replacement parts and collision repair services; and finance and insurance products. The finance and insurance products are provided by both independent third parties and TCA. The F I products offered by TCA are sold through affiliated dealerships. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our new vehicle revenue brand mix consisted of 29 luxury, 41 imports and 29 domestic brands. The Company manages its operations in two reportable segments: Dealerships and TCA. Amounts presented have been calculated using non-rounded amounts for all periods presented and therefore certain amounts may not compute. 
 Our Dealerships segment revenues are derived primarily from: (i) the sale of new vehicles; (ii) the sale of used vehicles to individual retail customers ("used retail") and to other dealers at auction ("wholesale") (the terms "used retail" and "wholesale" collectively referred to as "used"); (iii) repair and maintenance services, including collision repair, the sale of automotive replacement parts, and the reconditioning of used vehicles (collectively referred to as "parts and service"); and (iv) the arrangement of third-party vehicle financing and the sale of a number of vehicle protection products. We evaluate the results of our new and used vehicle sales based on unit volumes and gross profit per vehicle sold, our parts and service operations based on aggregate gross profit, and our F I business based on F I gross profit per vehicle sold. 
 Our TCA segment revenues, reflected in F I revenue, net, are derived from the sale of various vehicle protection products including vehicle service contracts, GAP, prepaid maintenance contracts, and appearance protection contracts. These products are sold through company-owned dealerships. TCA's F I revenues also include investment gains or losses and income earned associated with the performance of TCA's investment portfolio. 
 Our TCA segment gross profit margin can vary due to incurred claims expense and the performance of our investment portfolio. Certain F I products may result in higher gross profit margins to TCA. Therefore, the product mix of F I products sold by TCA can affect the gross profits earned. In addition, interest rate volatility, based on economic and market conditions 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 outside the control of the Company, may increase or reduce TCA segment gross profit margins as well as the fair market values of certain securities within our investment portfolio. Fair market values typically fluctuate inversely to the fluctuations in interest rates. 
 Selling, general, and administrative ("SG A") expenses consist primarily of fixed and incentive-based compensation, advertising, rent, insurance, utilities, and other customary operating expenses. A significant portion of our cost structure is variable (such as sales commissions) or controllable (such as advertising), which we believe allows us to adapt to changes in the retail environment over the long-term. We evaluate commissions paid to salespeople as a percentage of retail vehicle gross profit, advertising expense on a per vehicle retailed basis, and all other SG A expenses in the aggregate as a percentage of total gross profit. 
 Our continued organic growth is dependent upon the execution of our balanced automotive retailing and service business strategy, the continued strength of our brand mix and the production and allocation of desirable vehicles from the automobile manufacturers whose brands we sell. Our vehicle sales have historically fluctuated with product availability as well as local and national economic conditions, including consumer confidence, availability of consumer credit, fuel prices and employment levels. 
 In addition, our ability to sell certain new and used vehicles can be negatively impacted by a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Certain manufacturers continue to be hampered by the lack of availability of parts and key components from suppliers which has impacted new vehicle inventory levels and availability of certain parts. We cannot predict with any certainty how long the automotive retail industry will continue to be subject to these production slowdowns or when normalized production will resume at these manufacturers. 
 Recent Events 
 Hurricanes Helene and Milton 
 In September 2024, Hurricane Helene affected our store operations in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. With Hurricane Helene, stores in the path of the storm closed their doors early and many remained offline even after the storm passed due to power outages. Temporary store closures and reduced customer traffic in the days leading up to the storm and immediately afterwards resulted in fewer new and used vehicle unit sales along with lost business in fixed operations. We estimate the impact of the storm on diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to be between 0.07 and 0.09 per share. 
 As it relates to Hurricane Milton that occurred in early October, while we are still assessing the operational and financial impacts from this storm, we believe the magnitude of the impact on our business will be greater than Hurricane Helene. The size and path of the storm placed it over a larger section of our store footprint and the damage to our dealership locations was more extensive. A higher number of stores closed for a longer period compared to Helene. Additionally, several locations experienced flooding, partial loss of vehicle inventories and extended power outages. Other locations had varying degrees of wind and water damage preventing them from reopening in a timely manner. 
 Stop sale orders for certain Toyota, Lexus and BMW models 
 The stop sale orders for certain Toyota, Lexus and BMW models during the third quarter of 2024 impacted volumes on some of our most profitable and in-demand vehicles. A stop sale order is a notification from a manufacturer or the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that prohibits the sale or lease of a new or used vehicle due to a safety recall, defect or noncompliance. The Toyota Grand Highlander and Lexus TX models have been popular vehicles with healthy gross profit margins. Based on the pre-stop sale trends for these models, we estimate the impact from this event resulted in nearly 1,200 fewer new units sold for the quarter. We estimate the impact of the Toyota, Lexus and BMW stop sale orders on diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to be between 0.32 and 0.34 per share. In addition to Hurricane Milton, we are also continuing to evaluate the fourth quarter impact of the stop sales for certain Toyota, Lexus and BMW models, along with the recent Honda stop sale order for several of their more popular models. 
 CDK outage 
 During June 2024, one of the Company s vendors (CDK Global) experienced a cyber-incident impacting certain services provided to the Company and many other automotive retailers, including the Company s sales, service, inventory, customer relationship management, and accounting functions. Upon discovery of the incident, we took immediate precautionary steps to protect our systems. Beginning on June 19, 2024, the outage affected all Asbury locations, with the exception of our Koons stores which utilize a different dealer management system. All functions of CDK were not fully restored for us until July 8, 2024, with other plug-ins and bolt-on applications coming back online in the weeks thereafter. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The CDK outage had a negative impact on our financial results during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 as a result of fewer new and used vehicle sales, which also impacted our F I business, a reduction in parts and service volumes and certain incremental expenses related to our recovery efforts. We estimated the earnings per share for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, was negatively impacted between 0.95 and 1.15 per diluted share, without taking into account any potential recoveries related to the incident. The CDK Global cyber incident is not expected to continue to impact the Company s operations and results in future periods. 
 
 We have cybersecurity insurance coverage of 15.0 million, with a 2.5 million deductible. The timing of recovering some portion of our losses through insurance or other recoveries is difficult to predict. The insurance recoveries we receive, if any, may not occur for several quarters or longer. 
 
 Acquisition of Jim Koons Dealerships 
 On December 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets, including all real property and businesses, of the Jim Koons Dealerships ("Koons") pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement with various entities that comprise the Jim Koons automotive dealerships group (the "Koons acquisition"). The Koons acquisition comprised 20 new vehicle dealerships and six collision centers. 
 Financial Highlights 
 Highlights related to our financial condition and results of operations include the following: 
 Consolidated revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 12.68 billion, compared to 10.99 billion for the prior year. 
 Consolidated gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 2.20 billion, compared to 2.08 billion for the prior year. 
 The increase in consolidated revenue and gross profit is primarily due to the effects of the Koons acquisition, offset by lower gross profit per vehicle sold for both new and used vehicles as margins continue to shift downward from the historic highs in recent years. 
 Our capital allocation priorities were supported by the repurchase of 826,340 shares for 182.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The Company's operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include the results of the Koons dealerships acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023. Accordingly, the increases in revenue and gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are largely a result of this acquisition. 
 We assess the organic growth of our revenue and gross profit on a same store basis. We believe that our assessment on a same store basis represents an important indicator of comparative financial performance and provides relevant information to assess our performance. As such, for the following discussion, same store amounts consist of information from dealerships for identical months in each comparative period, commencing with the first full month we owned the dealership. Additionally, amounts related to divested dealerships are excluded from each comparative period. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) REVENUE: New vehicle 2,163.5 1,861.9 301.6 16 Used vehicle 1,294.7 1,111.7 183.0 16 Parts and service 593.1 526.5 66.6 13 Finance and insurance, net 185.4 166.1 19.3 12 TOTAL REVENUE 4,236.7 3,666.2 570.5 16 GROSS PROFIT: New vehicle 150.4 168.3 (17.9) (11) Used vehicle 59.4 62.1 (2.7) (4) Parts and service 337.1 291.1 46.0 16 Finance and insurance, net 171.2 152.0 19.2 13 TOTAL GROSS PROFIT 718.0 673.5 44.5 7 OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling, general, and administrative 466.5 391.7 74.8 19 Depreciation and amortization 18.9 17.0 1.9 11 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 232.7 264.7 (32.1) (12) OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME): Floor plan interest expense 22.3 22.3 NM Other interest expense, net 45.7 38.7 7.0 18 Gain on dealership divestitures (5.0) (5.0) NM Total other expenses, net 63.0 38.7 24.2 63 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 169.7 226.0 (56.3) (25) Income tax expense 43.4 56.8 (13.4) (24) NET INCOME 126.3 169.2 (42.9) (25) Net income per common share Diluted 6.37 8.19 (1.81) (22) 
 ______________________________ 
 NM Not Meaningful 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 REVENUE MIX PERCENTAGES: New vehicle 51.1 50.8 Used vehicle retail 27.1 27.7 Used vehicle wholesale 3.5 2.6 Parts and service 14.0 14.4 Finance and insurance, net 4.4 4.5 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 GROSS PROFIT MIX PERCENTAGES: New vehicle 20.9 25.0 Used vehicle retail 7.8 8.9 Used vehicle wholesale 0.5 0.3 Parts and service 46.9 43.2 Finance and insurance, net 23.8 22.6 Total gross profit 100.0 100.0 GROSS PROFIT MARGIN 16.9 18.4 SG A EXPENSE AS A PERCENTAGE OF GROSS PROFIT 65.0 58.2 
 Total revenue during the third quarter of 2024 increased by 570.5 million (16 compared to the third quarter of 2023, due to a 301.6 million (16 increase in new vehicle revenue, a 183.0 million (16 increase in used vehicle revenue, a 66.6 million (13 increase in parts and service revenue and a 19.3 million (12 increase in F I, net revenue. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, gross profit increased by 44.5 million (7 driven by a 46.0 million (16 increase in parts and service gross profit and a 19.2 million (13 increase in F I gross profit partially offset by a 17.9 million (11 decrease in new vehicle gross profit and a 2.7 million (4 decrease in used vehicle gross profit. The increase in revenue and gross profit is largely attributable to the Koons acquisition; however, the gross profit increase was partially offset by the declining margins for new and used vehicles. 
 Income from operations during the third quarter of 2024 decreased by 32.1 million (12 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to a 74.8 million (19 increase in SG A expense, partially offset by 44.5 million (7 increase in gross profit. 
 Total other expenses, net increased by 24.2 million (63 during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily as a result of a 22.3 million increase in floor plan interest expense, partially offset by a 5.0 million increase in gain on dealership divestitures. Income before income taxes decreased 56.3 million (25 to 169.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Overall, net income decreased by 42.9 million (25 during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 New Vehicle 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Revenue: Luxury 639.2 581.3 57.9 10 Import 897.0 761.7 135.2 18 Domestic 627.3 518.9 108.5 21 Total new vehicle revenue 2,163.5 1,861.9 301.6 16 Gross profit: Luxury 61.8 61.6 0.3 Import 56.4 68.0 (11.6) (17) Domestic 32.1 38.7 (6.6) (17) Total new vehicle gross profit 150.4 168.3 (17.9) (11) New vehicle units: Luxury 8,951 8,150 801 10 Import 22,500 19,659 2,841 14 Domestic 11,156 9,037 2,119 23 Total new vehicle units 42,607 36,846 5,761 16 Same Store: Revenue: Luxury 623.9 584.0 39.9 7 Import 766.5 744.5 22.0 3 Domestic 443.7 513.2 (69.5) (14) Total new vehicle revenue 1,834.1 1,841.7 (7.6) Gross profit: Luxury 61.1 61.6 (0.5) (1) Import 44.8 66.9 (22.2) (33) Domestic 20.3 38.4 (18.2) (47) Total new vehicle gross profit 126.2 167.0 (40.8) (24) New vehicle units Luxury 8,730 8,184 546 7 Import 19,421 19,198 223 1 Domestic 7,780 8,929 (1,149) (13) Total new vehicle units 35,931 36,311 (380) (1) 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 New Vehicle Metrics 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 As Reported: Revenue per new vehicle sold 50,778 50,531 247 Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,529 4,567 (1,037) (23) New vehicle gross margin 7.0 9.0 (2.1) Luxury: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 6,906 7,553 (646) (9) New vehicle gross margin 9.7 10.6 (0.9) Import: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,508 3,458 (950) (27) New vehicle gross margin 6.3 8.9 (2.6) Domestic: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,881 4,286 (1,405) (33) New vehicle gross margin 5.1 7.5 (2.3) Same Store: Revenue per new vehicle sold 51,044 50,719 325 1 Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,512 4,599 (1,087) (24) New vehicle gross margin 6.9 9.1 (2.2) Luxury: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 7,003 7,529 (527) (7) New vehicle gross margin 9.8 10.6 (0.8) Import: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,305 3,486 (1,181) (34) New vehicle gross margin 5.8 9.0 (3.1) Domestic: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,606 4,306 (1,701) (39) New vehicle gross margin 4.6 7.5 (2.9) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, new vehicle revenue increased by 301.6 million (16 due to a 135.2 million (18 increase in import brands revenue, a 108.5 million (21 increase in domestic brands revenue and a 57.9 million (10 increase in luxury brands revenue. Same store new vehicle revenue decreased by 7.6 million, driven by a 69.5 million (14 decrease in domestic brands revenue, partially offset by a 39.9 million (7 increase in luxury brands revenue and a 22.0 million (3 increase in import brands revenue. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, new vehicle gross profit and same store new vehicle gross profit decreased by 17.9 million (11 and 40.8 million (24 ), respectively. Same store new vehicle gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 219 basis points to 6.9 . A similar decrease was seen in new vehicle gross profit margins, as reported. The decrease in our new vehicle gross profit margin was primarily attributable to the continued easing of new vehicle inventory constraints which softened the historically high new vehicle margins seen in recent years. 
 The seasonally adjusted annual rate ("SAAR") for new vehicle sales in the U.S. during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately 15.6 million which increased as compared to approximately 15.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SAAR period over period reflects higher inventory supply coupled with continued consumer demand for new vehicles. We also continue to be impacted by the significant variation in new vehicle days supply among brands and models. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Used Vehicle 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Revenue: Used vehicle retail revenue 1,148.5 1,016.8 131.6 13 Used vehicle wholesale revenue 146.2 94.9 51.3 54 Used vehicle revenue 1,294.7 1,111.7 183.0 16 Gross profit: Used vehicle retail gross profit 56.1 59.8 (3.7) (6) Used vehicle wholesale gross profit 3.3 2.3 1.0 45 Used vehicle gross profit 59.4 62.1 (2.7) (4) Used vehicle retail units: Used vehicle retail units 37,347 32,117 5,230 16 Same Store: Revenue: Used vehicle retail revenue 921.0 1,005.6 (84.6) (8) Used vehicle wholesale revenue 104.4 92.4 12.0 13 Used vehicle revenue 1,025.4 1,098.1 (72.7) (7) Gross profit: Used vehicle retail gross profit 46.4 59.1 (12.6) (21) Used vehicle wholesale gross profit 2.3 2.4 (0.1) (3) Used vehicle gross profit 48.8 61.5 (12.7) (21) Used vehicle retail units: Used vehicle retail units 29,668 31,665 (1,997) (6) 

Used Vehicle Metrics 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 As Reported: Revenue per used vehicle retailed 30,751 31,660 (909) (3) Gross profit per used vehicle retailed 1,501 1,861 (361) (19) Used vehicle retail gross margin 4.9 5.9 (1.0) Same Store: Revenue per used vehicle retailed 31,044 31,759 (715) (2) Gross profit per used vehicle retailed 1,566 1,866 (300) (16) Used vehicle retail gross margin 5.0 5.9 (0.8) 
 Used vehicle revenue increased by 183.0 million (16 compared to the same period of the prior year, due to a 131.6 million (13 increase in used vehicle retail revenue and a 51.3 million (54 increase in used vehicle wholesale revenue. Same store used vehicle revenue decreased by 72.7 million (7 ), largely due to a 84.6 million (8 decrease in used vehicle retail revenue, partially offset by a 12.0 million (13 increase in used vehicle wholesale revenue. Total used vehicle retail unit sales increased by 16 due to the Koons acquisition while same store used vehicle retail unit sales decreased by 6 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Revenue per used vehicle retailed has continued to contract as seen in the third quarter of 2024, along with margins on both an all store and same store 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 basis. Used vehicle revenue and unit volumes have been negatively impacted by the lack of inventory availability, especially in vehicles with lower mileage. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total Company and same store used vehicle retail gross profit ma rgins decreased by 100 basis points and 83 basis points, respectively, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Decreases in used vehicle gross margins, on both a total Company and same store basis, was largely driven by a tighter market for used vehicles during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, used vehicle retail gross profit margins decreased from 5.9 to 4.9 and 5.9 to 5.0 respectively, for all stores and on a same store basis when compared to the same period of the prior year. Used vehicle retail gross profit decreased 3.7 million (6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 and decreased 12.6 million (21 on a same store basis for the same periods. On a total company basis our gross profit per used vehicle retailed decreased 361 (19 ), and on a same store basis, our gross profit per used vehicle retailed decreased 300 (16 when compared to the prior year period, which was primarily driven by decreases in used vehicle market prices. 
 Parts and Service 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we are presenting "Collision" as a separate line item within parts and service gross profit. In periods prior to June 30, 2024, "Collision" was included within "Customer pay." We reclassified the corresponding amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to conform to current year presentation. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) As Reported: Parts and service revenue 593.1 526.5 66.6 13 Parts and service gross profit: Customer pay 177.7 145.9 31.9 22 Warranty 48.9 39.0 9.9 25 Collision 31.3 30.8 0.4 1 Wholesale parts 19.5 19.8 (0.3) (2) Parts and service gross profit, excluding reconditioning and preparation 277.4 235.5 41.9 18 Parts and service gross margin, excluding reconditioning and preparation 46.8 44.7 2.0 Reconditioning and preparation 59.7 55.7 4.1 7 Total parts and service gross profit 337.1 291.1 46.0 16 Total parts and service gross margin 56.8 55.3 1.5 Same Store: Parts and service revenue 524.7 519.1 5.5 1 Parts and service gross profit: Customer pay 154.3 143.5 10.8 8 Warranty 44.0 38.5 5.4 14 Collision 27.7 30.8 (3.1) (10) Wholesale parts 19.1 19.6 (0.4) (2) Parts and service gross profit, excluding reconditioning and preparation 245.1 232.3 12.8 6 Parts and service gross margin, excluding reconditioning and preparation 46.7 44.8 2.0 Reconditioning and preparation 52.9 55.1 (2.2) (4) Total parts and service gross profit 298.1 287.5 10.6 4 Total parts and service gross margin 56.8 55.4 1.4 
 Reconditioning and preparation represents the gross profit earned by our parts and service departments for internal work performed and is included as a reduction of Parts and Service Cost of Sales in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income upon the sale of the vehicle. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The 66.6 million (13 increase in parts and service revenue was primarily due to a 47.9 million (18 increase in customer pay revenue, a 15.8 million (22 increase in warranty revenue, a 2.5 million (2 increase in wholesale parts revenue and a 0.4 million (1 increase in collision revenue. Same store parts and service revenue increased by 5.5 million (1 to 524.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 519.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in same store parts and service revenue was due to a 10.8 million (4 increase in customer pay revenue and a 7.5 million (10 increase in warranty revenue, partially offset by a 7.7 million (11 decrease in collision revenue and a 5.0 million (5 decrease in wholesale parts revenue. Consumers are owning a vehicle for longer periods of time due to various factors, including the higher cost of vehicles, higher interest rates, as well as the vehicle inventory constraints experienced in the automotive industry in recent years. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total parts and service gross profit increased by 46.0 million (16 to 337.1 million and same store total parts and service gross profit increased by 10.6 million (4 to 298.1 million when compared to the same period of the prior year. The all store increase is primarily due to the Koons acquisition and reconditioning and preparation, while the same store increase is primarily a result of increased customer pay and warranty volume, which is in line with the increasing trend of aged vehicles. 
 Finance and Insurance, net 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Finance and insurance, net revenue 
 185.4 166.1 19.3 12 Finance and insurance, net gross profit 
 171.2 152.0 19.2 13 Finance and insurance, net per vehicle sold 2,141 2,204 (63) (3) Same Store: Finance and insurance, net revenue 
 152.7 165.0 (12.2) (7) Finance and insurance, net gross profit 
 138.5 150.9 (12.4) (8) Finance and insurance, net per vehicle sold 2,111 2,219 (108) (5) 
 F I revenue, net increased by 19.3 million (12 during the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the third quarter of 2023, as a result of a 16 increase in total retail units sold offset by a 63 (3 decrease in F I per vehicle retailed. 
 On a same store basis, F I revenue, net decreased by 12.2 million (7 during the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the third quarter of 2023, as a result o f a 3 decrease in total retail units sold and a 5 decrease in F I per vehicle retailed. We are seeing slightly lower penetration rates in our F I products as customers look for ways to manage lower monthly payments in a high interest rate environment. 
 The financial results of the TCA segment, after dealership eliminations, are as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Finance and insurance, revenue 36.4 36.2 0.2 Finance and insurance, cost of sales 14.2 14.1 0.1 1 Finance and insurance, gross profit 22.2 22.1 
 
 TCA offers a variety of F I products, such as extended vehicle service contracts, prepaid maintenance contracts, GAP, appearance protection contracts and lease wear-and-tear contracts. TCA's products are sold through our automobile dealerships. 
 Revenue generated by TCA is earned over the period of the related product contract. The method for recognizing revenue is assigned based on contract type and expected claim patterns. Premium revenues are supplemented with investment gains or losses and income earned associated with the performance of TCA's investment portfolio. During the three months ended 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024, TCA generated 36.4 million revenue, consisting primarily of earned premiums and 4.7 million investment income from the investment portfolio. 
 Direct expenses incurred for the acquisition of F I contracts on which revenue has not yet been recognized have been deferred and are amortized over the related contract period. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, TCA recorded 14.2 million of cost of sales consisting primarily of claims expense. Commissions expense paid by TCA to our affiliated dealerships and reflected as F I revenue in our Dealerships segment is eliminated in the TCA segment upon consolidation. 
 As we continue to integrate TCA, we expect a rollout of TCA products to our r emaining stores in 2025. With the ownership of TCA, while the combined profitability of the transaction is higher, the timing of revenue and cost recognition is deferred and amortized over the life of the contract. We expect that this rollout will result in lower F I revenue and gross profit over the next two to three years due to the change in how the revenue from these contracts are earned. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) of Gross Profit Increase (Decrease) 2024 of Gross Profit 2023 of Gross Profit (Dollars in millions) As Reported: Personnel costs 304.3 42.4 257.0 38.2 47.3 4.2 Rent and related expenses 37.3 5.2 25.6 3.8 11.6 1.4 Advertising 16.0 2.2 12.6 1.9 3.4 0.4 Other 109.0 15.2 96.5 14.3 12.5 0.8 Selling, general, and administrative expense 466.5 65.0 391.7 58.2 74.8 6.8 Gross profit 718.0 673.5 Same Store: Personnel costs 256.7 42.0 253.6 38.0 3.1 3.9 Rent and related expenses 33.4 5.5 25.3 3.8 8.1 1.7 Advertising 11.4 1.9 12.3 1.9 (0.9) Other 92.8 15.2 94.9 14.2 (2.1) 0.9 Selling, general, and administrative expense 394.3 64.5 386.2 57.9 8.2 6.6 Gross profit 611.5 666.8 
 
 SG A expense as a percentage of gross profit increased 680 basis points from 58.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 65.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, while same store SG A expense as a percentage of gross profit increased 657 basis points to 64.5 over the same period in 2024. The increase in SG A expense as a percentage of gross profit on a total company basis during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of higher cost in personnel and other categories in SG A expense partially offset by higher gross profits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SG A as a percentage of gross profit on the same store basis during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of lower gross profits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a total company basis, SG A expense increased by 74.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primaril y due to the Koons acquisition in December 2023. Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred 4.0 million and no losses, respectively, related to hail damage at certain dealerships. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Floor Plan Interest Expense 
 Floor plan interest expense increased by 22.3 million to 22.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to no floor plan interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to less cash held in the floor plan offset account during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other Interest Expense 
 Other interest expense increased 7.0 million (18 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 38.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 45.7 million. This increase was primarily due to a 7.2 million increase in our credit facility interest expense and a 1.0 million increase in loaner payable interest expense driven by higher loaner vehicle balances, marginally offset by a decrease of 0.6 million in amortization of capitalized interest expense. 
 Gain on Dealership Divestitures 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold one Chevrolet franchise (one dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia and one Honda franchise (one dealership location) in Spokane, Washington. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain totaling 5.0 million, which is presented in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income as a gain on dealership divestitures. 
 There were no divestitures during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The 13.4 million (24 decrease in income tax expense was primarily the result of a 56.3 million (25 decrease in income before income taxes. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.6 compared to 25.1 in the prior comparative period, which differed from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the favorable effects of the windfall component of equity compensation, a discrete item, and unfavorable effects of various permanent tax adjustments such as executive compensation. We estimate our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 at 25.4 . 

38 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) REVENUE: New vehicle 6,392.6 5,572.2 820.4 15 Used vehicle 3,959.6 3,345.6 614.1 18 Parts and service 1,764.3 1,568.2 196.1 13 Finance and insurance, net 567.5 505.0 62.5 12 TOTAL REVENUE 12,684.1 10,991.0 1,693.1 15 GROSS PROFIT: New vehicle 468.3 532.1 (63.8) (12) Used vehicle 192.3 210.0 (17.6) (8) Parts and service 1,011.1 865.3 145.9 17 Finance and insurance, net 527 475.4 51.6 11 TOTAL GROSS PROFIT 2,198.8 2,082.8 116.0 6 OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling, general, and administrative 1,411.6 1,203.3 208.3 17 Depreciation and amortization 55.8 50.5 5.3 10 Asset impairments 135.4 135.4 NM INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 596.0 829.0 (233.0) (28) OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME): Floor plan interest expense 66.1 1.5 64.7 NM Other interest expense, net 134.9 115.3 19.5 17 Gain on dealership divestitures (8.6) (13.5) 4.9 (36) Total other expenses, net 192.4 103.3 89.1 86 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 403.6 725.7 (322.1) (44) Income tax expense 102.1 178.7 (76.6) (43) NET INCOME 301.5 547.0 (245.5) (45) Net income per share Diluted 14.99 25.91 (10.92) (42) ______________________________ 
 NM Not Meaningful 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 REVENUE MIX PERCENTAGES: New vehicle 50.4 50.7 Used vehicle retail 27.6 27.8 Used vehicle wholesale 3.6 2.7 Parts and service 13.9 14.3 Finance and insurance, net 4.5 4.6 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 GROSS PROFIT MIX PERCENTAGES: New vehicle 21.3 25.5 Used vehicle retail 8.1 9.4 Used vehicle wholesale 0.7 0.7 Parts and service 46.0 41.5 Finance and insurance, net 24.0 22.8 Total gross profit 100.0 100.0 GROSS PROFIT MARGIN 17.3 19.0 SG A EXPENSE AS A PERCENTAGE OF GROSS PROFIT 64.2 57.8 
 Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1,693.1 million (15 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to a 820.4 million (15 increase in new vehicle revenue, a 614.1 million (18 increase in used vehicle revenue, a 196.1 million (13 increase in parts and service revenue and a 62.5 million (12 increase in F I, net revenue. The 116.0 million (6 increase in gross profit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a 145.9 million (17 increase in parts and service gross profit and a 51.6 million (11 increase in F I, net gross profit, partially offset by a 63.8 million (12 decrease in new vehicle gross profit and a 17.6 million (8 decrease in used vehicle gross profit. The increase in revenue and gross profit is largely attributable to the Koons acquisition; however, the gross profit increase is partially offset by declining new and used vehicle margins. 
 Income from operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 233.0 million (28 ), compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 208.3 million (17 increase in SG A expense, a 135.4 million increase in franchise rights impairment and a 5.3 million (10 increase in depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by a 116.0 million (6 increase in gross profit. 
 Total other expenses, net increased by 89.1 million (86 ), primarily as a result of a 64.7 million increase in floor plan interest expense, an increase of 19.5 million (17 in other interest expense, net and a 4.9 million (36 decrease in gain on dealership divestitures, recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same period of the prior year. Income before income taxes decreased 322.1 million (44 to 403.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Overall, net income decreased by 245.5 million (45 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

40 

Table of Contents 

New Vehicle 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Revenue: Luxury 1,877.7 1,819.3 58.4 3 Import 2,641.1 2,196.7 444.4 20 Domestic 1,873.9 1,556.3 317.6 20 Total new vehicle revenue 6,392.6 5,572.2 820.4 15 Gross profit: Luxury 183.3 203.4 (20.1) (10) Import 175.8 204.3 (28.5) (14) Domestic 109.2 124.4 (15.2) (12) Total new vehicle gross profit 468.3 532.1 (63.8) (12) New vehicle units: Luxury 26,248 25,504 744 3 Import 66,650 57,015 9,635 17 Domestic 33,065 27,093 5,972 22 Total new vehicle units 125,963 109,612 16,351 15 Same Store: Revenue: Luxury 1,819.4 1,816.7 2.7 Import 2,200.3 2,144.9 55.3 3 Domestic 1,349.0 1,539.7 (190.7) (12) Total new vehicle revenue 5,368.7 5,501.4 (132.7) (2) Gross profit: Luxury 179.6 202.4 (22.7) (11) Import 135.7 200.9 (65.2) (32) Domestic 76.1 123.5 (47.4) (38) Total new vehicle gross profit 391.5 526.8 (135.3) (26) New vehicle units: Luxury 25,423 25,405 18 Import 56,103 55,661 442 1 Domestic 23,559 26,806 (3,247) (12) Total new vehicle units 105,085 107,872 (2,787) (3) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 New Vehicle Metrics 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 As Reported: Revenue per new vehicle sold 50,750 50,836 (86) Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,718 4,855 (1,137) (23) New vehicle gross margin 7.3 9.5 (2.2) Luxury: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 6,982 7,975 (993) (12) New vehicle gross margin 9.8 11.2 (1.4) Import: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,638 3,584 (945) (26) New vehicle gross margin 6.7 9.3 (2.6) Domestic: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,302 4,592 (1,290) (28) New vehicle gross margin 5.8 8.0 (2.2) Same Store: Revenue per new vehicle sold 51,089 50,999 90 Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,725 4,883 (1,158) (24) New vehicle gross margin 7.3 9.6 (2.3) Luxury: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 7,066 7,966 (900) (11) New vehicle gross margin 9.9 11.1 (1.3) Import: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 2,419 3,609 (1,190) (33) New vehicle gross margin 6.2 9.4 (3.2) Domestic: Gross profit per new vehicle sold 3,231 4,608 (1,377) (30) New vehicle gross margin 5.6 8.0 (2.4) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, new vehicle revenue increased by 820.4 million (15 as a result of a 15 increase in new vehicle units sold. Same store new vehicle revenue decreased by 132.7 million (2 as the result of a 3 decrease in new vehicle units sold. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, new vehicle gross profit and same store new vehicle gross profit decreased by 63.8 million (12 and 135.3 million (26 ), respectively. Same store new vehicle gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 228 basis points to 7.3 driven by the continued easing of new vehicle inventory constraints which softened the historically high new vehicle margins seen in recent years. 
 The seasonally adjusted annual rate ("SAAR") for new vehicle sales in the U.S. during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 15.6 million which increased as compared to approximately 15.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SAAR period over period reflects higher inventory supply coupled with continued consumer demand for new vehicles. However, we continue to be impacted by the significant variation in new vehicle days supply among brands and models. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Used Vehicle 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Revenue: Used vehicle retail revenue 3,507.0 3,051.8 455.2 15 Used vehicle wholesale revenue 452.6 293.8 158.8 54 Used vehicle revenue 3,959.6 3,345.6 614.1 18 Gross profit: Used vehicle retail gross profit 177.4 196.2 (18.8) (10) Used vehicle wholesale gross profit 14.9 13.7 1.2 9 Used vehicle gross profit 192.3 210.0 (17.6) (8) Used vehicle retail units: Used vehicle retail units 115,370 96,729 18,641 19 Same Store: Revenue: Used vehicle retail revenue 2,795.3 3,000.9 (205.6) (7) Used vehicle wholesale revenue 333.8 283.9 49.8 18 Used vehicle revenue 3,129.0 3,284.8 (155.8) (5) Gross profit: Used vehicle retail gross profit 145.7 193.0 (47.3) (24) Used vehicle wholesale gross profit 9.6 13.9 (4.3) (31) Used vehicle gross profit 155.4 207.0 (51.6) (25) Used vehicle retail units: Used vehicle retail units 91,167 94,604 (3,437) (4) 
 
 Used Vehicle Metrics 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 As Reported: Revenue per used vehicle retailed 30,398 31,550 (1,152) (4) Gross profit per used vehicle retailed 1,538 2,029 (491) (24) Used vehicle retail gross margin 5.1 6.4 (1.4) Same Store: Revenue per used vehicle retailed 30,661 31,720 (1,059) (3) Gross profit per used vehicle retailed 1,599 2,040 (442) (22) Used vehicle retail gross margin 5.2 6.4 (1.2) 
 Used vehicle revenue increased by 614.1 million (18 due to a 455.2 million (15 increase in used vehicle retail revenue and a 158.8 million (54 increase in used vehicle wholesale revenue. Same store used vehicle revenue decreased by 155.8 million (5 due to a 205.6 million (7 decrease in used vehicle retail revenue, partially offset by a 49.8 million (18 increase in used vehicle wholesale revenue. Total used vehicle retail unit sales increased by 19 due to the Koons acquisition while same store used vehicle retail unit sales decreased by 4 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Revenue per used vehicle retailed has continued to contract as seen in the third quarter of 2024, along with margins on both an all store and same store basis. Used vehicle revenue and unit volumes have been negatively impacted by the lack of inventory availability, especially in vehicles with lower mileage. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, used vehicle retail gross profit margins decreased from 6.4 to 5.1 and 6.4 to 5.2 , respectively, for all stores and on a same store basis when compared to the same period of the prior year. Used vehicle retail gross profit decreased 18.8 million (10 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and decreased 47.3 million (24 on a same store basis for the same period. On a total company basis, our gross profit per used vehicle retailed for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 491 (24 ), and on a same store basis, our gross profit per used vehicle retailed decreased 442 (22 when compared to the prior year period which was primarily driven by decreases in used vehicle market prices. Decreases in used vehicle gross margins, on both a total Company and same store basis, was largely driven by a tighter market for used vehicles during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Parts and Service 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, we are presenting "Collision" as a separate line item within parts and service gross profit. In periods prior to June 30, 2024, "Collision" was included within "Customer pay". We reclassified the corresponding amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to conform to current year presentation. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) As Reported: Parts and service revenue 1,764.3 1,568.2 196.1 13 Parts and service gross profit: Customer pay 532.2 440.5 91.7 21 Warranty 136.8 111.4 25.4 23 Collision 97.1 93.5 3.6 4 Wholesale parts 59.3 59.4 (0.1) Parts and service gross profit, excluding reconditioning and preparation 825.3 704.8 120.5 17 Parts and service gross margin, excluding reconditioning and preparation 46.8 44.9 1.8 Reconditioning and preparation 185.8 160.5 25.3 16 Total parts and service gross profit 1,011.1 865.3 145.9 17 Total parts and service gross margin 57.3 55.2 2.1 Same Store: Parts and service revenue 1,547.5 1,542.5 4.9 Parts and service gross profit: Customer pay 458.6 432.3 26.3 6 Warranty 122.0 109.9 12.1 11 Collision 86.6 92.9 (6.4) (7) Wholesale parts 57.1 58.5 (1.4) (2) Parts and service gross profit, excluding reconditioning and preparation 724.2 693.6 30.6 4 Parts and service gross margin, excluding reconditioning and preparation 46.8 45.0 1.8 Reconditioning and preparation 164.8 158.6 6.2 4 Total parts and service gross profit 889.0 852.2 36.8 4 Total parts and service gross margin 57.4 55.2 2.2 
 Reconditioning and preparation represents the gross profit earned by our parts and service departments for internal work performed is included as a reduction of Parts and Service Cost of Sales in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Stat ements of Income upon the sale of the vehicle. 
 The 196.1 million (13 increase in parts and service revenue was primarily due to a 137.0 million (17 increase in customer pay revenue, a 43.6 million (21 increase in warranty revenue, a 10.4 million (3 increase in wholesale parts revenue and a 5.1 million (3 increase in collision revenue. Same store parts and service revenue increased slightly by 4.9 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 million from 1.54 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.55 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in same store parts and service revenue was due to a 20.8 million (3 increase in customer pay revenue and an 18.2 million (9 increase in warranty revenue, partially offset by a 18.4 million (9 decrease in collision revenue and a 15.7 million (5 decrease in wholesale parts revenue. Consumers are owning a vehicle for longer periods of time due to various factors, including the higher cost of vehicles, higher interest rates, as well as the vehicle inventory constraints experienced in the automotive industry in recent years. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total parts and service gross profit increased by 145.9 million (17 to 1.01 billion , and same store total parts and service gross profit increased by 36.8 million (4 to 889.0 million when compared to the same period of the prior year. The all store increase is primarily due to the Koons acquisition, while the same store increase is primarily a result of increased customer pay and warranty volume and reconditioning and preparation, which is in line with the increasing trend of aged vehicles. 
 Finance and Insurance, net 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except for per vehicle data) As Reported: Finance and insurance, net revenue 
 567.5 505.0 62.5 12 Finance and insurance, net gross profit 
 527.0 475.4 51.6 11 Finance and insurance, net per vehicle sold 2,184 2,304 (120) (5) Same Store: Finance and insurance, net revenue 
 463.8 500.4 (36.7) (7) Finance and insurance, net gross profit 
 423.3 470.9 (47.6) (10) Finance and insurance, net per vehicle sold 2,157 2,325 (169) (7) 
 F I revenue, net increased 62.5 million (12 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of a 17 increase in new and used retail unit sales, partially offset by a 5 decrease in F I per vehicle retailed. 
 On a same store basis, F I revenue, net decreased by 36.7 million (7 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of a 3 decrease in new and used retail unit sales and an 7 decrease in F I per vehicle retailed. We are seeing slightly lower penetration rates in our F I products as customers look for ways to manage lower monthly payments in a higher interest rate environment. 
 The financial results of the TCA segment, after dealership eliminations, are as follows: For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Finance and insurance, revenue 104.8 103.3 1.4 1 Finance and insurance, cost of sales 40.5 29.6 10.9 37 Finance and insurance, gross profit 64.3 73.8 (9.5) (13) 
 TCA offers a variety of F I products, such as extended vehicle service contracts, prepaid maintenance contracts, GAP, appearance protection contracts and lease wear-and-tear contracts. TCA's products are sold through our automobile dealerships. 
 Revenue generated by TCA is earned over the period of the related product contract. The method for recognizing revenue is assigned based on contract type and expected claim patterns. Premium revenues are supplemented with investment gains or losses and income earned associated with the performance of TCA's investment portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, TCA generated 104.8 million of revenue, consisting primarily of earned premium and 13.3 million investment income from the investment portfolio. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Direct expenses incurred for the acquisition of F I contracts on which revenue has not yet been recognized have been deferred and are amortized over the related contract period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, TCA recorded 40.5 million of cost of sales consisting primarily of claims expense. Commissions expense paid by TCA to our affiliated dealerships and reflected as F I revenue in our Dealerships segment is eliminated in the TCA segment upon consolidation. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) of Gross Profit Increase (Decrease) 2024 of Gross Profit 2023 of Gross Profit (Dollars in millions) As Reported: Personnel costs 926.4 42.1 810.1 38.9 116.3 3.2 Rent and related expenses 103.3 4.7 89.9 4.3 13.5 0.4 Advertising 47.8 2.2 33.8 1.6 14.0 0.6 Other 334.2 15.2 269.6 12.9 64.6 2.3 Selling, general, and administrative expense 1,411.6 64.2 1,203.3 57.8 208.3 6.4 Gross profit 2,198.8 2,082.8 Same Store: Personnel costs 771.2 41.5 797.3 38.8 (26.1) 2.7 Rent and related expenses 93.7 5.0 88.4 4.3 5.3 0.7 Advertising 33.9 1.8 32.6 1.6 1.3 0.2 Other 286.7 15.4 263.4 12.8 23.3 2.6 Selling, general, and administrative expense 1,185.5 63.8 1,181.8 57.5 3.7 6.3 Gross profit 1,859.1 2,056.8 
 SG A expense as a percentage of gross profit increased 643 basis points from 57.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 64.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while same store SG A expense as a percentage of gross profit increased 631 basis points to 63.8 over the same period. The increase in SG A as a percentage of gross profit on a total company basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of higher cost in personnel and other categories in SG A expense partially offset by higher gross profits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SG A as a percentage of gross profit on the same store basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of lower gross profits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and higher other costs related to an increase in loaner vehicle expenses and professional and other outside services. On a total company basis, SG A expense increased by 208.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the Koons acquisition in December 2023. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , we incurred 7.1 million and 4.3 million, respectively, of losses related to hail damage at certain dealerships. 
 Asset Impairments 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized asset impairment charges of 135.4 million as compared to no impairment charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The asset impairments resulted from our interim franchise rights impairment tests for certain underperforming stores, limited primarily to one brand. 
 Floor Plan Interest Expense 
 Floor plan interest expense increased by 64.7 million to 66.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to higher levels of new inventory on hand and lower balances held in our floor plan offset accounts during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other Interest Expense 
 Other interest expense, net increased 19.5 million (17 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 115.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 134.9 million. This increase was primarily due to the 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 19.4 million increase in our credit facility interest expense, 3.9 million increase in loaner payable interest expense driven by higher loaner vehicle balances as well as a 1.8 million decrease in interest income, partially offset by a decrease of 2.5 million in mortgage interest expense and an increase of 2.4 million in amortization of capitalized interest expense. 
 Gain on Dealership Divestitures 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold one Lexus franchise (one dealership location) in Wilmington, Delaware due to OEM requirements in connection with the Koons acquisition, one Nissan franchise (one dealership location) in Denver, Colorado and one Nissan franchise (one dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia, one Chevrolet franchise (one dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia and one Honda franchise (one dealership location) in Spokane, Washington. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain totaling 8.6 million, which is presented in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income as a gain on dealership divestitures. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold one Acura franchise (one dealership location) in Austin, Texas. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain totaling 13.5 million, which is presented in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income as a gain on dealership divestitures. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The 76.6 million (43 decrease in income tax expense was primarily the result of a 322.1 million (44 decrease in income before income taxes. F or the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, ou r effective income tax rate was 25.3 and 24.6 , respectively, which differed from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the favorable effects of the windfall component of equity compensation, a discrete item, and unfavorable effects of various permanent tax adjustments such as executive compensation. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 at approximately 25.4 . 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total available liquidity of 768.2 million, which consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 4.7 million (excluding 55.6 million held by TCA), available funds in our floor plan offset accounts of 197.2 million, 256.0 million of availability under our revolving credit facility and 310.3 million of availability under our used vehicle floor plan facility. The borrowing capacities under our revolving credit facility and our used vehicle floor plan facility are limited by borrowing base calculations and, from time-to-time, may be further limited by our required compliance with certain financial covenants. As of September 30, 2024, these financial covenants did not further limit our availability under our other credit facilities. 
 We continually evaluate our liquidity and capital resources based upon (i) our cash and cash equivalents on hand, (ii) the funds that we expect to generate through future operations, (iii) current and expected borrowing availability under our 2023 Senior Credit Facility, (iv) amounts in our new vehicle floor plan notes payable offset accounts, and (v) the potential impact of our capital allocation strategy and any contemplated or pending future transactions, including, but not limited to, financings, acquisitions, dispositions, equity and/or debt repurchases, dividends, or other capital expenditures. We believe we will have sufficient liquidity to meet our debt service and working capital requirements; commitments and contingencies; debt repayment, maturity and repurchase obligations; acquisitions; capital expenditures; and any operating requirements for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. 
 Covenants 
 We are subject to a number of customary operating and other restrictive covenants in our various debt and lease agreements. We were in compliance with all of our covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Share Repurchases and Dividend Restrictions 
 Our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends on our common stock is subject to our compliance with the covenants and restrictions in our various debt and lease agreements. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 393,951 and 826,340 shares of our common stock under our repurchase program for a total of 88.9 million and 182.1 million, respectively. On May 15, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase of 256.2 million in the Company's common share repurchase authorization to 400.0 million (the "New Share Repurchase Authorization"). As of September 30, 2024, we had 276.7 million remaining under its share repurchase authorization. 
 The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, the number of shares and the timing of any repurchase will depend on such factors as Asbury s stock price, general economic and market conditions, the potential impact on its capital structure, the expected return on competing uses of capital such as strategic dealership acquisitions and capital investments and other considerations. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without further notice. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 1,050 and 46,711 shares of our common stock for 0.2 million and 10.1 million, respectively, from employees in connection with a net share settlement feature of employee equity-based awards. 
 Cash Flows 
 Classification of Cash Flows Associated with Floor Plan Notes Payable 
 Borrowings and repayments of floor plan notes payable through our 2023 Senior Credit Facility ("Non-Trade"), and all floor plan notes payable relating to used vehicles (together referred to as "floor plan notes payable non-trade"), are classified as financing activities on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, with borrowings reflected separately from repayments. The net change in floor plan notes payable to a lender affiliated with the manufacturer from which we purchase a particular new vehicle (collectively referred to as "floor plan notes payable trade") is classified as an operating activity on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Borrowings of floor plan notes payable associated with inventory acquired in connection with all acquisitions and repayments made in connection with all divestitures are classified as a financing activity in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Cash flows related to floor plan notes payable included in operating activities differ from cash flows related to floor plan notes payable included in financing activities only to the extent that the former are payable to a lender affiliated with the manufacturer from which we purchased the related inventory, while the latter are payable to our 2023 Senior Credit Facility that includes lenders affiliated with the manufacturers and lenders not affiliated with the manufacturers from which we purchased the related inventory. The 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 majority of our floor plan notes are payable to our 2023 Senior Credit Facility, with the exception of floor plan notes payable relating to the financing of new Ford and Lincoln vehicles and certain loaner vehicle programs. 
 Floor plan borrowings are required by all vehicle manufacturers for the purchase of new vehicles, and all floor plan lenders require amounts borrowed for the purchase of a vehicle to be repaid within a short time period after the related vehicle is sold. As a result, we believe that it is important to understand the relationship between the cash flows of all of our floor plan notes payable and new vehicle inventory in order to understand our working capital and operating cash flow and to be able to compare our operating cash flow to that of our competitors (i.e., if our competitors have a different mix of trade and non-trade floor plan financing as compared to us). In addition, we include all floor plan borrowings and repayments in our internal operating cash flow forecasts. As a result, we use the non-GAAP measure "Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities" (defined below) to compare our results to forecasts. We believe that splitting the cash flows of floor plan notes payable between operating activities and financing activities, while all new vehicle inventory activity is included in operating activities, results in significantly different operating cash flows than if all the cash flows of floor plan notes payable were classified together in operating activities. 
 Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities includes borrowings and repayments of floor plan notes payable non-trade and used floor plan notes payable borrowing base changes. Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results in accordance with GAAP. In order to compensate for these potential limitations, we also review the related GAAP measures. We believe that the adjustments related to cash flows associated with our used vehicle borrowing base, floor plan offset accounts and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures eliminates cash flow volatility and provides an adjusted operating cash flow metric that best reflects our results of operations and our management of inventory and related financing activities. 
 We have provided below a reconciliation of cash flow provided by operating activities as if all changes in floor plan notes payable, except for (i) borrowings associated with acquisitions and repayments associated with divestitures and (ii) borrowings and repayments associated with the purchase of used vehicle inventory and (iii) changes in the floor plan offset accounts were classified as an operating activity for both floor plan notes payable - non-trade and floor plan notes payable - trade. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Reconciliation of cash provided by operating activities to cash provided by operating activities, as adjusted Cash provided by operating activities, as reported 427.0 239.8 Change in Floor Plan Notes Payable Non-Trade, net (70.6) (2.8) Change in Floor Plan Notes Payable Non-Trade associated with floor plan offset, used vehicle borrowing base changes adjusted for acquisition and divestitures 175.9 233.7 Change in Floor Plan Notes Payable Trade associated with floor plan offset, adjusted for acquisition and divestitures (45.1) 42.9 Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities 487.2 513.6 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 427.0 million and 239.8 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities totaled 487.2 million and 513.6 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities includes net income, adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities, changes in working capital, changes in used vehicle borrowing base, changes in floor plan notes payable non-trade and trade, excluding the impact of offsets, and excluding operating cash flows associated with acquisitions and divestitures related to loaner vehicles and new vehicle inventories financed through floor plan notes payable trade. 
 The 26.4 million decrease in adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily the result of the following: 
 decrease of 74.9 million in net income and non-cash adjustments to net income; 
 decrease of 54.0 million related to accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 decrease of 9.3 million in inventory, net of floor plan notes payable, including both trade and non-trade, excluding offset and including used vehicle borrowing base changes adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. 
 The decrease in our adjusted cash flow provided by operating activities was partially offset by: 
 increase of 67.8 million in other current assets, net; 
 32.4 million increase related to sales volume and the timing of collection of accounts receivable and contracts-in-transit during 2024 as compared to 2023; and 
 11.0 million increase related to other long term assets and liabilities, net. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities totaled 17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash used in investing activities of 90.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Capital expenditures, excluding the purchase of real estate, were 104.5 million and 76.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired real estate properties for 69.6 million and also purchased previously leased real estate properties for 11.9 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold one franchise (one dealership location) in Wilmington, Delaware, one franchise (one dealership location) in Denver, Colorado, one franchise (one dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia, one franchise (one dealership location) in Atlanta, Georgia and one franchise (one dealership location) in Spokane, Washington for an aggregate purchase price of 196.3 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold one franchise (one dealership location) in Austin, Texas for an aggregate purchase price of 30.7 million. 
 We purchased 60.0 million and 164.9 million of debt securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We received proceeds of 70.0 million and 52.2 million from the sale of debt securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We also received proceeds of 51.8 million from the sale of equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received cash proceeds of 2.2 million from the sale of real estate. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received cash proceeds of 16.3 million from the sale of real estate. 
 We expect that capital expenditures during 2024 will total approximately 180.0 - 200.0 million to upgrade or replace our existing facilities, construct new facilities, expand our service capacity, and invest in technology and equipment. In addition, as part of our capital allocation strategy, we continually evaluate opportunities to purchase properties currently under lease and acquire properties in connection with future dealership relocations. No assurances can be provided that we will have or be able to access capital at times or on terms in amounts deemed necessary to execute this strategy. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 430.2 million and 343.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had non-trade floor plan borrowings, excluding floor plan borrowings associated with acquisitions, of 6.92 billion and 5.64 billion, respectively, and non-trade floor plan repayments, excluding floor plan repayments associated with divestitures, of 7.30 billion and 5.65 billion, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had 34.1 million non-trade floor plan repayments associated with divestitures. 
 Repayments of borrowings totaled 56.9 million and 108.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 There were 1.01 billion borrowings and 782.8 million repayments under our Revolving Credit Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 826,340 shares of our common stock under our Repurchase Program for a total of 182.1 million. In addition, we repurchased 46,711 shares of our common stock for 10.1 million from employees in connection with a net share settlement feature of employee equity-based awards. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased 1,070,126 shares of our common stock under our Repurchase Program for a total of 220.3 million which includes 9.6 million of December 2022 share repurchases which settled in January 2023. In addition, we repurchased 47,121 shares of our common stock for 11.2 million from employees in connection with a net share settlement feature of employee equity-based awards. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We had no off balance sheet arrangements during any of the periods presented other than those disclosed in Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" within the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 For a description of our critical accounting policies and estimates, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Our critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed materially during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Guarantor Financial Information 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding 405.0 million of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2028 and 445.0 million of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030. The Senior Notes have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, by each existing and future restricted subsidiary of the Company (the Guarantor Subsidiaries ), with the exception of Landcar Administration Company, Landcar Agency, Inc. and Landcar Casualty Company and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the TCA Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries"). The 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes were required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 within 270 days of the closing date for the offering of each respective series. The Company completed the registration of the 2028 Notes and 2030 Notes in October 2020. 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among Asbury and the Guarantor Subsidiaries and (ii) assets, liabilities, and equity in earnings from and investments in any non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
 Summarized Balance Sheet Data of Asbury and Guarantor Subsidiaries: As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Current assets 2,883.8 2,969.8 Current assets - affiliates 0.6 4.8 Non-current assets 6,460.4 6,382.4 Current liabilities 2,119.8 2,470.6 Current liabilities - affiliates 20.8 13.0 Non-current liabilities 3,754.3 3,595.6 
 Summarized Statement of Operations Data for Asbury and Guarantor Subsidiaries: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Net sales 12,609.0 Gross profit 2,136.5 Income from operations 535.0 Net income 252.8 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to risk from changes in interest rates on a portion of our outstanding indebtedness. Based on 1.70 billion of total variable interest rate debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024 which includes our floor plan notes payable, amounts drawn on our used vehicle floor plan, and certain mortgage liabilities, net of interest rate swaps, a 100 basis point change in interest rates could result in a change of as much as 17.0 million to our total annual interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 We periodically receive floor plan assistance from certain automobile manufacturers, which is accounted for primarily as a reduction in our new vehicle inventory cost. Floor plan assistance reduced our cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by 70.4 million and 64.2 million, respectively. We cannot provide assurance as to the future amount of floor plan assistance and these amounts may be negatively impacted due to future changes in interest rates. 
 As part of our strategy to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, we have various interest rate swap agreements. All of our interest rate swaps qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment and do not contain any ineffectiveness. 
 We currently have six interest rate swap agreements. Each of these swaps were designed to provide a hedge against changes in variable rate cash flows regarding fluctuations in the SOFR rate. The following table provides information on the attributes of each swap as of September 30, 2024: 
 Inception Date Notional Principal at Inception Notional Value Notional Principal at Maturity Maturity Date (In millions) (In millions) (In millions) January 2022 300.0 262.5 228.8 December 2026 January 2022 250.0 250.0 250.0 December 2031 May 2021 184.4 160.4 110.6 May 2031 July 2020 93.5 72.3 50.6 December 2028 July 2020 85.5 64.0 57.3 November 2025 June 2015 100.0 54.8 53.1 February 2025 
 For additional information about the effect of our derivative instruments, see Note 11 "Financial Instruments and Fair Value" within the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as part of our integration activities following the acquisition of the Jim Koons Dealerships Koons in December 2023, we implemented changes related to Koons business process controls, IT general controls and IT infrastructure to more closely align with the standards of the Company s controls environment. In accordance with our integration efforts, we plan to incorporate Koons operations into our internal control over financial reporting program within the time provided by the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

52 

Table of Contents 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Other than as set forth below, as of the date of this filing, there have been no additional material legal proceedings or material developments in the legal proceedings disclosed in Part 1, Item 3, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For more information, see Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" within the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On August 3, 2022, we received a Civil Investigative Demand CID from the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC requesting information and documents concerning the Company s corporate structure and operation of six of its dealerships. We responded to the CID by producing information and documents for the period August 1, 2019 to April 24, 2023. On February 8, 2024, the FTC staff counsel sent to us a proposed consent order and draft complaint, alleging that the Company and three of our dealerships had violated Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act FTC Act and certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA in connection with the sale of add-on products (e.g., vehicle service contracts, maintenance plans, etc.), and advising that it would recommend the filing of an enforcement action if the Company did not settle the FTC s claims. The Company vigorously disputed, and continues to vigorously dispute, the FTC s allegations that it violated the FTC Act and the ECOA. As a result, on August 16, 2024, the FTC initiated an administrative proceeding by filing an enforcement action against the Company; David McDavid Honda Frisco, David McDavid Honda Irving, and David McDavid Ford Fort Worth, three of the Company s dealerships; and an individual general manager at one of the dealerships pursuant to the allegations set forth above. 
 
 On October 4, 2024, the Company filed a lawsuit against the FTC in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, seeking to enjoin the FTC s administrative proceeding on the ground that the administrative proceeding was unconstitutional. Among other things, the Company s lawsuit asserts that the FTC s administrative proceeding violates Asbury s constitutional rights by denying it the right to a jury trial and by allowing the FTC to serve as both prosecutor and judge in the same proceeding. The Company s lawsuit also contends that FTC commissioners and in-house administrative law judges are effectively insulated from removal by the President in contravention of the Constitution s requirements. 
 
 At this time, we are unable to reasonably predict the possible outcome of the Company s dispute with the FTC, or provide a reasonably possible range of loss, if any. There can be no assurance that the Company will succeed in either the FTC s administrative proceeding against the Company or in the Company s lawsuit against the FTC, and the FTC s allegations, whether meritorious or not, may adversely affect our ability to attract customers, result in the loss of existing customers, harm our reputation and cause us to incur defense costs and other expenses. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors that affect our business and financial results that are discussed in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. There have been no material changes to such risk factors. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Share repurchases are implemented through purchases made from time to time in either the open market or private transactions. The share repurchases could include purchases pursuant to a written trading plan in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which allows companies to repurchase shares of stock at times when they might otherwise be prevented from doing so by securities laws or under self-imposed trading blackout periods. The extent that the Company repurchases its shares, the number of shares and the timing of any repurchases will depend on general market conditions, legal requirements and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Information about the shares of our common stock that we repurchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is set forth below: 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (In millions) 07/01/2024 - 07/31/2024 160,000 227.38 160,000 329.2 08/01/2024 - 08/31/2024 83,837 230.71 82,857 310.1 09/01/2024 - 09/30/2024 151,164 220.83 151,094 276.7 Total 395,001 393,951 
 On May 15, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase of 256.2 million in the Company's common share repurchase authorization to 400 million (the "New Share Repurchase Authorization"), for the repurchase of our common stock in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions or in other manners as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal and contractual requirements. 
 The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, the number of shares and the timing of any repurchase will depend on such factors as Asbury s stock price, general economic and market conditions, the potential impact on its capital structure, the expected return on competing uses of capital such as strategic dealership acquisitions and capital investments and other considerations. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without further notice. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None of the Company's directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company's fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description of Documents 31.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL Exhibit 101) 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ David W. Hult Name: David W. Hult Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ Michael D. Welch Name: Michael D. Welch Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311section302ceocertific.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David W. Hult, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s David W. Hult David W. Hult Chief Executive Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312section302cfocertific.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael D. Welch certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Michael D. Welch Michael D. Welch Chief Financial Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321section906ceocertific.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David W. Hult, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s David W. Hult David W. Hult Chief Executive Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322section906cfocertific.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Welch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Michael D. Welch Michael D. Welch Chief Financial Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 abg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 abg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 abg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 abg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 abg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

