<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_38723_0000038723-24-000152.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10589667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91618</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1152594</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5319487</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1787986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1924196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000038723-24-000152.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114164647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000038723-24-000152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000038723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				580521233
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-27985
		FILM NUMBER:		241463673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 E TUGALO ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 880
		CITY:			TOCCOA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7068867571

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 EAST TUGALO STREET
		STREET 2:		PO  BOX  880
		CITY:			TOCCOA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30577

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRANKLIN DISCOUNT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000038723-24-000152.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 fil-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fil-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ------------------------------ 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 
 
 ------------------------------ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ------------------------------ 
 
 A Corporation 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

, 
 ) 
 ------------------------------ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) Large Accelerated Filer o Accelerated Filer o x Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class 
 Outstanding November 14, 2024 
 Voting Common Stock, par value 100 per share 
 Shares 
 Non-Voting Common Stock, no par value 
 Shares 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements: 
 The information contained under the following captions in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is incorporated by reference herein. See Exhibit 13. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited): September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited): Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited): Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited): Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 
 The information contained under the heading Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is incorporated by reference herein. See Exhibit 13. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk: 
 The information contained under the heading Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is incorporated by reference herein. See Exhibit 13. 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures: 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation was carried out as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than as described below, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 1 

As of September 30, 2024, the Virginia, Kentucky and Tennessee divisions have converted to a new loan servicing system to replace the existing platform. The new system was subject to various testing and review procedures before, during and after implementation. As a result, there were certain changes to processes and procedures, which resulted in changes to Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee's internal control over financial reporting. These changes in internal controls were not made in response to any identified internal control deficiency. The Company intends to convert the remaining divisions prior to year-end. 
 
 2 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 5. Legal Proceedings: 
 
 The Company is, and expects to be, involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business from time to time. In the opinion of Management, the ultimate resolution of any such known claims or proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits: 
 (a) Exhibits: 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of 1st Franklin Financial Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC April 19, 2024). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of 1st Franklin Financial Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC April 19, 2024). 
 13 Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 . 
 10.1 Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement , dated as of 
 April 1, 2024, by and among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent for the lenders, 
 and the other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC April 3, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 3 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Registrant 
 /s/ Virginia C. Herring 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Brian J. Gyomory 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 
 4 

1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT TO INVESTORS 
 AS OF AND FOR THE 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following narrative is Management s discussion and analysis of the foremost factors that influenced 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation s and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company , our or we financial condition and operating results as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion and analysis and the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s 2023 Annual Report. Results achieved in any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other interim or full year period. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements : 
 Certain information in this discussion and other statements contained in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than those of historical fact. The Company's actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein, which involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Possible factors that could cause actual future results to differ from expectations include, but are not limited to, adverse general economic conditions, including changes in employment rates or in the interest rate environment, unexpected reductions in the size or collectability of our loan portfolio, unexpected increases in our allowance for credit losses, reduced sales or increased redemptions of our securities, unavailability of borrowings under our credit facility, federal and state regulatory changes affecting consumer finance companies, unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings and those risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report, as well as other factors referenced elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
 
 The Company : 
 We are engaged in the consumer finance business, primarily in making consumer installment loans to individuals. Our other lending-related activities include the purchase of sales finance contracts from various dealers and the making of first and second mortgage real estate loans on real estate. All of our loans are at fixed rates, and contain fixed terms and fixed payments. The majority of our revenues are derived from finance charges earned on loans outstanding. Additional revenues are derived from earnings on investment securities, insurance income and other miscellaneous income. The Company and its operations are guided by a strategic plan which includes planned growth through strategic geographic expansion of our branch office network. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s business was operated through 115 branch offices in Georgia, 48 in Alabama, 43 in South Carolina, 40 in Mississippi, 39 in Tennessee, 37 in Louisiana, 23 in Texas, 16 in Kentucky, and 7 in Virginia. 
 In connection with our business, we also offer optional single premium credit insurance products to our customers when making a loan. Such products may include credit life insurance, credit accident and health insurance, credit involuntary unemployment insurance and/or credit property insurance. Customers may request credit life insurance coverage to help assure any outstanding loan balance is repaid if the customer dies before the loan is repaid or they may request accident and health insurance coverage to help continue loan payments if the customer becomes sick or disabled for an extended period of time. In certain states where offered, customers may choose involuntary unemployment insurance for payment protection in the form of loan payment assistance due to an unexpected job loss. Customers may also choose property insurance coverage to protect the value of loan collateral against damage, theft or destruction. We write these various insurance products as an agent for a non-affiliated insurance company. Under various agreements, our wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, Frandisco Life Insurance Company and Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company, reinsure the insurance coverage on our customers written by this non-affiliated insurance company. 
 
 Financial Condition: 
 The Company s total assets increased 25.3 million (2 to 1,265.6 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 1,240.3 million at December 31, 2023. Increases in cash and cash equivalents, investment securities, fixed assets, and loan acquisitions in process were partially offset by decreases in our net loan portfolio, restricted cash, and loan purchase premium. 
 1 

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) increased 12.2 million (54 at September 30, 2024 while restricted cash decreased 4.7 million (39 compared to December 31, 2023. Restricted cash consists of funds maintained in restricted accounts at the Company's insurance subsidiaries in order to comply with certain requirements imposed on insurance companies by the State of Georgia and to meet the reserve requirements of its reinsurance agreements. See Note 3, "Investment Securities" in the accompanying "Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion of amounts held in trust. Restricted cash also includes escrow deposits held by the Company on behalf of certain mortgage real estate customers. 
 Gross loan originations increased 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 originations increased 60.1 million compared to the same period last year. Our net loan portfolio decreased 3.2 million to 859.6 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 862.8 million at December 31, 2023. Included in our net loan portfolio is our allowance for credit losses which reflects estimated current expected credit losses in the loan portfolio as of the date of the statement of financial position. Management increased the allowance 0.3 million to 71.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 71.4 million at December 31, 2023. See Note 2, Allowance for Credit Losses, in the accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s allowance for credit losses. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is adequate to cover expected losses inherent in the portfolio as of September 30, 2024; however, unexpected changes in trends or deterioration in economic conditions could result in additional changes in the allowance. Any change in our allowance for credit losses could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition in the future. 
 The Company s investment securities portfolio increased 13.0 million compared to the prior year-end. The majority of the increase was due to an increase in fair market values. The portfolio consists primarily of invested surplus funds generated by the Company's insurance subsidiaries. Management maintains what it believes to be a conservative approach when formulating its investment strategy. The Company does not participate in hedging programs, interest rate swaps or other similar activities. This investment portfolio consists mainly of government agency bonds and various municipal bonds. Investment securities have been designated as available-for-sale at September 30, 2024 with any unrealized gain or loss accounted for in the equity section of the Company s consolidated statement of financial position, net of deferred income taxes for those investments held by the insurance subsidiaries as well as the statement of comprehensive income. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets increased 0.3 million (1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 mainly due to an increase in the number branches in the Company's network. 
 Other assets increased by 7.7 million (15 compared to the prior year-end. Increases in loan acquisitions in process of 5.3 million, prepaid IT expenses of 2.9 million, and fixed assets of 1.7 million were partially offset by a decrease in loan purchase premium of 1.7 million. 
 The Company's senior debt is comprised of a line of credit from a bank and the Company s senior demand notes and commercial paper debt securities. Our subordinated debt is comprised of the variable rate subordinated debentures sold by the Company. The aggregate amount of senior and subordinated debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 was 934.1 million compared to 912.7 million at December 31, 2023, representing an increase of 21.4 million (2 ). There was an increase of 42.3 million (6 in commercial paper and 1.7 million (6 in subordinated debentures partially offset by a decrease of 15.5 million (13 in the outstanding balance on the bank line of credit and a decrease of 7.3 million (7 in senior demand notes. 
 Operating lease liabilities increased 0.4 million (1 and accrued expenses and other liabilities increased 1.8 million (9 to 21.7 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 20.0 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations : 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total revenues were 96.3 million and 282.9 million, respectively, compared to 89.9 million and 259.5 million during the same periods a year ago. Year-over-year growth in the Company s gross loan portfolio resulted in higher interest and finance charge revenue. Increases in the Company's insurance premium and commission revenues of 2.9 million (20 and 5.8 million (14 respectively, also resulted in higher revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net income was 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a 9.1 million decrease compared to the same period last year. The increased provision for credit losses and higher interest, personnel, and other expenses offset revenue gains for the three month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to last year. Net income of 2.2 million for the nine month period ended 
 2 

September 30, 2024, represents an 1.0 million (31 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. Higher interest and operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were partially offset by higher revenue and the reduced provision for credit losses. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income represents the difference between income on earning assets (loans and investments) and the cost of funds on interest bearing liabilities. Our net interest income is affected by the size and mix of our loan and investment portfolios as well as the spread between interest and finance charges earned on the respective assets and interest incurred on our debt. Net interest income increased 1.7 million (3 and 7.9 million (4 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. An increase in our average daily net loan balances of 66.0 million (7 during the nine months just ended compared to the same period a year ago was offset by increased borrowing costs. 
 Average daily borrowings increased 58.7 million (7 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared the same period last year. The Company's average borrowing rates were 5.79 and 4.75 during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Interest expense increased 1.9 million (16 and 9.6 million (31 during the three and nine months just ended, respectively, compared to the same periods a year ago due to the higher average daily borrowings and higher cost of funds. 
 Management projects that, based on historical results and current estimates, average net receivables will grow during the remainder of 2024, and net interest income is expected to increase accordingly. However, a decrease in net receivables or an increase in interest rates on outstanding borrowings could negatively impact our net interest income. 
 Insurance Revenue 
 Insurance revenues were 2.9 million (20 and 5.8 million (14 higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods a year ago. Insurance claims and expenses increased 0.5 million (13 for the three month period just ended and there was a decrease of 0.1 million (1 during the nine month period just ended, as compared to the same periods a year ago. 
 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue decreased 0.1 million (3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue increased 0.2 million (4 compared to the same period a year ago. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is mainly due to higher sales of auto club memberships offered to loan customers. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The Company s provision for credit losses is a charge against earnings to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level that Management estimates is adequate to cover expected losses as of the date of the statement of financial position. See Note 2. Allowance for Credit Losses, in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s provision for credit losses. 
 The provision for credit losses increased 5.6 million (38 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the provision for credit losses decreased 1.0 million (2 compared to the same period last year. Net charge-offs decreased 0.6 million (2.8 and decreased 5.6 million (8 to 19.5 million and 60.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods last year. 
 The allowance for credit losses increased by 0.3 million to 71.7 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 71.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Determining a proper allowance for credit losses is a critical accounting estimate which involves Management s judgment with respect to certain relevant factors, such as historical and expected loss trends, unemployment rates in various locales, delinquency levels, bankruptcy trends and overall general and industry specific economic conditions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company engaged a major rating service provider to assist with estimating the instances of loss ("Probability of Default" or "PD") and the average severity 
 3 

of losses ("Loss Given Default" or "LGD") using the characteristics of our loan portfolio, along with incorporating a reasonable and supportable forecast which is utilized to support the adjustments to historical loss experience of loans with similar credit risk. Key segmentation in the technique is origination vintage, remaining contractual term, risk score and state of origination. The technique produces a variety of alternative economic scenarios. We consider how macroeconomic and/or other factors might impact expected credit losses over the remaining maturity of the portfolio and determine which scenario(s) and specific scenario weights are applied within the estimation. The allowance for credit losses recorded in the balance sheet reflects Management s best estimate of expected credit losses. For further information regarding the technique, refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section below. In addition, please see Note 2, "Loans" in the accompanying "Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion of estimated credit losses. Management may determine it is appropriate to increase or decrease the allowance for expected credit losses in future period, or actual losses in any period, either of which events could have a material impact on our results of operations in the future. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses increased 7.4 million (15 and increased 15.2 million (10 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods a year ago. Other operating expenses encompass personnel expense, occupancy expense and miscellaneous other expenses. 
 Personnel expense increased 3.4 million (12 and increased 7.8 million (9 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. An increase in the number of employees, medical claims, and inflation-based salary adjustments for certain team members were the primary reasons for the increase. 
 Occupancy expenses increased 0.8 million (17 and increased 1.9 million (13 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods a year ago. Increases in monthly rent expenses, depreciation expenses, and new branch openings attributed to the increase in occupancy expenses. 
 Other expenses increased 3.2 million (21 and increased 5.5 million (11 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. Higher amortization of loan premiums, consultant fees, and training expenses were the primary factors driving the increase in miscellaneous other operating expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be, and is, treated as an S corporation for income tax reporting purposes. Taxable income or loss of an S corporation is passed through to, and included in, the individual tax returns of the shareholders of the Company, rather than being taxed at the corporate level. Notwithstanding this election, however, income taxes continue to be reported for, and paid by, the Company's insurance subsidiaries as they are not allowed to be treated as S corporations, and for the Company s state taxes in Louisiana, which does not recognize S corporation status. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized and provisions for current and deferred income taxes continue to be recorded by the Company s subsidiaries. The Company uses the liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes and provides deferred income taxes for all significant income tax temporary differences. 
 Effective income tax rate was 94 and 66 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 13 and 52 during the same periods ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate differs from the statutory rate due to changes in the proportion of income earned by the Company's insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk : 
 Volatility in market interest rates can impact the Company s investment portfolio and the interest rates paid on its bank borrowings and debt securities. Changes in interest rates have more impact on the income earned on investments and the Company s borrowing costs than on interest income earned on loans, as Management does not normally change the rates charged on loans originated solely as a result of changes in the interest rate environment. These exposures are monitored and managed by the Company as an integral part of its overall cash management program. It is Management s goal to minimize any adverse effect that 
 4 

movements in interest rates may have on the financial condition and operations of the Company. Please refer to the market risk analysis discussion in our 2023 Annual Report as, for a more detailed analysis of our market risk exposure. There have been no material changes to our market risk during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources : 
 Liquidity is the ability of the Company to meet its ongoing financial obligations, either through the collection of receivables or by generating additional funds through liability management. The Company's liquidity is therefore dependent on the collection of its receivables, the sale of debt securities and the continued availability of funds under the Company's revolving credit agreement. 
 We continue to monitor and review current economic conditions and the related potential implications on us, including with respect to, among other things, changes in credit losses, liquidity, compliance with our debt covenants, and relationships with our customers. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 35.0 million and 22.8 million, respectively, invested in cash and short-term investments readily convertible into cash with original maturities of three months or less. The Company uses cash reserves to fund its operations, including providing funds for any increase in redemptions of debt securities by investors which may occur. 
 The Company's investment securities can be converted into cash, if necessary. Georgia state insurance regulations limit the use an insurance company can make of its assets. Ordinary dividend payments to the Company by its wholly owned life insurance subsidiary are subject to annual limitations and are restricted to the lesser of 10 of policyholder's statutory surplus or the net statutory gain from operations before recognizing realized investment gains of the individual insurance subsidiary during the prior year. Dividend payments to a parent company by its wholly-owned property and casualty subsidiary are subject to annual limitations and are restricted to the lessor of 10 of policyholders' surplus or the net statutory income before recognizing realized investment gains of the individual insurance subsidiary during the prior two years. Any dividends above these state limitations are termed "extraordinary dividends" and must be approved in advance by the Georgia Insurance Commissioner. The maximum aggregate amount of dividends these subsidiaries could have paid to the Company during 2023, without prior approval of the Georgia Insurance Commissioner, was approximately 40.8 million. 
 At December 31, 2023, Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company and Frandisco Life Insurance Company had a statutory surplus of 129.9 million and 111.0 million, respectively. The maximum aggregate amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay to the Company during 2024, without prior approval of the Georgia Insurance Commissioner, was 49.7 million. On November 28, 2023, Management submitted a request for approval of two separate transactions involving dividends and/or lines of credit with maximum amounts of 90.0 million from Frandisco Life Insurance Company and 105.0 million from Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company. The Commissioner of the Insurance Department did not deny such requests within the 30 days allotted by law, thereby granting approval for transactions on or before December 31, 2024. Effective February 1, 2024, Frandisco Life Insurance Company and Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company amended previous unsecured revolving lines of credit available to the Company by extending the term to December 31, 2027. At September 30, 2024, an advance of 30.0 million and accrued interest of 3.6 million on this advance was outstanding on the Parent's credit line with Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company. 
 Most of the Company's loan portfolio is financed through sales of its various debt securities, which, because of certain redemption features contained therein, have shorter average maturities than the loan portfolio as a whole. The difference in maturities may adversely affect liquidity if the Company is not able to continue to sell debt securities at interest rates and on terms that are responsive to the demands of the marketplace or maintain sufficient borrowing availability under our credit facility. 
 The Company's continued liquidity is therefore also dependent on the collection of its receivables and the sale of debt securities that meet the investment requirements of the public. In addition to its receivables and securities sales, the Company has an external source of funds available under a revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. This credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the "credit agreement") provides for borrowings or re-borrowings of up to 230.0 million or 70 of the Company's net finance receivables (as defined in the credit agreement), whichever is less, subject to certain limitations, and all borrowings are secured 
 5 

by the finance receivables of the Company. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 106.6 million and 122.1 million, respectively, were outstanding under the credit line. The credit agreement has a commitment termination date of February 28, 2025. Management believes the current credit facility, when considered with funds expected to be available from operations, should provide sufficient liquidity for the Company. 
 Available but unborrowed amounts under the credit agreement are subject to a periodic unused line fee of 0.50 . The interest rate under the credit agreement is equivalent to the greater of (a) 0.75 per annum plus the Applicable Margin or (b) the one month secured overnight financing rate (the SOFR Rate plus the term SOFR adjustment (the "Adjusted Term SOFR Rate") plus the Applicable Margin. The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is adjusted on the first day of each calendar month based upon the SOFR Rate as of the last day of the preceding calendar month. The Applicable Margin is 2.75 . The interest rate on the credit agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 8.05 and 8.19 , respectively. 
 The credit agreement requires the Company to comply with certain covenants customary for financing transactions of this nature, including, among others, maintaining a minimum interest coverage ratio, a minimum loss reserve ratio, a minimum ratio of earnings to interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization to interest expense, a minimum asset quality ratio, a minimum consolidated tangible net worth ratio, and a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio, each as defined in the credit agreement. The Company must also comply with certain restrictions on its activities consistent with credit facilities of this type, including limitations on: (a) restricted payments; (b) additional debt obligations (other than specified debt obligations); (c) investments (other than specified investments); (d) mergers, acquisitions, or a liquidation or winding up; (e) modifying its organizational documents or changing lines of business; (f) modifying certain contracts; (g) certain affiliate transactions; (h) sale-leaseback, synthetic lease, or similar transactions; (i) guaranteeing additional indebtedness (other than specified indebtedness); (j) capital expenditures; or (k) speculative transactions. The credit agreement also restricts the Company or any of its subsidiaries from creating or allowing certain liens on their assets, entering into agreements that restrict their ability to grant liens (other than specified agreements), or creating or allowing restrictions on any of their ability to make dividends, distributions, inter-company loans or guaranties, or other inter-company payments, or inter-company asset transfers. 
 Any increase in the Company's allowance for credit losses would not directly affect the Company's liquidity, as any adjustment to the allowance has no impact on cash; however, an increase in the actual loss rate may have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity. The inability to collect loans could materially impact the Company's liquidity in the future. 
 The Company anticipates that its cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, available lines of credit, and borrowings from time to time under the credit agreement will be sufficient to fund its liquidity needs for the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies : 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and conform to general practices within the financial services industry. The Company s critical accounting and reporting policies include the allowance for credit losses, revenue recognition and insurance claims reserves. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Provisions for credit losses are charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level considered adequate to cover expected credit losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is established based on the determination of the amount of expected losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the reporting date. 
 The Company uses a PD / LGD technique to estimate the allowance for credit losses, in which the estimated loss is equal to the product of PD and LGD. Historical net finance receivables are tracked over the term of the loan pools to identify the instances of loss (PDs) and the average severity of losses (LGDs). We engaged a major rating service provider to assist with incorporating a reasonable and supportable forecast which is utilized to support the adjustments to historical loss experience of loans with similar credit risk. Key segmentation in the technique is origination vintage, remaining contractual term, risk score and state of origination. The technique produces a variety of alternative economic scenarios. We consider how macroeconomic or other factors might impact expected credit losses over the remaining maturity of the portfolio 
 6 

and determine which scenario(s) and specific scenario weights to be applied within the estimation. The allowance for credit losses recorded in the balance sheet reflects our best estimate of expected credit losses. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require that an interest yield method be used to calculate the income recognized on accounts which have precomputed charges. An interest yield method is used by the Company on each individual account with precomputed charges to calculate income for those active accounts; however, state regulations often allow interest refunds to be made according to the Rule of 78 s method for payoffs and renewals. Since the majority of the Company's accounts with precomputed charges are paid off or renewed prior to maturity, the result is that most of those accounts effectively yield on a Rule of 78's basis. 
 Precomputed finance charges are included in the gross amount of certain direct cash loans and sales finance contracts. These precomputed charges are deferred and recognized as income on an accrual basis using the effective interest method. Some other cash loans and real estate loans, which do not have precomputed charges, have income recognized on a simple interest accrual basis. Income is not accrued on any loan that is more than 60 days past due. 
 Loan fees and origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to the loan yield over the contractual life of the related loan. 
 The property and casualty credit insurance policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance company, are reinsured by the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiary. The premiums on these policies are deferred and earned over the period of insurance coverage using the pro-rata method or the effective yield method, depending on whether the amount of insurance coverage generally remains level or declines. 
 The credit life and accident and health insurance policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance company, are reinsured by the Company s life insurance subsidiary. The premiums are deferred and earned using the pro-rata method for level-term life insurance policies and the effective yield method for decreasing-term life policies. Premiums on accident and health insurance policies are earned based on an average of the pro-rata method and the effective yield method. 
 Insurance Claims Reserves 
 Included in unearned insurance premiums and commissions on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are reserves for incurred but unpaid credit insurance claims for policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance underwriter, and reinsured by the Company s wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries. These reserves are established based on generally accepted actuarial methods. In the event that the Company s actual reported losses for any given period are materially in excess of the previously estimated amounts, such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 Different assumptions in the application of any of these policies could result in material changes in the Company s consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements: 
 See Note 1, "Basis of Presentation - Recent Accounting Pronouncements," in the accompanying "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a discussion of new accounting standards and the expected impact of accounting standards recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. For pronouncements already adopted, any material impacts on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements are discussed in the applicable section(s) of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED CASH LOANS: Direct Cash Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Less: Unearned Finance Charges Unearned Insurance Premiums and Commissions Allowance for Credit Losses Net Loans INVESTMENT SECURITIES: Available-for-Sale, at fair value OTHER ASSETS: Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY SENIOR DEBT SUBORDINATED DEBT OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred Stock: par value, shares authorized; shares outstanding 
 Common Stock Voting Shares; par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding 
 Non-Voting Shares; no par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND RETAINED EARNINGS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for Credit Losses NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES INSURANCE INCOME Premiums and Commissions Insurance Claims and Expenses Total Net Insurance Income OTHER REVENUE OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES Personnel Expense Occupancy Expense Other Total INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Provision for Income Taxes NET INCOME BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Shares Outstanding for All Periods voting, non-voting) 
 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss): Net changes related to available-for-sale securities Unrealized gain / (losses) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net unrealized income / (losses) ) ) ) Less reclassification of gain to net income Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) ) ) ) Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss) ) ) 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 

1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Three Months Ended September 30, 2024: Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive Income: Net Income Other Comprehensive Income Total Comprehensive Income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Comprehensive Income: Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) Total Comprehensive Loss ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive Income: Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) Total Comprehensive Income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Comprehensive Income: Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) Total Comprehensive Loss ) Cash Distributions Paid ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 

1 ST FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Deferred tax benefit Net gains due to called redemptions of marketable securities and amortization on securities ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in other liabilities ) Net Cash Provided CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Loans originated or purchased ) ) Loan payments Purchases of securities, available-for-sale ) ) Redemptions of securities, available-for-sale Capital Expenditures ) ) Proceeds from Sale of Fixed Assets Net Cash Used ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net decrease in senior demand notes ) ) Advances on credit line Payments on credit line ) ) Commercial paper issued Commercial paper redeemed ) ) Subordinated debt securities issued Subordinated debt securities redeemed ) ) Dividends / distributions ) Net Cash Provided NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, ending Cash paid during the year for - Interest Paid Income Taxes Paid Non-cash transactions for - ROU assets and associated liabilities 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 

-NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS- 
 
 Note 1 
 Restricted Cash Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 The Company categorizes its primary sources of revenue into three categories: (1) interest related revenue, (2) insurance related revenue and (3) other revenue from contracts with customers. 
 Interest related revenues are specifically excluded from the scope of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and accounted for under ASC Topic 310, Receivables . 
 Insurance related revenues are subject to industry-specific guidance within the scope of ASC Topic 944, Financial Services Insurance . 
 Other revenues primarily relate to commissions earned by the Company on sales of auto club memberships. Auto club commissions are revenue from contracts with customers and are accounted for in accordance with the guidance set forth in ASC Topic 606. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized interest related revenue of million and million, respectively, insurance related revenue of million and million, respectively, and other revenue from contracts with customers of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized interest related revenue of million and million, respectively, insurance related revenue of million and million, and other revenues of million and million, respectively. 
 
 13 

Note 2 
 
 14 

Purchased Less Non-Cash Reconciling items: Other Consumer renewed loans (live check and premier) Other non-cash activity: unearned finance charges, origination fees, discounts, premiums, and deferred fees Loans originated or purchased per Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 15 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 The Company s Gross Balance (in thousands) on non-accrual loans by loan class are as follows: 
 Loan Class September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 December 31, 2023 Loan Class 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Loans Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 While aging analysis is the primary credit quality indicator, we also consider loans in non-accrual status, loan restructures where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, the ratio of bankrupt accounts to the total Gross Outstanding, and economic factors in evaluating whether any qualitative adjustments were necessary to the allowance for credit losses. 
 16 

at September 30, 2024, compared to at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Nonperforming Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Performing Nonperforming Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Performing Nonperforming Real Estate Loans: Performing Nonperforming Sales Finance Contracts: Performing Nonperforming 
 (1) Includes loans originated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 
 The Company allows refinancing of delinquent loans on a case-by-case basis for those who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. The eligible customers can include those experiencing temporary hardships, lawsuits, or customers who have declared bankruptcy. In most cases, the loans that are eligible for restructuring are between 90 and 180 days past due. We do not allow the amount of the new loan to exceed the original amount of the existing loan and we believe that refinancing the delinquent loans for certain customers provides the Company with an opportunity to increase its average loans outstanding and its interest, fees, and other income without experiencing a significant increase in loan losses. These refinancings also provide a resolution to temporary financial setbacks for these borrowers and sustain their credit rating. 
 
 Legal fees and other direct costs incurred by the Company during a restructuring are expensed when incurred. The effective interest rate for restructured loans is based on the original contractual rate, not the rate specified in the restructuring agreement. The modified loans are adjusted to be recorded at the value of expected cash flows to be received in the future. Modifications that lower the principal balance experience a direct charge-off for the difference of the original and modified principal amount. Substantially all of the restructurings relate to fee and interest rate concessions. The Company only lowers the principal balance in the event of a court order. 

17 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Loan Class Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Loan Class Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 18 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 

19 

million 
 Premier Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans 
 
 20 

million 
 Premier Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Other Consumer Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Real Estate Loans No Financial Effect Sales Finance Contracts Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Interest Rate Reduction Live Check Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Premier Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Other Consumer Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Real Estate Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Sales Finance Contracts Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Term Extension Live Check Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Premier Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Other Consumer Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Real Estate Loans No Financial Effect Sales Finance Contracts Added a weighted average months to the term 
 
 As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Loan Modification Loan Class Financial Effect Principal Forgiveness Live Check Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Premier Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Other Consumer Loans Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Real Estate Loans No Financial Effect Sales Finance Contracts Reduced the gross balance of the loans million 
 Interest Rate Reduction Live Check Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Premier Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Other Consumer Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Real Estate Loans Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Sales Finance Contracts Reduced the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 Term Extension Live Check Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Premier Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Other Consumer Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Real Estate Loans Added a weighted average months to the term 
 Sales Finance Contracts Added a weighted average months to the term 

21 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 September 30, 2023 Loan Class Current 30 - 89 Past Due 90+ Past Due Total Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 22 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Loan Class Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Combination- Term Extension and Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Loan Class Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Principal Forgiveness Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses: 
 The Company uses a Probability of Default PD / Loss Given Default LGD technique to estimate the allowance for credit losses, in which the estimated loss is equal to the product of PD and LGD. We utilized this same technique for the current reporting period. We engaged a major rating service provider to assist with estimating the instances of loss (PDs) and the average severity of losses (LGDs) using the characteristics of our loan portfolio, along with incorporating a reasonable and supportable forecast which is utilized to support the adjustments to historical loss experience of loans with similar credit risk. Key segmentation in the technique is 
 23 

million to million as of September 30, 2024, compared to million at December 31, 2023. 
 Management believes that the allowance for credit losses, as calculated in accordance with the Company s current expected credit loss CECL methodology, is appropriate to cover expected credit losses on loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; however, because the allowance for credit losses is based on estimates, there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will match such estimates. Management may determine it is appropriate to increase or decrease the allowance for expected credit losses in future periods, or actual losses in any period, either of which events could have a material impact on our results of operations in the future. 
 Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 24 

Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Direct Cash Loans: Live Check Loans Direct Cash Loans: Premier Loans Direct Cash Loans: Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total 

25 

Provision for Credit Losses ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending Balance 9/30/2024 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Live Check Loans Premier Loans Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total Allowance for Credit Losses: Ending Balance 6/30/2023 Provision for Credit Losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending Balance 9/30/2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Live Checks Premier Loans Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total Allowance for Credit Losses: Balance as of 12/31/2023 Provision for Credit Losses ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending Balance 9/30/2024 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Live Checks Premier Loans Other Consumer Loans Real Estate Loans Sales Finance Contracts Total Allowance for Credit Losses: Balance as of 12/31/2022 Provision for Credit Losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending Balance 9/30/2023 

26 

Note 3 
 Corporate securities Total 
 Gross unrealized losses on investment securities totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) ) 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total December 31, 2023 Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Available-for-Sale: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) 
 
 The previous two tables represent and investments held by the Company at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, the majority of which are rated A or higher by Moody s and/or Standard Poor s. The unrealized losses on the Company s investments listed in the above table were primarily the result of interest rate and market fluctuations. Based on the credit ratings of these investments, along with the consideration of whether the Company has the intent to sell or will be more likely than not required to sell the applicable investment before recovery of amortized cost basis, no other than temporary impairment was determined to be necessary as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 No investment securities were sold during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company sold no securities during the year ended December 31, 2023. Proceeds from redemption of investments due the exercise of call provisions by the issuers thereof and regularly scheduled maturities totaled million with a net gain of million and million with a net gain of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company s insurance subsidiaries internally designate certain investments as restricted to cover their policy reserves and loss reserves. Funds are held in separate trusts for the benefit of each insurance subsidiary at U.S. Bank National Association ("US Bank"). US Bank serves as trustee under trust agreements with the Company's property and casualty insurance company subsidiary Frandisco P C ). These trusts held million and million in available-for-sale investment securities at market value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. US Bank also serves as trustee under trust agreements with the Company's life insurance company subsidiary ("Frandisco Life"). At September 30, 2024, these trusts held million in available-for-sale investment securities at market value compared to million at December 31, 2023. The amounts required to be held in each trust change as required reserves change. All earnings on assets in the trusts are remitted to the Company's insurance subsidiaries. 
 27 

Note 4 
 million carrying value of the Company's senior debt securities approximates fair value due to the relatively short period of time between the origination of the instruments and their expected payment. Senior debt securities are classified as a Level 2 financial liability. 
 Subordinated Debt Securities: The million carrying value of the Company's subordinated debt securities approximates fair value due to the re-pricing frequency of the securities. Subordinated debt securities are classified as a Level 2 financial liability. 
 The Company is responsible for the valuation process and as part of this process may use data from outside sources in establishing fair value. The Company performs due diligence to understand the inputs and how the data was calculated or derived. The Company employs a market approach in the valuation of its obligations of states, political subdivisions and municipal revenue bonds that are available-for-sale. These investments are valued on the basis of current market quotations provided by independent pricing services selected by Management based on the advice of an investment manager. To determine the value of a particular investment, these independent pricing services may use certain information with respect to market transactions in such investment or comparable investments, various relationships observed in the market between investments, quotations from dealers, and pricing metrics and calculated yield measures based on valuation methodologies commonly employed in the market for such investments. Quoted prices are subject to our internal price verification procedures. We validate prices received using a variety of methods including, but not limited, to 
 28 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Description December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices In Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level3) Corporate securities Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total 

29 

Note 5 
 million and million, respectively, compared to million and million, respectively, for the same periods in the prior year. The Company s lease maturities schedules as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are presented in the tables that follow. 
 ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and the operating lease liabilities represent the Company s obligations for lease payments in accordance with the lease. Recognition of ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commitment date based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents the Company s incremental borrowing rate at the lease commitment date or the ASC Topic 842 adoption date. Operating lease expense, which is comprised of amortization of the ROU asset and the implicit interest accreted on the operating lease liability, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in occupancy expense in the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 Remaining lease terms range from to years. The Company s leases are not complex and do not contain residual value guarantees, variable lease payments, or significant assumptions or judgments made in applying the requirements of ASC Topic 842. Operating leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and the related lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities were million and million at September 30, 2024, respectively and million and million at September 30, 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2023 the operating lease ROU assets and operating liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases Lease maturity schedule as of September 30, 2024: Amount Remainder of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and beyond Total Less: Discount ) Present Value of Lease Liability 
 30 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases Lease maturity schedule as of September 30, 2023: Amount Remainder of 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total Less: Discount ) Present Value of Lease Liability 
 
 Note 6 

Note 7 
 31 

and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to and during the same periods ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate differs from the statutory rate due to changes in the proportion of income earned by the Company's insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Note 8 
 million or of the Company s net finance receivables (as defined in the credit agreement). Available borrowings under the credit agreement were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, at interest rates of and , respectively. Outstanding borrowings on the credit line were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The credit agreement contains covenants customary for financing transactions of this type. Required monthly reports include the Company's performance on its covenants. The credit agreement has a commitment termination date of February 28, 2025. 
 Available but unborrowed amounts under the credit agreement are subject to a periodic unused line fee of . The interest rate under the credit agreement is equivalent to the greater of (a) per annum plus the Applicable Margin or (b) the one month secured overnight financing rate (the SOFR Rate plus the term SOFR adjustment (the "Adjusted Term SOFR Rate") plus the Applicable Margin. The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is adjusted on the first day of each calendar month based upon the SOFR Rate as of the last day of the preceding calendar month. The Applicable Margin is . The interest rate on the credit agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The Company s Senior Demand Notes are unsecured obligations which are payable on demand. The interest rate payable on any Senior Demand Note is a variable rate, compounded daily, established from time to time by the Company. 
 Commercial paper is issued by the Company only to qualified investors, in amounts in excess of , with maturities of less than days and at interest rates that the Company believes are competitive in its market. 
 Senior Demand Notes Commercial Paper 
 As of December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Interest Rate Average Amount Outstanding During Year Bank Borrowings Senior Demand Notes Commercial Paper 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 The payment of the principal and interest on the Company s subordinated debt is subordinate and junior in right of payment to all unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. 
 Subordinated debt consists of Variable Rate Subordinated Debentures issued from time to time by the Company, and which mature after their date of issue The maturity date is automatically extended for 
 32 

term unless the holder or the Company redeems the debenture on its original maturity date or within any applicable grace period thereafter The debentures are offered and sold in various minimum purchase amounts with varying interest rates as established from time to time by the Company and interest adjustment periods for each respective minimum purchase amount. Interest rates on the debentures automatically adjust at the end of each adjustment period. The debentures may also be redeemed by the holder at the applicable interest adjustment date or within any applicable grace period thereafter without penalty. Redemptions at any other time are at the discretion of the Company and are subject to a penalty. The Company may redeem the debentures for a price equal to of the principal plus accrued but unpaid interest upon days notice to the holder. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Interest Rate Average Amount Outstanding During Year 

Note 9 
 per year from certain officers or stockholders. 
 The Company engages from time to time in transactions with related parties. The Company has an outstanding loan to a real estate development partnership of which David Cheek (son of Ben F. Cheek, III) who beneficially owns of the Company s voting stock, is a partner. The balance on this commercial loan (including principal and accrued interest) was million at September 30, 2024. 
 The Company also has a loan for premium payments to a trust of a retired executive officer s irrevocable life insurance policy. The principal balance on this loan at September 30, 2024 was million. Please refer to the disclosure contained in Note 12 Related Party Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on related party transactions. 

Note 10 
 divisions which comprise its operations. Each division consists of branch offices that are aggregated based on vice president responsibility and geographic location. Each state has one vice president of operations, with the exception of Georgia. Georgia is split into three divisions, North Georgia ("NGA"), Middle Georgia ("MGA"), and South Georgia ("SGA"). 
 Accounting policies of each of the divisions are the same as those for the Company as a whole. Performance is measured based on objectives set at the beginning of each year and include various factors such as division profit, growth in earning assets and delinquency and loan loss management. All division revenues result from 
 33 

3 Months Ended 09/30/2023 9 Months Ended 09/30/2024 9 Months Ended 09/30/2023 Division Profit: 3 Months Ended 09/30/2024 ) ) ) 3 Months Ended 09/30/2023 ) ) ) 9 Months Ended 09/30/2024 ) ) ) 9 Months Ended 09/30/2023 ) ) ) Division Assets: 09/30/2024 12/31/2023 

(in thousands) 
 3 Months Ended 09/30/2024 3 Months Ended 09/30/2023 9 Months Ended 09/30/2024 9 Months Ended 09/30/2023 Reconciliation of Revenues: Total revenues from reportable divisions Corporate finance charges earned, not allocated to divisions Corporate investment income earned, not allocated to divisions Timing difference of insurance income allocation to divisions Other revenue not allocated to divisions ) Consolidated Revenues (1) 3 Months Ended 09/30/2024 3 Months Ended 09/30/2023 9 Months Ended 09/30/2024 9 Months Ended 09/30/2023 Reconciliation of Income Before Taxes: Profit per division Corporate earnings not allocated Corporate expenses not allocated ) ) ) ) Consolidated Income Before Income Taxes 
 
 (1) Includes Finance Charge Income, Investment Income, Insurance Premium Revenues and Other Revenue. 
 34 

BRANCH OPERATIONS Pat Smith Senior Vice President Billy Fuller Senior Vice President MIDDLE GEORGIA 
 SOUTH CAROLINA Jennifer C. Purser Vice President M. Summer Clevenger Vice President Regional Operations Directors Regional Operations Directors Janet R. Brownlee James A. Mahaffey Nicholas D. Blevins Gerald D. Rhoden Ronald E. Byerly Deloris O Neal Lonnie Boston III Gregory A. Shealy Kathryn D. Landry Harriet H. Welch Jenna L. Henderson Louise S. Stokes Tammy T. Lee SOUTH GEORGIA 
 NORTH GEORGIA 
 Michael E. Shankles Vice President Becki B. Lawhon Vice President Regional Operations Directors Regional Operations Directors Stacy M. Courson Wanda Parham James D. Blalock Christian J. Murray Jeffrey C. Lee David B. Surrett Kevin M. Gray April Pelphrey Sylvia J. McClung Robert D. Whitlock Nokie Moore F. Cliff Snyder ALABAMA 
 TENNESSEE Jerry W. Hughes Vice President Josh Nickerson Vice President Regional Operations Directors Regional Operations Directors Tonya Slaten Peyton Givens Jerry Cline Angie Stafford Sue Iser Jonathan Kendrick Brian Hill Tammy Hood Eric Hayes Michael L. Spriggs Steve Knotts Melissa Storck William J. Pridmore MISSISSIPPI 
 KENTUCKY Marty B. Miskelly Vice President Chad Frederick Vice President Regional Operations Directors Regional Operations Directors 
 Jimmy Fairbanks Rebecca Rockette Gary Zortman Daniel ("DJ") Powell Teresa Grantham Maurice Bize Zack Coker Carol Eldridge LOUISIANA VIRGINIA John B. Gray Vice President Rich Corirossi Assistant Vice President Regional Operations Directors Sonya L. Acosta Tabatha A. Green Bryan W. Cook Anthony B. Seney L. Christopher Deakle TEXAS Lori A. Sanchez Vice President Regional Operations Directors Lauren M. Munoz Chadd D. Stewart Brittany L. Rubio 
 35 

BRANCH OPERATIONS ALABAMA Adamsville Brewton Fort Payne Moody Pell City Talladega Albertville Clanton Gadsden Moulton Prattville Tallassee Alexander City Cullman Hamilton Muscle Shoals Robertsdale Troy Andalusia Decatur Huntsville (2) Oneonta 
 Russellville (2) Trussville Arab Dothan 
 Jackson Opelika Saraland Tuscaloosa Athens Enterprise Jasper Oxford Scottsboro Wetumpka Bay Minette Fayette Mobile Ozark Selma Bessemer Florence Montgomery Pelham Sylacauga GEORGIA Adel Cartersville Douglasville Hawkinsville Monroe Thomasville Albany (2) 
 Cedartown Dublin Hazlehurst Montezuma Thomson Alma Chatsworth East Ellijay Helena Monticello Tifton Americus Clarkesville Eastman Hinesville (2) 
 Moultrie Toccoa Athens (2) 
 Claxton Eatonton Hiram Nashville Tucker Augusta Clayton Elberton Hogansville Newnan Valdosta Bainbridge Cleveland Fayetteville Jackson Perry Vidalia Barnesville Cochran Fitzgerald Jasper Pooler Villa Rica Baxley Columbus (2) 
 Flowery Branch Jefferson Richmond Hill Warner Robins (2) 
 Blairsville Commerce Forest Park Jesup Rome Washington Blakely Conyers Forsyth Kennesaw Royston Waycross Blue Ridge Cordele Fort Valley LaGrange Sandersville Waynesboro Bremen Cornelia Ft. Oglethorpe Lavonia Savannah Winder Brunswick Covington Gainesville Lawrenceville Statesboro Butler Cumming Garden City Macon (2) 
 Stockbridge Cairo Dahlonega Georgetown Madison Swainsboro Calhoun Dalton Greensboro Manchester Sylvania Canton Dawson Griffin McDonough Sylvester Carrollton Douglas (2) Hartwell Milledgeville Thomaston KENTUCKY Burkesville Harlan Louisville Morehead Richmond Somerset Cadiz Hopkinsville 
 Madisonville 
 Owensboro Shelbyville 
 Elizabethtown Jackson 
 Middlesboro Paducah Shepherdsville 
 36 

BRANCH OPERATIONS (Continued) LOUISIANA Abbeville Crowley Jena Marksville New Iberia Slidell Alexandria Denham Springs Kenner Marrero Opelousas Sulphur Baker DeRidder Lafayette Minden Pineville Thibodaux Bastrop Eunice Lake Charles Monroe Prairieville West Monroe Baton Rouge Franklin LaPlace Morgan City Ruston Winnsboro Bossier City Hammond Leesville Natchitoches Shreveport Covington Houma MISSISSIPPI Amory Columbia Gulfport Laurel Olive Branch Ridgeland Batesville Columbus Hattiesburg Louisville Oxford Ripley Bay St. Louis Corinth Hazlehurst Magee Pearl Senatobia Booneville D Iberville Hernando McComb Philadelphia Starkville Brookhaven Forest Houston Meridian Picayune Tupelo Carthage Greenwood Iuka New Albany Pontotoc Winona Clinton Grenada Kosciusko Newton SOUTH CAROLINA Aiken Cheraw Gaffney Lancaster Newberry Spartanburg Anderson Chester Georgetown Laurens North Charleston Summerville Batesburg- Leesvile Columbia Greenwood Lexington North Greenville Sumter Beaufort Conway Greer Manning Orangeburg Union Boling Springs Dillon Hartsville Marion Rock Hill Walterboro Camden Easley Irmo Moncks Corner Seneca Winnsboro Cayce Florence Lake City Myrtle Beach Simpsonville York Charleston TENNESSEE Athens Crossville Greeneville Lebanon Murfreesboro Smyrna Bristol Dayton Hixson Lenoir City Newport Springfield Clarksville Dickson Jacksboro Lexington Powell Tazewell Cleveland Dyersburg Jackson Madisonville Pulaski Tullahoma Columbia Elizabethton Johnson City Maryville Savannah Winchester Cookeville Fayetteville Kingsport Millington Sevierville Cordova Gallatin Lafayette Morristown TEXAS Austin (2) Houston Lufkin Pasadena San Marcos Texarkana Bastrop Huntsville Missouri City Pearland Temple Victoria Conroe Katy Mount Pleasant Rosenburg Corpus Christi Longview New Braunfels San Antonio (3) VIRGINIA Abingdon Chesapeake (2) Colonial Heights Danville Mechanicsville Yorktown 
 37 

DIRECTORS Ben F. Cheek, IV 
 Chairman 
 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 Ben F. Cheek, III 
 Chairman Emeritus 
 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 Virginia C. Herring 
 Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 
 David W. Cheek 
 Shareholder 
 
 A. Roger Guimond 
 Retired Executive Officer 
 1st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 Jerry J. Harrison, Jr. 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer 
 1st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 Donata Ison 
 Vice President of Finance Amhr 
 John G. Sample, Jr. 
 CPA 
 
 Sheryl Smith 
 Retired Chief Operating, Risk and Compliance Officer 
 
 Keith D. Watson 
 Chairman 
 Bowen Watson, Inc. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Ben F. Cheek, IV Chairman Ben F. Cheek, III Chairman Emeritus Virginia C. Herring Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel E. Clevenger, II Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Brian J. Gyomory Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry J. Harrison, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer Gary L. McQuain Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Mark J. Scarpitti Executive Vice President and General Counsel Corporate Secretary / Treasurer Joseph A. Shaw Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer LEGAL COUNSEL Jones Day 1221 Peachtree Street, N.E. Suite 400 Atlanta, Georgia 30361 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS Deloitte Touche LLP 
 1230 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 3100 
 Atlanta, Georgia 30309 
 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a1ffc20240930-exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Virginia C. Herring, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Virginia C. Herring Virginia C. Herring, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a1ffc20240930-exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Brian J. Gyomory, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Brian J. Gyomory Brian J. Gyomory, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a1ffc20240930-exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 135 EAST TUGALO STREET 
 P.O. BOX 880 
 TOCCOA, GEORGIA 30577 
 TELEPHONE (706) 886-7571 
 November 14, 2024 
 Re Certification Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the filing of the quarterly report of 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 s Virginia C. Herring Name Virginia C. Herring Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a1ffc20240930-exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 1 st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 135 EAST TUGALO STREET 
 P.O. BOX 880 
 TOCCOA, GEORGIA 30577 
 TELEPHONE (706) 886-7571 
 November 14, 2024 
 Re Certification Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the filing of the quarterly report of 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 s Brian J. Gyomory Name Brian J. Gyomory Title Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fil-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fil-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fil-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fil-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fil-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

