<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1127371_0001628280-24-045661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17262622</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1722350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8921199</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2890683</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3082045</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045661.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106151714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Community West Bancshares
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127371
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				770539125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31977
		FILM NUMBER:		241430562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720
		BUSINESS PHONE:		559-298-1775

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045661.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 cvcy-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cvcy-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Capital Market 
 (Title of Each Class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of Each Exchange on which Registered) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Small reporting company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 1 

As of October 31, 2024 there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 2 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 
 2024 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART 1 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 ITEM 1 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 5 
 ITEM 2 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 40 
 ITEM 3 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 59 
 ITEM 4 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 59 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 59 
 ITEM 1 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 59 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 59 
 ITEM 2 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 59 
 ITEM 3 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 59 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 59 
 ITEM 5 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 59 
 ITEM 6 
 EXHIBITS 
 60 
 SIGNATURES 
 61 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain matters set forth herein (including any exhibits hereto) constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including forward-looking statements relating to the Company s current business plans and expectations regarding future operating results. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, the use of forward-looking language, such as likely result in, expects, anticipates, estimates, forecasts, projects, intends to, or may include other similar words or phrases, such as believes, plans, trend, objective, continues, remains, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, would, should, could, may, might, can, or similar verbs. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, include, but are not limited to: 
 
 current and future business, economic and market conditions in the United States generally or in the communities we serve, including the effects of declines in property values and overall slowdowns in economic growth should these events occur; 
 inflationary pressures and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of financial instruments or our level of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make, whether held in the portfolio or in the secondary market; 
 effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board; 
 geopolitical and domestic political developments that can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability, contribute to rising energy and commodity prices, and increase the volatility of financial markets ; 
 changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge offs and other credit quality measures, and their impact on the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and our provision for credit losses; 
 factors that can impact the performance of our loan portfolio, including real estate values and liquidity in our primary market areas, the financial health of our commercial borrowers, and the success of construction projects that we finance; 
 our ability to achieve loan growth and attract deposits in our market area, the impact of the cost of deposits and our ability to retain deposits ; 
 liquidity issues, including fluctuations in the fair value and liquidity of the securities we hold for sale and our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary; 
 continued or increasing competition from other financial institutions, credit unions, and non-bank financial services companies, many of which are subject to different regulations than we are; 
 challenges arising from unsuccessful attempts to expand into new geographic markets, products, or services; 
 restraints on the ability of Community West Bank to pay dividends to us, which could limit our liquidity; 
 increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all; 
 inaccuracies in our assumptions about future events, which could result in material differences between our financial projections and actual financial performance; 
 changes in our management personnel or our inability to retain, motivate and hire qualified management personnel; 
 disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events, failures or interruptions in, or attacks on, our information technology systems; 
 disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events affecting the third-party vendors who perform several of our critical processing functions; 
 an inability to keep pace with the rate of technological advances due to a lack of resources to invest in new technologies; 
 risks related to the merger with Community West Bancshares, including, among others, the expected business expansion may be less successful as projected; the integration of each party s management, personnel and operations may not be successfully achieved or may be materially delayed or may be more costly or difficult than expected, deposit attrition, customer or employee loss and/or revenue loss as a result of the merger, and expenses related to the merger may be greater than expected; 
 natural disasters, such as earthquakes, drought, pandemic diseases (such as the coronavirus) or extreme weather events, any of which may affect services we use or affect our customers, employees or third parties with which we conduct business; 
 compliance with governmental and regulatory requirements, relating to banking, consumer protection, securities and tax matters; and 
 our ability to the manage the foregoing. 
 
 3 

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this report. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward looking statements in this report. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should not rely on any forward looking statements, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which they were made, as predictions of future events. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Further information on other factors that could affect the financial results of the Company are included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These documents are available free of charge at the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 4 

PART 1: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value, net of allowance for credit losses of , with an amortized cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Held-to-maturity debt securities, at amortized cost less allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Equity securities, at fair value Loans, less allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Bank premises and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance Federal Home Loan Bank stock Goodwill Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures, less debt issuance costs of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 9 
 shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except share and per-share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME: Interest and fees on loans Interest on deposits in other banks Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable Exempt from Federal income taxes Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Interest on senior debt and subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses (CREDIT) PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ) Net interest income after (credit) provision for credit losses NON-INTEREST INCOME: Service charges Net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities ) ) ) ) Other income Total non-interest income NON-INTEREST EXPENSES: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Other Total non-interest expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per common share: Basic earnings per share Weighted average common shares used in basic computation Diluted earnings per share Weighted average common shares used in diluted computation Cash dividend per common share 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification of net losses included in net income Amortization of net unrealized losses transferred Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Tax effect ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Net of Taxes) Total Shareholders Equity Common Stock Retained Earnings (In thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock granted net of forfeitures ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividend ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock granted net of forfeitures ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividend ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

8 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Net of Taxes) Total Shareholders Equity (In thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Implementation of ASU 2016-13, Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) Day 1 Adjustment ) ) Adjusted Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock awarded to employees Restricted stock granted net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividend ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock due to business combination, net of issuance costs Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock granted net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividend ) ) Stock options exercised and related tax benefit Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net (decrease) increase in deferred loan fees ) Depreciation Accretion ) ) Amortization Stock-based compensation Provision for credit losses Net realized losses on sales and calls of available-for-sale investment securities Net gain on disposal of premises and equipment ) ) Net change in equity securities ) Increase in bank-owned life insurance, net of expenses ) ) Net decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Net (decrease) increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Benefit for deferred income taxes ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Net cash and cash equivalents acquired in acquisition Proceeds from sales or calls of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from calls of held-to-maturity investment securities Proceeds from maturity and principal repayments of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from maturity and principal repayments of held-to-maturity investment securities Net increase in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) FHLB stock purchased ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net increase (decrease) in demand, interest bearing and savings deposits ) Net (decrease) increase in time deposits ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings from Federal Home Loan Bank Repayments of short-term borrowings to Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) Repayments of borrowings from FRB Bank Term Funding Program ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) Net cash used in by financing activities ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 
 10 

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for : 
 Interest Income taxes Operating cash flows from operating leases Non-cash investing and financing activities: Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale ) Acquisition: Assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 

Segment and Significant Group Concentration of Credit Risk 

12 

Note 2. 
 
 of a share of common stock of Central Valley for each share of Community West common stock held immediately prior to the effective time of the mergers, with cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of common stock of Central Valley. As a result of the mergers, Central Valley issued approximately shares of Central Valley common stock. Reporting of the financial condition and results of operation of the combined companies commenced in the second quarter. 
 
 The acquisition of Community West has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805. Assets acquired, liabilities assumed, intangibles recognized and consideration exchanged was recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values. Determining the fair value of assets and liabilities involves significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair values. We recorded the fair values based on the valuations available as of reporting date. In accordance with business combination accounting guidance, we will continue to evaluate these fair values for up to one year following the merger date of April 1, 2024. While management believes the information available and presented below provide a reasonable basis for estimating fair value, we may obtain additional information and evidence during the 
 13 

Cash consideration Fair value of options assumed Total merger consideration Assets acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale Loans and leases Premises and equipment Cash value of life insurance Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Deposits ) Borrowings ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Total net assets acquired Goodwill created from transaction 
 
 The acquisition resulted in goodwill of million, which is nondeductible for tax purposes, as this acquisition was a nontaxable transaction. Goodwill represents the premium paid over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and reflects the related synergies from the combined operations. 
 
 Gross contractual amounts receivable Estimate of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (1) 
 Estimate of contractual cash flows expected to be collected (1) Includes interest payments not expected to be collected due to loan prepayments as well as principal and interest payments not expected to be collected due to customer default. 
 
 The acquisition improves the Company s footprint in Central California, expanding to the Central Coast. The acquisition diversifies its commercial banking business, adds additional revenue enhancing products, improves the Bank s loan to deposit ratio, and creates operational efficiencies. Revenues and earnings of the acquired company since the acquisition date have not been disclosed as it is not practicable as Community West was merged into the Company and separate financial information is not readily available. 

14 

Note 3. 
 ) U.S. Government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale ) September 30, 2024 Held-to-Maturity Securities Amortized Cost Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Debt securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) 
 December 31, 2023 Available-for-Sale Securities Amortized Cost Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Allowance for Credit Losses Debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. Government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Total available-for-sale ) 
 
 15 

) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) 
 
 Gross realized gains from sales or calls Gross realized losses from sales or calls ) ) ) ) 
 
 The provision for income taxes includes a and income tax benefit from security sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The provision for income taxes includes a and income tax benefit from security sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale 
 
 16 

After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Corporate debt securities Total held-to-maturity 
 
 At September 30, 2024 there were two issuers of private label mortgage securities in which the Company had holdings of securities in amounts greater than of shareholders equity. Investments with these issuers were in senior tranches and/or were rated AAA or higher and there were no credit issues identified. 
 
 ) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) ) ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) 
 
 17 

) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations ) ) ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of AFS debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with no credit impairment, consisting of U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Government agencies, obligations of states and political subdivisions, U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations, and private label mortgage and asset backed securities. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 Each reporting period, the Company assesses each AFS debt security that is in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis results from a credit loss or other factors. The Company did not record an ACL on any available for sale securities at September 30, 2024. As of that date, the Company considers the unrealized losses across the classes of major security-type to be related to fluctuations in market conditions, primarily interest rates, and not reflective of a deterioration in credit value. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that it is not more likely than not that there is an intention to sell securities or that the Company would be required to sell securities. 
 
 The gross unrealized losses presented in the preceding tables were primarily attributable to interest rate increases and liquidity and were mainly comprised of the following: 
 
 Obligations of States and Political Subdivisions: The unrealized losses on investments in obligations of states and political subdivisions are caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. 
 U.S. Treasury and Government Sponsored Entities and Agencies Collateralized by Residential Mortgage Obligations: The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in U.S. treasuries and government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations were caused by interest rate changes. The contractual cash flows of those investments are guaranteed or supported by an agency or sponsored entity of the U.S. Government. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the Company s investment. 
 Private Label Mortgage and Asset Backed Securities: The Company has invested exclusively in AA and AAA tranches of various private label mortgage and asset backed securities. Each purchase is subject to a credit and structure review prior to their purchase. Ratings are reviewed on a quarterly basis in addition to other metrics provided through third-party services. Following review of the financial metrics and ratings, management concluded that the unrealized loss position of the private label mortgage and asset backed securities related exclusively to the fluctuation in market conditions and were not reflective of any credit concerns with the tranches comprising the Company s investments. 
 
 No allowance for credit losses have been recognized on AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, as management does not believe that any of the securities are impaired due to credit risk factors as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

18 

at September 30, 2024. The allowance for credit losses on HTM securities is driven by economic scenarios, estimated probabilities of default and loss given default. Economic scenarios are updated quarterly. 
 
 Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13 Credit to credit losses ) ) ) ) Total Ending ACL balance 

During the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the credit to credit losses for held-to-maturity securities was primarily driven by changes in economic scenarios. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses for held-to-maturity securities at September 30, 2024 appropriately reflected expected credit losses at that date. 
 
 The Company monitors credit quality of debt securities held-to-maturity through the use of credit ratings. The Company monitors the credit ratings on a quarterly basis. For non-rated investment securities, management receives quarterly performance updates to monitor for any credit concerns. There were no HTM securities on nonaccrual or past due over 89 days and still on accrual. 
 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Corporate debt securities Total debt securities held-to-maturity 
 
 19 

Note 4. 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively is not included in the loan tables below and is included in other assets on the Company s balance sheets. 
 Agricultural production Total commercial Real estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Total real estate Consumer: Manufactured housing Other installment Total consumer Total gross loans Net deferred origination costs Loans, net of deferred origination costs Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans, net 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, loans originated under Small Business Administration (SBA) programs totaling and , respectively, were included in the real estate and commercial categories, of which, or and or , respectively, are secured by government guarantees. 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for credit losses on collectively evaluated loans is based on modeled expectations of lifetime expected credit losses utilizing national and local peer group historical losses, weighting of economic scenarios, and other relevant factors. The Company incorporates forward-looking information using macroeconomic scenarios, which include variables that are considered key drivers of credit losses within the portfolio. The Company uses a probability-weighted, multiple scenario forecast approach. These scenarios may consist of a base forecast representing the most likely outcome, combined with downside or upside scenarios reflecting possible worsening or improving economic conditions. 
 
 When a loan no longer shares similar risk characteristics with other loans, such as in the case of certain nonaccrual loans, the Company estimates the allowance for credit losses on an individual loan basis. 
 
 20 

(Credit) provision for credit losses (1) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 (1) Represents (credit) provision to credit losses for loans only. The credit to the provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of ) includes a ) credit for held-to-maturity securities and a ) credit for unfunded loan commitments. 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate 1-4 Family Real Estate Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, July 1, 2023 Provision (credit) for credit losses (1) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, September 30, 2023 
 (1) Represents provision (credit) to credit losses for loans only. The provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of includes a ) credit for held-to-maturity securities and a provision for unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 The following table shows the summary of activities for the allowance for credit losses as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by portfolio segment (in thousands): 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate 1-4 Family Real Estate Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2024 Allowance for loan loss on purchased credit deteriorated loans (PCD) (Credit) provision for credit losses (1) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 (1) Represents credit losses for loans only. The provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of includes a ) credit for held-to-maturity securities and a provision for unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate 1-4 Family Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2023 prior to adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) (Credit) provision for credit losses (1) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, September 30, 2023 (1) Represents credit losses for loans only. The provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of includes a ) credit for held-to-maturity securities and a provision for unfunded loan commitments. 
 21 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland 1-4 family real estate Manufactured housing Total 
 
 During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses was primarily driven by loan growth and fluctuations in the economic forecasts utilized by the Company. The Company adjusted the weightings utilized for the most likely, downside, or upside economic economic scenarios during the three month period ending September 30, 2024 to reflect a higher weighting towards the downside economic scenario. The Company updated its peer group during the second quarter of 2024, adding peer banks within the central coast of California and also larger peer banks due to the Company s expanded footprint and increased asset size. During the quarter, the allowance for loan loss remained relatively stable, with a small credit based primarily on the net recoveries during the quarter and also improved loss rates. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 appropriately reflected expected credit losses in the loan portfolio at that date. 
 
 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland 1-4 family real estate Manufactured housing Total 
 Purchased loans and leases that reflect a more-than-significant deterioration of credit quality from origination are considered PCD. At the time of acquisition, the initial estimate of expected losses is recognized in the ACL. 
 
 ) ) Commercial real estate ) ) Farmland ) ) 1-4 family real estate ) ) Manufacturing housing ) ) Total ) ) 
 22 

Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Agricultural production Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 
 23 

Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Commercial real estate - owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Farmland Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Multi-family residential Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 1-4 family - close-ended Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 1-4 family - revolving 
 24 

Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Manufactured Housing Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Consumer Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Total loans outstanding (risk rating): Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Grand Total Current period total gross write-offs 
 
 The following table shows the loan portfolio by class, net of deferred costs, allocated by management s internal risk ratings for the period indicated. The following table also shows the charge-offs recognized during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year As of December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Converted to Term Total Commercial and industrial Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Agricultural production Pass/Watch Special mention 
 25 

Total Current period gross write-offs Construction other land loans Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Commercial real estate - owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Farmland Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Multi-family residential Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 1-4 family - close-ended Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total 
 26 

1-4 family - revolving Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Consumer Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Total loans outstanding (risk rating): Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Grand Total Current period total gross write-offs 
 
 Agricultural production Real estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Consumer: Manufactured housing Other installment Deferred fees Total 
 27 

Agricultural production Real estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Consumer Deferred fees Total 

There was and foregone interest on nonaccrual loans for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. There was foregone interest on nonaccrual loans for the three or nine months periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Occasionally, the Company modifies loans to borrowers in financial distress by providing reductions of the stated interest rate of the loan or an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk. There were no loan modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three or nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 28 

Note 5. 
 
 years. Goodwill and other intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. 
 
 Additions Amortizations ) Ending Balance 
 
 For Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Goodwill Core Deposit Intangibles Goodwill Core Deposit Intangibles Beginning Balance Additions Amortizations ) ) Ending Balance 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 29 

Note 6. 
 MMA accounts Savings deposits Time deposits Total interest-bearing Non-interest bearing Total deposits 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Money market NOW accounts Time certificates of deposit Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 uninsured deposits totaled and , respectively. 

Note 7. 
 
 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, at interest rates which vary with market conditions. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no advances outstanding with correspondent banks. 
 
 30 

Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco long-term advances outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of and a short-term advance outstanding with an interest rate of , compared to long-term advances outstanding and a overnight borrowing advance outstanding with an interest rate of at December 31, 2023. Of the in long-term advances outstanding as of September 30, 2024, will mature in April 2025, with the remaining to mature in June 2025. Approximately in loans were pledged under a blanket lien as collateral to the FHLB for the Company s remaining borrowing capacity of as of September 30, 2024. FHLB advances are also secured by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and fair values totaling and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company s credit limit varies according to the amount and composition of the investment and loan portfolios pledged as collateral. 
 
 Federal Reserve Line of Credit and Bank Term Funding Program - The Company has a line of credit through the discount window in the amount of and with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (FRB) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which bears interest at the prevailing discount rate collateralized by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and market values totaling and , respectively. The Company participated in the Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) which offered loans of up to one year in length to banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other eligible depository institutions pledging any collateral eligible for purchase by the Federal Reserve Banks in open market operations such as U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency securities, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. New loan activity under this program ended March 11, 2024. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company had as a short-term loan with the FRB under the Bank Term Funding Program at an interest rate of . The loan was repaid in the third quarter of 2024 and replaced with an FHLB short-term advance that matures in August 2025. As of December 31, 2023 the Company had in securities fair value pledged to the program. 
 
 The following table reflects the Company s credit lines, balances outstanding, and pledged collateral at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Credit Lines (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Unsecured Credit Lines Total credit limit Balance outstanding Federal Home Loan Bank Total credit limit Balance outstanding, net of discount Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral Federal Reserve Bank Term Loan Funding Program Total credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral Federal Reserve Bank Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral 

31 

Note 8. 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Floating rate senior debt bank loan, due 2032 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, due October 2036 Total subordinated debentures 

Subordinated Debentures 
 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Subordinated Debt due December 1, 2031. The Subordinated Debt initially bears a fixed interest rate of per year. Commencing on December 1, 2026, the interest rate on the Subordinated Debt will reset each quarter at a floating interest rate equal to the then-current three month term SOFR plus . The Company may at its option redeem in whole or in part the Subordinated Debt on or after November 12, 2026 without a premium. The Subordinated Debt is treated as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Subordinated Debentures for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was . Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Subordinated Debentures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 
 
 Senior Debt 
 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Bell Bank. Initially, payments of interest only are payable in 12 quarterly payments commencing December 31, 2022. Commencing December 31, 2025, 27 equal quarterly principal and interest payments are payable based on the outstanding balance of the loan on August 30, 2025 and an amortization of 48 quarters. A final payment of outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity on September 30, 2032. Variable interest is payable at the Prime Rate (published by the Wall Street Journal) less basis points. The loan is secured by the assets of the Company and a pledge of the outstanding common stock of Central Valley Community Bank, the Company s banking subsidiary. The Company may prepay the loan without penalty with one exception. If the loan is prepaid prior to August 30, 2025 with funds received from a financing source other than Bell Bank, the Company will incur a prepayment penalty. The loan contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Senior Debt for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 
 Service 1st Capital Trust I is a Delaware business trust formed by Service 1st. The Company succeeded to all of the rights and obligations of Service 1st in connection with the merger with Service 1st as of November 12, 2008. The Trust was formed on August 17, 2006 for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Service 1st. Under applicable regulatory guidance, the amount of trust preferred securities that is eligible as Tier 1 capital is limited to of the Company s Tier 1 capital on a pro forma basis. At September 30, 2024, all of the trust preferred securities that have been issued qualify as Tier 1 capital. The trust preferred securities mature on October 7, 2036, are redeemable at the Company s option, and require quarterly distributions by the Trust to the holder of the trust preferred securities at a variable interest rate which will adjust quarterly to equal the three month SOFR plus . 
 
 32 

in aggregate principal amount of Service 1 st s junior subordinated notes (the Notes). The Notes bear interest at the same variable interest rate during the same quarterly periods as the trust preferred securities. The Notes are redeemable by the Company on any January 7, April 7, July 7, or October 7 or at any time within 90 days following the occurrence of certain events, such as: (i) a change in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes (ii) in the event the Trust is deemed an investment company or (iii) upon the occurrence of certain adverse tax events. In each such case, the Company may redeem the Notes for their aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
 The Notes may be declared immediately due and payable at the election of the trustee or holders of of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes in the event that the Company defaults in the payment of any interest following the nonpayment of any such interest for 20 or more consecutive quarterly periods. 
 
 Holders of the trust preferred securities are entitled to a cumulative cash distribution on the liquidation amount of 1,000 per security. For each January 7, April 7, July 7 or October 7 of each year, the rate will be adjusted to equal the three month SOFR plus . As of September 30, 2024, the rate was . 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Junior Subordinated Debentures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , compared to interest expense recognized by the Company for the Junior Subordinated debentures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 97,000 and 267,000. 

Note 9. 
 
 and were outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract unless waived by the Bank. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. 
 
 Included in commitments to extend credit are undisbursed lines of credit totaling and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Undisbursed lines of credit include credits whereby customers can repay principal and request principal advances during the term of the loan at their discretion and most expire between one and months. 
 
 Included in undisbursed lines of credit are commitments for the undisbursed portions of construction loans totaling and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These commitments are agreements to lend to customers, subject to meeting certain construction progress requirements established in the contracts. The underlying construction loans have fixed expiration dates. 
 
 Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees amounting to and were outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support private financial arrangements. Standby letters of credit and guarantees carry a term or less, many have auto-renewal features. The fair value of the liability related to these standby letters of credit, which represents the fees received for their issuance, was not significant at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company recognizes these fees as revenue over the term of the commitment or when the commitment is used. 
 
 The Company generally requires collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk. Management does not anticipate any material loss will result from the outstanding commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses of unfunded commitments was and , respectively. The allowance for credit 
 33 

Note 10. 
 Appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance Loan placement fees Federal Home Loan Bank dividends Other Total other non-interest income 
 
 The following table shows significant components of other non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Merger and acquisition expense Information technology Data processing expense Professional services Regulatory assessments ATM/Debit card expenses Advertising Amortization of core deposit intangibles Directors expenses Loan related expenses Personnel other Other expense Total other non-interest expense 

Note 11. 

34 

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock Weighted average shares of common stock and common stock equivalents Diluted earnings per share 
 
 Options to purchase shares of common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and there were no options outstanding as of September 30, 2023. There were and restricted stock awards unvested and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no anti-dilutive weighted average shares outstanding. 

Holders of unvested restricted stock accrue dividends at the same rate as common shareholders and they both share equally in undistributed earnings. Unvested restricted stock awards that are time-based contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents and are considered to be participating securities in the earnings per share computation using the two-class method. Under the two-class method, earnings are allocated to common shareholders and participating securities according to their respective rights to earnings. Unvested stock awards that vest based on performance or market conditions are not considered to be participating securities in the earnings per share calculation because accrued dividends on shares that do not vest are forfeited. 

Note 12. 
 from the date of grant. The vesting period for stock options and restricted stock rights is determined by the Board of Directors and ranges one to . The maximum number of shares that can be issued with respect to all awards under the plan is . Currently under the 2015 Plan, shares remain reserved for future grants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Share-based compensation cost recognized for those plans was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The recognized tax benefit for the share-based compensation expense, forfeitures of restricted stock, and exercise of stock options, resulted in the recognition of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 35 

Options issued at acquisition Options granted Options exercised ) Options expired ) 12.01 Options outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value of the issued options at the time of the acquisition included: risk free rate ; dividend rate , expected volatility , and a weighted average expected term of years. 
 
 Cash received from options exercised Excess tax expense realized for option exercises 
 Weighted average exercise price Intrinsic value (in thousands) Weighted average remaining contractual term (yrs.) 
 As of September 30, 2024, there is no unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under the Plan. All options are fully vested and exercisable. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Common Stock Awards 
 
 The 2015 Plan provides for the issuance of restricted common stock to directors and officers and common stock awards based on the achievement of performance goals as determined by the Board of Directors or in accordance with executive employment agreements. Restricted common stock grants typically vest over a one to period. Restricted common stock is subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. The cost of these awards is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 
 36 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at September 30, 2024 
 
 shares of restricted stock that are nonvested and expected to vest. As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted common stock awards. Restricted stock compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. Restricted common stock awards had an intrinsic value of at September 30, 2024. 

Note 13. 
 37 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks Held-to-maturity investment securities Loans, net Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures 
 
 December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Fair Value (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Held-to-maturity investment securities Loans, net Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Subordinated debentures 
 
 The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair values are described as follows: 
 
 (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents The carrying amounts of cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits in other banks, and Federal funds sold approximate fair values and are classified as Level 1. 
 
 (b) Investment securities The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2), using matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique commonly used to price debt securities that are not actively traded, values debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3). 
 
 (c) Loans Fair values of loans are estimated as follows: fixed and variable loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, taking into consideration various factors including loan type, credit loss and prepayment expectations. The loan cash flows are discounted to present value using a combination of existing market rates and liquidity spreads as well as underlying index rates and margins on variable rate loans resulting in a Level 3 classification. 
 
 (d) Time Deposits Fair value for fixed and variable rate certificates of deposit are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses using interest rates offered at each reporting date by the Company for certificates with similar remaining maturities resulting in a Level 2 classification. 
 
 38 

U.S. Government agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Corporate debt securities Equity securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Fair Value Measurements Using December 31, 2023 Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Available-for-sale debt securities: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Equity securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

Note 14. 
 
 per share cash dividend payable on November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record as of November 8, 2024. 

39 

ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 General 
 
 We are a central California-based bank holding company for a one-bank subsidiary, Community West Bank (the Bank ). On April 1, 2024 (the Effective Time ), Central Valley Community Bancorp Central Valley completed its merger transaction with Community West Bancshares Community West ), in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger, dated as of October 10, 2023, by and among Central Valley and Community West (the Merger Agreement ). At the Effective Time, Community West merged with and into the Central Valley, with Central Valley being the surviving entity (the Corporate Merger ). Following the Corporate Merger, Community West Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Community West, CWB merged with and into Central Valley Community Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Central Valley, CVCB with CVCB being the surviving banking institution (the Bank Merger , and collectively with the Corporate Merger, the Mergers ). Effective with the Mergers, the corporate name of the Central Valley and CVCB were changed to Community West Bancshares and Community West Bank, respectively. 
 
 As of result of the merger, we now offer 26 full-service banking centers covering greater Sacramento in the north, throughout the San Joaquin Valley and west to the Central Coast. We provide traditional commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses and individuals in the communities that we serve. 
 
 Dividend Declared 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a 0.12 per share cash dividend payable on November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record as of November 8, 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the Company s most critical accounting policies are those which the Company s financial condition depends upon, and which involve the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805. We recognize the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition, with any excess of the fair value of consideration provided over the fair value of the identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Application of the acquisition method requires extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to determine the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 805, the acquiring company retains the right to make appropriate adjustments to the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity for information obtained during the measurement period about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. The measurement period ends as of the earlier of (i) one year from the acquisition date or (ii) the date when the acquirer receives the information necessary to complete the business combination accounting. 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a business combination and that are determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate the necessity for such impairment tests to be performed. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values. Core deposit intangible assets arising from business combinations are amortized on an accelerated basis reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up. The estimated life of the core deposit intangible is approximately 10 years. 

40 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Current Expected Credit Loss CECL approach requires an estimate of the credit losses expected over the life of a financial asset carried at amortized cost. It removes the incurred loss approach s threshold that delayed the recognition of a credit loss until it was probable a loss event was incurred. 
 
 The estimate of expected credit losses under the CECL approach is based on relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. Historical loss experience is generally the starting point for estimating expected credit losses. We then consider whether the historical loss experience should be adjusted for asset-specific risk characteristics or current conditions at the reporting date that did not exist over the period from which historical experience was used. Finally, we consider forecasts about future economic conditions that are reasonable and supportable. 
 
 Management s evaluation of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is often the most critical of accounting estimates for a financial institution. Our determination of the amount of the allowance for credit losses is a critical accounting estimate as it requires significant reliance on the use of estimates and significant judgment as to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on criticized loans, significant reliance on historical loss rates, consideration of our quantitative and qualitative evaluation of economic factors, and the reliance on our reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses attributable to each portfolio segment also includes an amount for inherent risks not reflected in the historical analyses. Relevant factors include, but are not limited to, concentrations of credit risk (geographic, large borrower, and industry), economic trends and conditions, changes in underwriting standards, experience and depth of lending staff, trends in delinquencies, and the level of criticized loans. 
 
 The impact of utilizing the CECL approach to calculate the reserve for credit losses will be significantly influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of our loan portfolios, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts utilized. Material changes to these and other relevant factors may result in greater volatility to the reserve for credit losses, and therefore, greater volatility to our reported earnings. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans section below. 
 
 Please refer to the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete listing of critical accounting policies. 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 
 The significant highlights for the Company as of or for the period ended September 30, 2024 included the following: 
 
 The Company reported net income during the third quarter of 3.4 million, or earnings per diluted common share of 0.18, compared to a net loss of 6.3 million and 0.33, respectively, in the second quarter of 2024. The loss during the second quarter and reduced earnings during the third quarter was attributable to merger-related expenses, including a provision for loan losses for the acquired loan portfolio during the second quarter. In addition, the Company realized a loss on sale of securities in both the second and third quarter. See Non-GAAP financial measures below. 
 The amortized cost of available-for-sale investment securities decreased 115.7 million or 17.3 at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. During the year-to-date period, the Company received 64.2 million in proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale investment securities, with the remaining decrease due to normal pay downs, calls and maturities. Proceeds were used to fund loan growth as part of strategic repositioning of the balance sheet to improve future earnings. 
 Total gross loans of 2.3 billion at September 30, 2024 increased by 77.96 or 1.0 billion compared to December 31, 2023 largely due to the merger, which the fair value of the acquired loans totaled 920.1 million. Excluding the acquired loans, gross loans increased by 86.2 million or 6.68 during the year-to-date period. 
 Total assets increased by 1.1 billion or 45.12 at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 as a result of the merger. 
 Total deposits of 2.9 billion at September 30, 2024 increased by 43.11 or 880.1 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to the merger, which the fair value of the acquired deposits totaled 844.0 million. Excluding the merger, deposits decreased 36.0 million or 1.77 . 
 41 

Total cost of deposits decreased to 1.69 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.71 for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 Average non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts as a percentage of total average deposits was 37.16 and 37.36 for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Net interest margin increased to 3.69 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 3.65 for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 There were 3.3 million non-performing assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as the result of the acquired loans from the merger. Net loan recoveries were 162,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and loans delinquent 30 days or more were 6.5 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Capital positions remain strong at September 30, 2024 with a 9.38 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio; a 11.12 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio; a 11.30 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio; and a 13.55 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio. 
 The Company declared a 0.12 per common share cash dividend, payable on November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record as of November 8, 2024. 
 Overview 
 
 The following is management s discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition, operating results, asset and liability management, liquidity and capital resources and should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Notes thereto located at Item 1 of this report. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, (In thousands, except share and per-share amounts) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 30,214 29,057 20,527 78,343 62,313 (Credit) provision for credit losses (518) 9,831 186 9,889 476 Net interest income after (credit) provision for credit losses 30,732 19,226 20,341 68,454 61,837 Total non-interest income 1,105 1,400 1,583 4,142 4,752 Total non-interest expenses 27,677 28,503 13,436 71,513 40,446 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 4,160 (7,877) 8,488 1,083 26,143 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 775 (1,587) 2,098 312 6,501 Net income (loss) 3,385 (6,290) 6,390 771 19,642 
 . 
 During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported net income of 3,385,000 and 771,000, respectively. The reduced earnings are attributable to merger-related expenses, including a provision for loan losses for the acquired loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2024. In addition, the Company realized a loss on sale of securities in both the second and third quarter. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.18 and 0.05, respectively. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 0.54 and 1.67, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a 518,000 credit and 9,889,000 provision for credit losses, compared to a 186,000 credit and 476,000 provision during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Statement Regarding use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Community West Bancshares s financial results are presented in accordance with GAAP and refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that presentation of operating results using non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplemental information to investors and facilitates the analysis of the Company s core operating results and comparison of operating results across reporting periods. Management also uses non-GAAP 
 42 

financial measures to establish budgets and manage the Company s business. A reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP financial measures is presented below. 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands, except share and per-share amounts) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET (LOSS) INCOME: Net (loss) income (GAAP) 3,385 (6,290) 6,390 771 19,642 Merger and conversion related costs: Provision for credit losses on non-purchased credit deteriorated loans 10,877 10,877 Personnel and severance 547 2,985 3,532 Professional services 229 1,698 365 2,241 610 Data processing 1,975 693 2,668 Other 457 180 706 Total merger and conversion related costs, net of taxes 3,208 16,433 365 20,024 610 Loss on sale of investment securities 1,853 1,974 39 4,199 296 Income tax benefit of non-core expenses (1,496) (5,441) (119) (7,160) (268) Comparable net income (non-GAAP) 6,950 6,676 6,675 17,834 20,280 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE: Weighted average diluted shares 18,965,434 18,937,036 11,755,758 16,575,361 11,745,606 Diluted (loss) earnings per share (GAAP) 0.18 (0.33) 0.54 0.05 1.67 Comparable diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 0.37 0.35 0.57 1.08 1.73 RETURN ON AVERAGE ASSETS Average assets 3,541,444 3,468,433 2,502,985 3,078,175 2,474,977 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.38 (0.73) 1.02 0.38 1.06 Comparable return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.78 0.77 1.07 0.77 1.09 RETURN ON AVERAGE EQUITY Average stockholders' equity 353,018 334,809 187,979 300,879 185,002 Return on average equity (GAAP) 3.84 (7.39) 13.60 3.84 14.16 Comparable return on average equity (non-GAAP) 7.87 7.98 14.20 11.85 21.92 EFFICIENCY RATIO Non-interest expense (GAAP) 27,677 28,503 13,436 71,513 40,446 Merger-related non-interest expenses (3,208) (5,556) (365) (9,147) (610) Non-interest expense (non-GAAP) 24,469 22,947 13,071 62,366 39,836 Net interest income 30,214 29,057 20,527 78,343 62,313 Non-interest income 1,105 1,400 1,583 4,142 4,752 Loss on sale of investment securities 1,853 1,974 39 4,199 296 Non-interest income (non-GAAP) 2,958 3,374 1,622 8,341 5,048 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 88.37 93.58 60.77 86.70 60.31 Comparable efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 73.76 70.76 59.01 71.95 59.14 
 43 

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 
 The level of net interest income depends on several factors in combination, including yields on earning assets, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, the relative volumes of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the mix of products which comprise the Company s earning assets, deposits, and other interest-bearing liabilities. To maintain its net interest margin, the Company must manage the relationship between interest earned and paid. 
 
 The following Distribution, Rate and Yield table presents the average amounts outstanding for the major categories of the Company s balance sheet, the average interest rates earned or paid thereon, and the resulting net interest margin on average interest earning assets for the periods indicated. Average balances are based on daily averages. 
 44 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 SCHEDULE OF AVERAGE BALANCES AND AVERAGE YIELDS AND RATES 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate ASSETS Interest-earning deposits in other banks 118,906 1,537 5.17 109,199 1,481 5.42 Securities Taxable securities 645,319 4,954 3.07 755,630 5,900 3.12 Non-taxable securities (1) 250,105 1,736 2.78 255,788 1,764 2.76 Total investment securities 895,424 6,690 2.99 1,011,418 7,664 3.03 Total securities and interest-earning deposits 1,014,330 8,227 3.24 1,120,617 9,145 3.26 Loans (2) (3) 2,278,313 37,422 6.53 1,266,296 17,692 5.54 Total interest-earning assets 3,292,643 45,649 5.52 2,386,913 26,837 4.46 Allowance for credit losses (25,040) (15,300) Non-accrual loans 1,732 Cash and due from banks 32,303 28,680 Bank premises and equipment 21,602 11,461 Other assets 218,204 91,231 Total average assets 3,541,444 2,502,985 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and NOW accounts 476,620 249 0.21 454,151 169 0.15 Money market accounts 887,843 6,501 2.91 576,866 2,846 1.96 Time certificates of deposit 479,944 5,743 4.76 195,155 2,000 4.07 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,844,407 12,493 2.69 1,226,172 5,015 1.62 Other borrowed funds 202,676 2,578 5.09 69,691 924 5.30 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,047,083 15,071 2.93 1,295,863 5,939 1.82 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 1,090,544 984,912 Other liabilities 50,799 34,231 Shareholders equity 353,018 187,979 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 3,541,444 2,502,985 Interest income and rate earned on average earning assets 45,649 5.52 26,837 4.46 Interest expense and interest cost related to average interest-bearing liabilities 15,071 2.93 5,939 1.82 Net interest income and net interest margin (4) 30,578 3.69 20,898 3.47 
 
 (1) Calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis, which includes Federal tax benefits relating to income earned on municipal bonds totaling 365 and 371 at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Loan interest income includes loan (costs) fees of (294) and 8 at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Average loans do not include non-accrual loans but do include interest income recovered from previously charged off loans. 
 (4) Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest-earning assets. 
 
 45 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate ASSETS Interest-earning deposits in other banks 75,457 3,044 5.36 74,780 2,930 5.22 Securities Taxable securities 680,516 15,782 3.08 768,187 17,612 3.06 Non-taxable securities (1) 252,516 5,271 2.77 256,615 5,321 2.76 Total investment securities 933,032 21,053 3.00 1,024,802 22,933 2.98 Total securities and interest-earning deposits 1,008,489 24,097 3.17 1,099,582 25,863 3.14 Loans (2) (3) 1,869,985 91,919 6.57 1,261,509 51,851 5.50 Total interest-earning assets 2,878,474 116,016 5.38 2,361,091 77,714 4.40 Allowance for credit losses (21,872) (13,852) Non-accrual loans 834 Cash and due from banks 28,107 27,577 Bank premises and equipment 18,974 9,654 Other assets 173,658 90,507 Total average assets 3,078,175 2,474,977 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and NOW accounts 459,852 714 0.21 485,329 422 0.12 Money market accounts 726,613 15,070 2.77 531,226 6,105 1.54 Time certificates of deposit 367,266 13,994 5.09 163,611 4,363 3.57 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,553,731 29,778 2.56 1,180,166 10,890 1.23 Other borrowed funds 168,684 6,788 5.35 87,741 3,393 5.16 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,722,415 36,566 2.83 1,267,907 14,283 1.51 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 1,018,611 988,620 Other liabilities 36,270 33,448 Shareholders equity 300,879 185,002 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 3,078,175 2,474,977 Interest income and rate earned on average earning assets 116,016 5.12 77,714 4.40 Interest expense and interest cost related to average interest-bearing liabilities 36,566 2.64 14,283 1.51 Net interest income and net interest margin (4) 79,450 3.69 63,431 3.59 
 
 (1) Calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis, which includes Federal tax benefits relating to income earned on municipal bonds totaling 1,107 and 1,118 at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Loan interest income includes loan (costs) fees of (505) and 27 at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Average loans do not include non-accrual loans but do include interest income recovered from previously charged off loans. 
 (4) Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest-earning assets. 
 
 46 

The Volume and Rate Variances table below sets forth the dollar difference in interest earned and paid for each major category of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the noted periods, and the amount of such change attributable to changes in average balances (volume) or changes in average interest rates. Volume variances are equal to the increase or decrease in the average balance times the prior period rate, and rate variances are equal to the increase or decrease in the average rate times the prior period average balance. Variances attributable to both rate and volume changes are equal to the change in rate times the change in average balance and are included below in the average volume column. 
 
 Changes in Volume/Rate For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (In thousands) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Increase (decrease) due to changes in: Interest income: Interest-earning deposits in other banks 131 (74) 57 26 88 114 Investment securities: Taxable (861) (86) (947) (2,010) 180 (1,830) Non-taxable (1) (39) 11 (28) (84) 34 (50) Total investment securities (900) (75) (975) (2,094) 214 (1,880) Loans 14,100 5,630 19,730 25,012 15,056 40,068 Total earning assets (1) 13,331 5,481 18,812 22,944 15,358 38,302 Interest expense: Deposits: Savings, NOW and MMA 1,538 2,197 3,735 2,223 7,034 9,257 Time certificate of deposits 2,910 833 3,743 5,430 4,201 9,631 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,448 3,030 7,478 7,653 11,235 18,888 Other borrowed funds 1,772 (118) 1,654 3,124 271 3,395 Total interest-bearing liabilities 6,220 2,912 9,132 10,777 11,506 22,283 Net interest income (1) 7,111 2,569 9,680 12,167 3,852 16,019 
 (1) Computed on a tax equivalent basis for securities exempt from federal income taxes. 

Comparison of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
 The Company s net interest margin (fully tax equivalent basis), expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, increased 22 basis points to 3.69 for the third quarter of 2024, from 3.47 for the third quarter of 2023. Average interest earning assets were 3,292,643,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2,386,913,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 905,730,000 increase in average earning assets was attributed to the 115,994,000 decrease in investment securities, partially offset by the 1,012,017,000 or 79.92 increase in average loans, and a 9,707,000 increase in interest-earning deposits. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the effective yield on investment securities including Federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits in other banks decreased two basis points. The effective yield on loans increased 99 basis points. Average interest bearing liabilities increased 57.97 to 2,047,083,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,295,863,000 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest and fee income from loans increased 19,730,000 or 111.52 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The yield on average loans, excluding nonaccrual loans, was 6.53 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.54 for the same period in 2023. The accretion from fair value marks on loans contributed 55 basis points to the loan yield for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to two basis points for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest income from interest-earning deposits in other banks increased 56,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 1,537,000 compared to 1,481,000 for the same period in 2023. The yield on average interest-earning deposits decreased twenty-five basis points to 5.17 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.42 for the same period in 2023. Average interest-earning deposits for the 
 47 

three month period ended September 30, 2024 increased 9,707,000 or 8.89 to 118,906,000 compared to 109,199,000 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest income from total investment securities decreased 974,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 6,690,000 compared to 7,664,000 for the same period in 2023. The yield on average total investment securities decreased four basis points to 2.99 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3.03 for the same period in 2023. Average total investment securities for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 decreased 115,994,000 or 11.47 to 895,424,000 compared to 1,011,418,000 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Total interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 18,819,000 or 71.11 to 45,285,000 compared to 26,466,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on interest earning assets increased 106 basis points to 5.52 on a fully tax equivalent basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.46 for the period ended September 30, 2023. The increase was the result of yield changes, increase in interest rates, and asset mix changes. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 12,493,000 and 5,015,000, respectively. The average interest rate on interest bearing deposits increased to 2.69 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.62 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 50.42 or 618,235,000 to 1,844,407,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,226,172,000 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Average other borrowed funds were 202,676,000 with an effective rate of 5.09 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 69,691,000 with an effective rate of 5.30 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Total interest expense on other borrowed funds was 2,578,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 924,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 111 basis points to 2.93 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.82 for the same period in 2023. The cost of total deposits increased to 1.69 compared to 0.90 for the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Average non-interest bearing demand deposits increased 10.73 to 1,090,544,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 984,912,000 for the same period in 2023. The ratio of average non-interest bearing demand deposits to average total deposits decreased to 37.16 in the three month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 44.54 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Net interest income before the provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 9,687,000 or 47.19 to 30,214,000 compared to 20,527,000 for the same period in 2023. The increase was a result of the acquisition as of April 1, 2024, which increased interest income on average earnings assets, partially offset by an increase in interest expense on average interest bearing liabilities. 
 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
 The Company s net interest margin (fully tax equivalent basis), expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, increased 10 basis points to 3.69 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.59 for the same period of 2023. Average interest earning assets were 2,878,474,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2,361,091,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 517,383,000 increase in average earning assets was attributed to the 608,476,000 or 48.23 increase in average loans, partially offset by the 91,770,000 decrease in average total investment securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective yield on loans increased 107 basis points. Average interest bearing liabilities increased 35.85 to 1,722,415,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,267,907,000 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest and fee income from loans increased 40,068,000 or 77.28 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Net interest income during the first nine months of 2024 was impacted by an increase in average total loans of 608,476,000 or 48.23 to 1,869,985,000 compared to 1,261,509,000 for the same period in 2023. The yield on average loans, excluding nonaccrual loans, was 6.57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.50 for the same period in 2023. The impact to interest income from the accretion of the loan marks on acquired loans was 6,497,000 and 209,000 for the nine months ended 
 48 

September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The accretion from fair value marks on loans contributed 47 basis points to the loan yield for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three basis points for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Total interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 38,302,000 or 49.29 to 116,016,000 compared to 77,714,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on interest earning assets increased 98 basis points to 5.38 on a fully tax equivalent basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.40 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was the result of the acquisition as of April 1, 2024, yield changes, increase in interest rates, and asset mix changes. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 29,778,000 and 10,890,000, respectively. The average interest rate on interest bearing deposits increased to 2.56 for the nine months ended ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.23 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 31.65 or 373,565,000 to 1,553,731,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,180,166,000 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Average other borrowed funds were 168,684,000 with an effective rate of 5.35 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 87,741,000 with an effective rate of 5.16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total interest expense on other borrowed funds was 6,788,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 3,393,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net interest income (fully tax-equivalent basis) before the provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 16,019,000 or 25.25 to 79,450,000 compared to 63,431,000 for the same period in 2023. The increase was a result of the acquisition as of April 1, 2024, yield changes, asset mix changes, and an increase in average earning assets, offset by an increase in interest expense on average interest bearing liabilities. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our provisions for credit losses on loans, charge-offs and recoveries and ending allowance for credit losses for loans at the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period 24,940 15,463 14,653 10,848 Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13 3,910 PCD ACL on loans acquired 821 (Credit) provision for credit losses (211) 265 9,821 967 Losses charged to allowance (20) (254) (648) (611) Recoveries 182 60 244 420 Balance, end of period 24,891 15,534 24,891 15,463 Allowance for credit losses to total loans at end of period 1.08 1.22 1.08 1.22 
 
 Managing high-risk credits includes developing a business strategy with the customer to mitigate our potential losses. Management continues to monitor these credits with a view to identifying as early as possible when, and to what extent, additional provisions may be necessary. Management believes that the level of allowance for credit losses has been adjusted accordingly. 
 
 During the three month and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a 211,000 credit and a 9,821,000 provision for credit losses on loans, respectively. During the three month and nine months periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a 265,000 and 967,000 provision for credit losses on loans, respectively. 
 
 49 

The Company had net recoveries of 162,000 and and net charge-offs totaling 404,000 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company had net charge-offs totaling 194,000 and 191,000 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company has been and will continue to be proactive in looking for signs of deterioration within the loan portfolio in an effort to manage credit quality and work with borrowers where possible to mitigate losses. As of September 30, 2024, there were 39,637,000 in classified loans of which 2,837,000 related to commercial and industrial loans, zero to agricultural production, 4,253,000 to owner occupied real estate, 23,901,000 to non-owner occupied real estate, 6,093,000 to farmland, and 112,000 to consumer. This compares to 20,301,000 in classified loans of which 222,000 related to commercial and industrial loans, 976,000 to agricultural production, 497,000 to owner occupied real estate, 15,969,000 to non-owner occupied real estate, 2,413,000 to farmland, and 224,000 to consumer as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Non-interest income is comprised of customer service charges, loan placement fees, net gains/losses on sales and calls of investment securities, appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance, FHLB dividends, and other income. Non-interest income was 1,105,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,583,000 for the same period in 2023. The 478,000 or 30.20 decrease in non-interest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by additional net realized losses on sales of investment securities in the amount of 1,814,000 more than at September 30, 2023, offset by 787,000 or 311.07 increase in other income, 152,000 or 33.78 increase in interchange fees and 102,000 or 27.13 increase on service charges. 
 
 Non-interest income was 4,142,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4,752,000 for the same period in 2023. The 610,000 or 12.84 decrease in non-interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by 2,134,000 in other income, increases in loan placement fees of 246,000, and increase in the interchange fees of 289,000, offset by 3,903,000 in additional net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities from 296,000 at September 30, 2023 to 4,199,000 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased due largely due CRA investment distributions received in the amount of 988,000 and 975,000, respectively. 
 
 The Bank currently holds 10,978,000 in stock from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco in conjunction with our borrowing capacity and generally earns quarterly dividends. We received dividends totaling 555,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 349,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table shows significant components of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges 478 376 102 27.1 1,342 1,132 210 18.6 Appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 349 260 89 34.2 971 763 208 27.3 Interchange fees 602 450 152 33.8 1,642 1,353 289 21.4 Loan placement fees 251 119 132 110.9 661 415 246 59.3 Net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities (1,853) (39) (1,814) 4651.3 (4,199) (296) (3,903) 1318.6 Federal Home Loan Bank dividends 238 134 104 77.6 555 349 206 59.0 Other income 1,040 283 757 267.5 3,170 1,036 2,134 206.0 Total non-interest income 1,105 1,583 (478) (30.2) 4,142 4,752 (610) (12.8) 
 50 

Non-Interest Expenses 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, information technology, data processing, professional services, acquisition and integration expenses, and regulatory assessments are the major categories of non-interest expenses. 
 
 Non-interest expenses increased 14,241,000 or 105.99 to 27,677,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13,436,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result increases in salaries and employee benefits of 6,236,000, acquisition and merger expenses of 2,843,000, occupancy and equipment of 1,197,000, other expense of 1,039,000, and information technology of 963,000. 
 
 Non-interest expenses increased 31,067,000 or 76.81 to 71,513,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 40,446,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase for the nine months period was primarily the result of increases in salaries and employee benefits of 12,317,000, acquisition and merger expenses of 8,537,000, occupancy and equipment of 2,641,000, other expenses of 2,197,000, information technology of 1,725,000, regulatory assessments of 467,000, and professional services of 721,000. 

Salaries and employee benefits increased 12,317,000 or 52.45 to 35,800,000 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 23,483,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in salaries and benefits was a reflection of an increase in full-time equivalent employees as a result of the merger. Full time equivalent employees were 356 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 248 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table shows significant components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 13,710 7,474 6,236 83.4 35,800 23,483 12,317 52.5 Occupancy and equipment 2,687 1,490 1,197 80.3 6,653 4,012 2,641 65.8 Information technology 1,878 915 963 105.2 4,422 2,697 1,725 64.0 Regulatory assessments 437 358 79 22.1 1,391 924 467 50.5 Data processing expense 1,288 680 608 89.4 3,010 1,949 1,061 54.4 Professional services 861 477 384 80.5 2,187 1,466 721 49.2 ATM/Debit card expenses 546 192 354 184.4 1,178 569 609 107.0 Advertising 261 133 128 96.2 701 382 319 83.5 Directors expenses 193 150 43 28.7 551 464 87 18.8 Merger and acquisition expense 3,208 365 2,843 778.9 9,147 610 8,537 1399.5 Loan related expenses 260 106 154 145.3 486 393 93 23.7 Personnel other 53 51 2 3.9 233 373 (140) (37.5) Amortization of core deposit intangibles 251 251 #DIV/0! 501 68 433 636.8 Other expense 2,044 1,045 999 95.6 5,253 3,056 2,197 71.9 Total non-interest expense 27,677 13,436 14,241 106.0 71,513 40,446 31,067 76.8 

51 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Our effective income tax rate was 18.63 and 24.72 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Our effective income tax rate was 28.81 and 24.87 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The Company reported an income tax provision of 775,000 and 2,098,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company reported an income tax provision of 312,000 and provision of 6,501,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The effective tax rate was affected by reduced income due to merger expenses and additional Low Income Housing Tax Credits LIHTC added during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. If deemed necessary, the Company maintains a reserve for uncertain income taxes where the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained upon examination do not meet a more-likely-than-not criteria. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no reserve for uncertain tax positions. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Summary of Changes in Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Total assets were 3,531,298,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 2,433,426,000 at December 31, 2023, an increase of 45.12 or 1,097,872,000. Total gross loans were 2,297,143,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 1,290,797,000 at December 31, 2023, an increase of 1,006,346,000 or 77.96 . Total cash and cash equivalents increased 177.35 or 95,285,000 to 149,013,000 at September 30, 2024 compared to 53,728,000 at December 31, 2023. The investment portfolio decreased 5.27 or 93,613,000 to 812,674,000 at September 30, 2024 compared to 906,287,000 at December 31, 2023. Total deposits increased 43.11 or 880,083,000 to 2,921,695,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 2,041,612,000 at December 31, 2023. Shareholders equity increased 156,451,000 or 75.56 to 363,515,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 207,064,000 at December 31, 2023. The increase in shareholders equity was driven by the retention of e arnings, issuance of common stock, the change in unrealized loss, partially offset by dividends paid. Accrued interest payable and other liabilities was 43,727,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 35,006,000 at December 31, 2023, an increase of 8,721,000. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Our investment portfolio consists primarily of private label mortgage, U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage backed obligations, asset backed securities (PLMABS), corporate debt securities, and obligations of states and political subdivision securities and are classified at the date of acquisition as available for sale or held to maturity. As of September 30, 2024, investment securities with a fair value of 444,649,000, or 55.18 of our investment securities portfolio, were held as collateral for public funds, short and long-term borrowings, treasury, tax, and for other purposes. 
 
 The level of our investment portfolio as a percentage of our total earnings assets has historically been considered higher than our peers due to a comparatively low loan-to-deposit ratio. However, with the recent acquisition that was completed on April 1, 2024, our loan-to-deposit ratio at September 30, 2024 increased to 78.62 , compared to 63.22 at December 31, 2023 and 57.07 at September 30, 2023. Going forward, the Company s investment portfolio as a percentage of total earnings assets should be within the range of our peers. The total investment portfolio decreased 5.27 or 93,613,000 to 812,674,000 at September 30, 2024 compared to 906,287,000 at December 31, 2023. The fair value of the available-for-sale investment portfolio reflected a net unrealized loss of 49,999,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to net unrealized losses of 72,450,000 at December 31, 2023 and 85,234,000 at September 30, 2023. 
 52 

See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) included in this report for carrying values and estimated fair values of our investment securities portfolio. 
 
 Loans 
 
 Total gross loans increased 1,006,346,000 or 77.96 to 2,297,143,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 1,290,797,000 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the composition of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 
 Loan Type (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of Total Loans December 31, 2023 of Total Loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial 143,876 6.3 105,466 8.2 Agricultural production 16,940 0.7 33,556 2.6 Total commercial 160,816 7.0 139,022 10.8 Real estate: Construction other land loans 85,135 3.7 33,472 2.6 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 308,472 13.4 215,146 16.7 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 902,393 39.3 539,522 41.8 Farmland 138,544 6.0 120,674 9.3 Multi-family residential 131,013 5.7 61,307 4.7 1-4 family - close-ended 125,405 5.5 96,558 7.5 1-4 family - revolving 35,482 1.5 27,648 2.2 Total real estate 1,726,444 75.1 1,094,327 84.8 Consumer: Manufactured Housing 320,786 14.0 Other installment loans 87,133 3.8 55,606 4.3 Total consumer 407,919 17.8 55,606 4.3 Net deferred origination costs 1,964 0.1 1,842 0.1 Loan, net of deferred origination fees 2,297,143 100.0 1,290,797 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (24,891) (14,653) Total loans 2,272,252 1,276,144 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in loans commercial real estate representing approximately 56.4 of total loans. This level of concentration of commercial real estate is lower than the 61.1 of total loans at December 31, 2023. Although management believes the loans within this concentration have no more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the performance of the economy in general or a decline in real estate values in our primary market areas, in particular, could have an adverse impact on collectability, increase the level of real estate-related non-performing loans, or have other adverse effects which alone or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company does not engage in any sub-prime mortgage lending activities. 
 
 From the acquisition completed on April 1, 2024, the Company s acquired gross loans totaled 925.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and are included in the above table. Those loans by loan type were 539.1 million in commercial real estate loans, 327.4 million in manufacturing housing loans, 31.7 million totaled commercial loans, 27.2 million in single family residence loans, and 139.3 thousand in other installment loans. 
 
 We believe that our commercial real estate loan underwriting policies and practices result in prudent extensions of credit, but recognize that our lending activities result in relatively high reported commercial real estate lending levels. Commercial real estate loans include certain loans which represent low to moderate risk and certain loans with higher risks. 
 
 53 

Nonperforming Assets 
 
 Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans, other real estate owned (OREO), and repossessed assets. Nonperforming loans are those loans which have (i) been placed on nonaccrual status; (ii) been classified as doubtful under our asset classification system; or (iii) become contractually past due 90 days or more with respect to principal or interest and have not been restructured or otherwise placed on nonaccrual status. A loan is classified as nonaccrual when (i) it is maintained on a cash basis because of deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower; (ii) payment in full of principal or interest under the original contractual terms is not expected; or (iii) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 there were 3,250,000 nonperforming assets, compared to December 31, 2023 there were no nonperforming assets. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 For additional information regarding provisions to credit losses on loans, see Provision for credit losses on loans above. Based on the current conditions of the loan portfolio, management believes that the 24,891,000 is adequate to absorb current expected credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio. The following table summarizes the allocation for the allowance for credit losses by loan type as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Loan Type September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 1,083 948 Agricultural production 184 527 Total commercial 1,267 1,475 Real estate: Construction other land loans 2,601 848 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 3,031 1,945 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 9,734 5,574 Farmland 1,347 1,254 Multi-family residential 1,465 642 1-4 family - revolving 1,703 1,444 1-4 family - revolving 685 520 Total real estate 20,566 12,227 Consumer: Manufacturing housing 2,085 Other installment loans 973 951 Total consumer 3,058 951 Total allowance for credit losses 24,891 14,653 
 As of September 30, 2024, the balance in the allowance for credit losses (ACL) on loans was 24,891,000, or 1.08 of total gross loans, compared to 14,653,000, or 1.14 of total gross loans, as of December 31, 2023. The balance of unfunded commitments to extend credit on construction and other loans and letters of credit was 414,181,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 276,270,000 as of December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of the reserve for unfunded commitments was 1,101,000 and 839,000, respectively. The reserve for unfunded commitments is calculated by management using appropriate, systematic, and consistently applied processes. While related to credit losses, this allocation is not a part of the ACL on loans and is considered separately as a liability for accounting and regulatory reporting purposes. 
 
 54 

The following table illustrates and sets forth additional analysis which portrays the trends that are occurring in the loan portfolio. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance to Total Loans Balance to Total Loans Balance to Total Loans Past due loans 30 days or more 6,539 0.28 3,742 0.29 236 0.02 Nonaccrual loans 3,250 0.14 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The Bank s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to applicable legal limits. All of a depositor s accounts at an insured depository institution, including all non-interest bearing transactions accounts, are insured by the FDIC up to standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 for each deposit insurance ownership category. 
 
 Total deposits increased 880,083,000 or 43.11 to 2,921,695,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 2,041,612,000 as of December 31, 2023. Interest-bearing deposits increased 755,201,000 or 69.28 to 1,845,272,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 1,090,071,000 as of December 31, 2023. Non-interest bearing deposits increased 124,882,000 or 13.12 to 1,076,423,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 951,541,000 as of December 31, 2023. Average non-interest bearing deposits to average total deposits was 39.60 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 45.58 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 The composition of the deposits and year-to-date average interest rates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is summarized in the table below. 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of Total Deposits Average Interest Rate December 31, 2023 of Total Deposits Average Interest Rate NOW accounts 344,036 11.8 0.12 251,334 12.3 0.13 MMA accounts 879,445 30.1 2.77 497,043 24.4 1.68 Time deposits 443,932 15.2 5.09 162,085 7.9 3.68 Savings deposits 177,859 6.1 0.20 179,609 8.8 0.12 Total interest-bearing 1,845,272 63.2 2.56 1,090,071 53.4 1.33 Non-interest bearing 1,076,423 36.8 951,541 46.6 Total deposits 2,921,695 100.0 2,041,612 100.0 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 there was 1,069,640,000 in uninsured deposits or 36.61 of total deposits, compared to 821,756,000 and 46.47 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 90,000,000 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco long-term advances outstanding and 45,000,000 short-term advances outstanding, which was used to pay-off the in short-term advances from the Federal Reserve s Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) during the third quarter of 2024. There was 35,000,000 in short-term FHLB advances and 45,000,000 in short-term BTFP advances as of December 31, 2023. We maintain a line of credit with the FHLB collateralized by government securities and loans. Refer to the Liquidity section below for further discussion of FHLB advances. 

Capital 
 
 Capital serves as a source of funds and helps protect depositors and shareholders against potential losses. Historically, the primary source of capital for the Company has been through retained earnings. 
 
 The Company has historically maintained substantial levels of capital. The assessment of capital adequacy is dependent on several factors including asset quality, earnings trends, liquidity and economic conditions. Maintenance of adequate capital levels is integral to providing stability to the Company. The Company needs to 
 55 

maintain substantial levels of regulatory capital to give it maximum flexibility in the changing regulatory environment and to respond to changes in the market and economic conditions. 
 
 Our shareholders equity was 363,515,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 207,064,000 at December 31, 2023. The increase from December 31, 2023 in shareholders equity is the result of an increase in issuance of common stock due to business combination from the acquisition on April 1, 20224, a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of 17,023,000, partially offset by a decrease in retained earnings due to dividends paid being greater than year-to-date net income of 771,000. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company declared 5,957,000 in cash dividends 0.36 per common share) to holders of common stock. The Company declared and paid 4,238,000 in cash dividends 0.36 per common share) to holders of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The following table presents the Company s regulatory capital r atios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 310,026 9.38 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 305,026 11.12 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 310,026 11.30 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 371,573 13.55 December 31, 2023 Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 222,567 9.18 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 217,567 12.78 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 222,567 13.07 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 273,699 16.08 
 The following table presents the Bank s regulatory capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio Minimum regulatory requirement (1) Minimum requirement for Well-Capitalized 
 Institution 
 September 30, 2024 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 371,682 11.24 132,213 4.00 165,267 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 371,682 13.55 123,413 7.00 178,264 6.50 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 371,682 13.55 164,551 8.50 219,402 8.00 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 398,531 14.53 219,402 10.50 274,252 10.00 December 31, 2023 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 285,099 11.75 97,016 4.00 121,271 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 285,099 16.76 76,526 7.00 110,538 6.50 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 285,099 16.76 102,035 8.50 136,047 8.00 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 301,642 17.74 136,047 10.50 170,058 10.00 (1) The minimum regulatory requirement threshold includes the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 
 56 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management involves our ability to meet cash flow requirements arising from fluctuations in deposit levels and demands of daily operations, which include funding of securities purchases, providing for customers credit needs and ongoing repayment of borrowings. Our liquidity is actively managed on a daily basis and reviewed periodically by our management and Board of Director s Asset/Liability Committees. This process is intended to ensure the maintenance of sufficient funds to meet our needs, including adequate cash flow for off-balance sheet commitments. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are derived from financing activities which include the acceptance of customer and, to a lesser extent, broker deposits, Federal funds facilities with correspondent banks, and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. These funding sources are augmented by payments of principal and interest on loans, the routine maturities and pay downs of securities from the securities portfolio, the stability of our core deposits and the ability to sell investment securities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unpledged securities totaling 368,025,000 available as a secondary source of liquidity and total cash and cash equivalents of 149,013,000. Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 increased 177.35 compared to 53,728,000 at December 31, 2023. Primary uses of funds include withdrawal of and interest payments on deposits, originations and purchases of loans, purchases of investment securities, and payment of operating expenses. 
 
 As a means of augmenting our liquidity, we have established federal funds lines with our correspondent banks. At September 30, 2024, our available borrowing capacity includes approximately 110,000,000 in unsecured credit lines with our correspondent banks, 565,283,000 in unused FHLB secured advances, and a 3,958,000 secured credit line at the Federal Reserve Bank. We believe our liquidity sources to be stable and adequate. At September 30, 2024, we were not aware of any information that was reasonably likely to have a material effect on our liquidity position. 
 
 The following table reflects the Company s credit lines, balances outstanding, and pledged collateral at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Credit Lines (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Unsecured Credit Lines Total credit limit 110,000 110,000 Balance outstanding Federal Home Loan Bank Total credit limit 727,283 342,483 Balance outstanding, net of discount 132,508 35,000 Collateral pledged 1,227,440 612,702 Fair value of collateral 1,006,135 500,972 Federal Reserve Bank Term Loan Funding Program Total credit limit 45,000 Balance outstanding 45,000 Collateral pledged 53,650 Fair value of collateral 47,603 Federal Reserve Bank Credit limit 3,958 4,448 Balance outstanding Collateral pledged 4,527 4,894 Fair value of collateral 4,112 4,374 
 
 The liquidity of the parent company, Community West Bancshares, is primarily dependent on the payment of cash dividends by its subsidiary, Community West Bank, subject to limitations imposed by California statutes and the regulations. 
 
 57 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from an adverse change in the market value (or prices) of financial instruments. A significant component of market risk is interest rate risk, which is inherent in our lending, investment, borrowing and deposit gathering activities. The Bank manages interest rate sensitivity to minimize the exposure of our net interest margin, earnings, and capital to changes in interest rates. Interest rate changes can create fluctuations in the net interest margin due to an imbalance in the timing of repricing or maturity of assets or liabilities. Interest rate changes can also affect the market value of our financial instruments, such as available-for-sale securities and the related unrealized gains or losses, which affects our equity value. 
 
 To mitigate interest rate risk, the structure of our assets and liabilities is managed with the objective of correlating the effects of interest rate changes on loans and investments with those of deposits and borrowings. The asset and liability management policy sets limits on the acceptable amount of change to net interest income and economic value of equity in different interest rate environments. 
 
 ALCO and the Board of Directors review our exposure to interest rate risk at least quarterly. We use simulation models to measure interest rate risk and to evaluate strategies to improve profitability in the context of policy guidelines. A simplified statement of condition is prepared on a quarterly basis as a starting point, using instrument level data of our actual loans, investments, borrowings and deposits as inputs. If potential changes to net equity value and net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by the Board of Directors, management may adjust the asset and liability mix to bring the risk position within approved limits or take other actions. Governing policies are subject to review by regulators and are updated to incorporate their observations and to adapt to changes in idiosyncratic and systemic risks. At September 30, 2024, interest rate risk was within policy guidelines established by ALCO and the Board. One set of interest rates modeled and evaluated against flat interest rates and a static balance sheet is a series of immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve. Our most recent analysis of our interest rate sensitivity is provided in the following table as an example rather than an expectation of likely interest rate movements. 
 
 Immediate and Parallel Shift in Interest Rates (in basis points) Estimated Change in Net Interest Income in Year 1, as percent of Net Interest Income Estimated Change in Net Interest Income in Year 2, as percent of Net Interest Income up 400 3.91 3.97 up 300 3.16 3.24 up 200 2.38 2.48 up 100 1.99 2.34 down 100 (3.86) (5.06) down 200 (6.00) (8.01) down 300 (7.82) (10.44) down 400 (9.31) (12.54) 
 
 Interest rate sensitivity is a function of the repricing characteristics of our assets and liabilities. The Bank runs a combination of scenarios and sensitivities in its attempt to capture the range of interest rate risk including the simulations mentioned above. As with any simulation model or other method of measuring interest rate risk, limitations are inherent in the process and dependent on assumptions. For example, lower deposit growth than modeled may cause the Bank to increase its borrowing position, thereby increasing its liability sensitivity. Additionally, assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in market interest rates in terms of both timing and responsiveness to market rate movements. Important deposit modeling assumptions include the speed of deposit run-off and the amount by which interest-bearing deposit rates increase or decrease when market interest rates change, otherwise known as the deposit beta. The above tables reflect a range of deposit betas to rates paid on non-maturity interest-bearing deposits that differ in rising and falling rate scenarios, depending on product type and magnitude of the rate shock. The actual rates and timing of prepayments on loans and investment securities could vary significantly from the assumptions applied in the various scenarios. Lastly, uneven changes in different tenors of U.S. Treasury rates that result in changes to the shape of the yield curve could produce different results from those presented in the table. Accordingly, the results presented should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results in the event of changing market interest rates. 
 
 58 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the information generated for use in this Quarterly Report. The evaluation was based in part upon reports provided by a number of executives. Based upon, and as of the date of the evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 None to report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 A discussion of risk factors affecting us as is set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion of risk factors provides a description of some of the important risk factors that could affect our actual results and could cause our results to vary materially from those expressed in public statements or documents. However, other factors besides those included in the discussion of risk factors, or discussed elsewhere in any of our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC could affect our business or results. The readers should not consider any description of such factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that we may face. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None to report. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None to report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None to report. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None to report. 
 
 59 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Central Valley Community Bancorp attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on From 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 15, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 Bank Holding Company Merger Agreement, dated March 20, 2024 (amending the articles to change the name of the corporation), attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.3 Revised and Restated bylaws of the Company as amended attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on From 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 15, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(d) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(d) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) / 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) / 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 
 
 60 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Community West Bancshares Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ James J. Kim James J. Kim Chief Executive Officer Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Shannon Livingston Shannon Livingston Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

61 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3112024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, James J. Kim, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 of COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s James J. Kim Date November 6, 2024 James J. Kim, 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3122024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Shannon Livingston, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 of COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Shannon Livingston Date November 6, 2024 Shannon Livingston, 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3212024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Community West Bancshares (CWBC) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James J. Kim, President and Chief Executive Officer of CWBC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CWBC. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Community West Bancshares and will be retained by Community West Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 s James J. Kim JAMES J. KIM Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3222024q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Community West Bancshares (CWBC) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Shannon Livingston, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer of CWBC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CWBC. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Community West Bancshares and will be retained by Community West Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 s Shannon Livingston SHANNON LIVINGSTON Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cvcy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cvcy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cvcy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cvcy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cvcy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

