<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1434868_0001628280-24-046307.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6954828</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175517</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1348352</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1827210</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1923482</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1579177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046307.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046307
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Esperion Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434868
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35986
		FILM NUMBER:		241436194

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3891 RANCHERO DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		734-887-3903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3891 RANCHERO DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HDL THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080513

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046307.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 espr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

espr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 I tem 5. Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 46 
 Signatures 
 48 

From time to time, we may use our website, our X (formerly Twitter) account (@EsperionInc) or our LinkedIn profile at www.linkedin.com/company/esperion-therapeutics to distribute material information. Our financial and other material information is routinely posted to and accessible on the Investors Media section of our website, available at www.esperion.com. Investors are encouraged to review the Investors Media section of our website because we may post material information on that site that is not otherwise disseminated by us. Information that is contained in and can be accessed through our website or our LinkedIn page is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including without limitation our corporate name and logo. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may also contain trademarks, service marks and trade names of third parties, which are the property of their respective owners. Our use or display of third parties trademarks, service marks, trade names or products in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is not intended to, and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship by us. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be referred to without the and symbols, but the omission of such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid clinical development costs Inventories, net Other prepaid and current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use operating lease assets Intangible assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued clinical development costs Accrued variable consideration Other accrued liabilities Revenue interest liability Royalty sale liability 
 Deferred revenue from collaborations Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible notes, net of issuance costs Revenue interest liability Royalty sale liability 
 Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) par value; shares authorized and shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and shares authorized as of December 31, 2023; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and shares issued at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Product sales, net Collaboration revenue Total Revenues Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations 
 ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 ) Other income, net Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Unrealized gain on investments 
 Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units 
 Vesting of ESPP shares 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Issuance of common stock, warrants, and pre-funded warrants, net of issuance costs 
 Other comprehensive gain 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock from ATM program, net of issuance costs Exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 Other comprehensive gain 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Vesting of ESPP Shares Stock-based compensation Exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock from offering, net of issuance costs 
 Exercise of warrants 
 Other comprehensive gain Net income 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options 
 Exercise of warrants 
 Other comprehensive gain Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock from ATM program, net of issuance costs 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Non-cash royalty revenue 
 ) Depreciation expense Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Non-cash interest expense related to the revenue interest liability Non-cash interest expense related to the royalty sale liability 
 Stock-based compensation expense Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaids and other assets ) Deferred revenue ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities Proceeds from sales/maturities of investments Purchase of property and equipment ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Payments on revenue interest liability ) ) Repurchase of revenue interest liability 
 ) Payment of royalty sale liability issuance costs 
 ) Proceeds from royalty sale liability 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, warrants, and pre-funded warrants, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock from ATM program, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants, net of issuance costs Proceeds from exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Common stock issuance costs not yet paid Non-cash right of use asset 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 patients in August 2019. The primary endpoint of the study was the effect of bempedoic acid on four types of major adverse cardiovascular events ("MACE") (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, or coronary revascularization; also referred to as "four-component MACE"). CLEAR Outcomes was an event-driven trial and concluded once the predetermined number of MACE endpoints occurred. The study showed that bempedoic acid demonstrated significant cardiovascular risk reductions and significantly reduced the risk of heart attack and coronary revascularization as compared to placebo. These results were seen in a broad population of primary and secondary prevention patients who are unable to maximize or tolerate a statin. The proportions of patients experiencing adverse events and serious adverse events were similar between the active and placebo treatment groups. Bempedoic acid, contained in NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablets and NEXLIZET (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets, became the first LDL-C lowering therapy since statins proven to lower hard ischemic events, not only in those with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease ("ASCVD") but also in the large number of primary prevention patients for whom limited therapies exist. 
 On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH ("DSE") to amicably resolve and dismiss the commercial dispute then pending in the Southern District of New York ("Settlement Agreement"). Under the Settlement Agreement, DSE agreed to pay the Company an aggregate of million, including (1) a -million payment within business days of the effective date of the Settlement Agreement and (2) a -million payment received in the second quarter of 2024 after the EMA rendered a decision on the application that was filed with the EMA for a Type II(a) variation for the Company's oral non-statin products marketed as NILEMDO tablets and NUSTENDI tablets in Europe. The legal action pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York has now been dismissed. Refer to Note 3 "Collaborations with Third Parties" and Note 5 "Commitments and Contingencies" for further information. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value per share, at a purchase price to the public of per share. The Underwriters were also granted a -day option to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock, at the public offering price. On January 19, 2024, Jefferies gave notice to the Company of its election to exercise the option to purchase additional shares, in full. Giving effect to the exercise of Underwriters' option, the January Offering closed on January 23, 2024, with proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses of million. 
 On March 22, 2024, the Company announced that the FDA approved new label expansions for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET based on positive CLEAR Outcomes data that include indications for cardiovascular risk reduction and expanded LDL-C lowering in both primary and secondary prevention patients. In addition, the enhanced labels support the use of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET either alone or in combination with statins. They also include new indications for primary hyperlipidemia, alone or in combination with a statin, and are now the only LDL-C lowering non-statin drugs indicated for primary prevention patients. 
 
 On May 22, 2024, the Company announced that the European Commission ("EC") approved the label update of both NILEMDO and NUSTENDI as treatments for hypercholesterolemia and to reduce the risk of adverse cardiovascular events. The EC s decisions to update the labels of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe fixed dose combination are based on the positive CLEAR Outcomes trial results and makes them the first and only LDL-C lowering treatments indicated for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. NILEMDO and NUSTENDI are approved to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with or at high risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 
 
 On June 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with OCM IP Healthcare Portfolio LP OMERS ), a limited partnership formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada (the Purchaser ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser purchased for , a portion of the royalties payable on net sales of Bempedoic Acid (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) and any other Licensed Products (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) in the DSE Territory (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) pursuant to the License and Collaboration Agreement dated January 2, 2019, between Daiichi Sankyo Europe GMBH and the Company, as amended (the License and Collaboration Agreement and such royalties being the Royalty Interests ). 
 
 The Purchaser acquired of the Royalty Interests until such time as the Purchaser has received an aggregate amount equal to x of the Purchase Price (equivalent to ). Following receipt of such amount, of all Royalty Interests will revert to the Company. The Purchase Agreement contains other customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations in favor of each party. Refer to Note 9 "Sale of Future Royalties" for further information. 
 
 On June 27, 2024, the Company repurchased Revenue Interests outstanding under the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement (the RIPA ), dated effective as of June 26, 2019, as amended, by and among the Company, the purchasers party thereto (the Purchasers ), and Eiger III SA LLC ("Oberland"), as the collateral agent and administrative agent (the Purchaser Agent ), and satisfied all other Obligations (as defined in the RIPA) owed to the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agent by paying to the Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a payment in cash of (the Repurchase Consideration ). Following the payment of the Repurchase Consideration, (a) all Revenue Interests were deemed to have been repurchased and all Obligations, debts and liabilities of the Company under the RIPA and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the RIPA) were deemed to have been paid and satisfied in full, and automatically released, discharged and terminated, and the RIPA and all other Transaction Documents automatically terminated, and all liens, security interests and pledges in favor of, granted to or held by the Purchaser Agent to secure the Obligations under the Transaction Documents were automatically terminated and released. R efer to Note 8 "Liability Related to the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement" for further information. 
 
 The Company's primary activities since incorporation have been conducting research and development activities, including nonclinical, preclinical and clinical testing, performing business and financial planning, recruiting personnel, raising capital, and commercializing its products. The Company received approval by the FDA in February 2020 to commercialize NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET in the U.S., and accordingly commenced principal operations on March 30, 2020 with the commercialization of NEXLETOL. The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties which include the need to successfully commercialize its products, research, develop, and clinically test therapeutic products; obtain regulatory approvals for its products; successfully manage relationships with its collaboration partners; expand its management, commercial and scientific staff; and finance its operations with an ultimate goal of achieving profitable operations. 
 The Company has sustained annual operating losses since inception and expects such losses to continue over the foreseeable future. While management believes current cash resources and future cash received from the Company's net product sales and collaboration agreements with DSE, Otsuka, and Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd ("DS"), entered into on January 2, 2019, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 customers accounted for all of the Company's net trade receivables. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, three customers held approximately and of the Company's trade receivables associated with net product sales, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, three customers accounted for approximately and of gross sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 primary sources: collaboration revenue and product sales. Collaboration revenue consists of the collaboration payments to the Company for collaboration arrangements outside of the United States for the development, manufacturing and commercialization, including royalties, of the Company's product candidates by the Company's partners and product sales consists of sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. 
 a. Collaboration Revenue 
 The Company has entered into agreements related to its activities to develop, manufacture, and commercialize its product candidates. The Company earns collaboration revenue in connection with a collaboration agreement to develop and/or commercialize product candidates where the Company deems the collaborator to be the customer. Revenue is recognized when (or as) the Company satisfies performance obligations under the terms of a contract. Depending on the terms of the arrangement, the Company may defer the recognition of all or a portion of the consideration received as the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 The collaboration agreements may require the Company to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. In an agreement involving multiple goods or services promised to be transferred to a customer, the Company must assess, at the inception of the contract, whether each promise represents a separate performance obligation (i.e., is "distinct"), or whether such promises should be combined as a single performance obligation. 
 The terms of the agreement typically include consideration to be provided to the Company in the form of non-refundable up-front payments, development milestones, sales milestones, and royalties on sales of products within a respective territory. The Company recognizes regulatory and approval milestones as consideration when it is probable that a future reversal is unlikely to occur. For sales-based milestones and royalties based on sales of product in a territory, the Company applies the sales-based royalty exception in ASC 606-10-55-65 to all of these milestones and royalties. 
 At the inception of the contract, the transaction price reflects the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to its customer. In the arrangement where the Company satisfies performance obligation(s) during the regulatory phase over time, the Company recognizes collaboration revenue typically using an input method on the basis of regulatory costs incurred relative to the total expected cost which determines the extent of progress toward completion. The Company reviews the estimate of the transaction price and the total expected cost each period and makes revisions to such estimates as necessary. Under contracted supply agreements with collaborators, the Company, through its third party contract manufacturing partners, may manufacture and supply quantities of active pharmaceutical ingredient API or bulk tablets reasonably required by collaboration partners for the development or sale of licensed products in their respective territory. The Company recognizes revenue when the collaboration partner has obtained control of the API or bulk tablets. The Company records the costs related to the supply agreement in cost of goods sold on the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Under the Company's collaboration agreements, product sales and cost of sales may be recorded by the Company's collaborators as they are deemed to be the principal in the transaction. The Company receives royalties from the commercialization of such products, and records its share of the variable consideration, representing a percentage of net product sales, as collaboration revenue in the period in which such underlying sales occur and costs are incurred by the collaborator. On May 22, 2024, the Company announced that the EC approved the label update of both NILEMDO and NUSTENDI as treatments for hypercholesterolemia and to reduce the risk of adverse cardiovascular events. The EC s decisions to update the labels of bempedoic acid and bempedoic acid / ezetimibe FDC are based on the positive CLEAR Outcomes trial results and makes them the first and only LDL-C lowering treatments indicated for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. NILEMDO and NUSTENDI are approved to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with or at high risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company sells NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET to wholesalers in the U.S. and, in accordance with ASC 606, recognizes revenue at the point in time when the customer is deemed to have obtained control of the product. The customer is deemed to have obtained control of the product at the time of physical receipt of the product at the customers distribution facilities, or free on board FOB destination, the terms of which are designated in the contract. 
 Product sales are recorded at the net selling price, which includes estimates of variable consideration for which reserves are established for (a) rebates and chargebacks, (b) co-pay assistance programs, (c) distribution fees, (d) product returns, and (e) other discounts. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes which are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as current contractual and statutory requirements, and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. Overall, these reserves reflect the Company's best estimates of the amount of consideration to which it is entitled based on the terms of the applicable contract. The amount of variable consideration may be constrained and is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. Given the early stage of the Company s commercial operations it has provided constraint of its variable consideration due to its potential consumption trends. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the Company's estimates. If actual results in the future vary from estimates, the Company adjusts these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. 
 Liabilities for co-pay assistance, expected product returns, rebates, and distributor fees are classified as Accrued variable consideration in the condensed balance sheets. Discounts, such as prompt pay discounts, and chargebacks are recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable in the condensed balance sheets. 
 Forms of Variable Consideration 
 Rebates and Chargebacks: The Company estimates reductions to product sales for Public Health Service Institutions, such as Medicaid, Medicare and Veterans' Administration ("VA") programs, as well as certain other qualifying federal and state government programs, and other group purchasing organizations. The Company estimates these reductions based upon the Company's contracts with government agencies and other organizations, statutorily defined discounts and estimated payor mix. These organizations purchase directly from the Company's wholesalers at a discount and the wholesalers charge the Company back the difference between the wholesaler price and the discounted price. The Company's liability for Medicaid rebates consists of estimates for claims that a state will make for a current quarter. The Company's reserve for this discounted pricing is based on expected sales to qualified healthcare providers and the chargebacks that customers have already claimed. 
 Co-pay assistance: Eligible patients who have commercial insurance may receive assistance from the Company to reduce the patient's out of pocket costs. The Company will buy down the difference between the amount of the eligible patient's co-pay when the drug is purchased at the pharmacy at a determined price. Liabilities for co-pay assistance are calculated by actual program participation from third-party administrators. 
 Distribution Fees: The Company has written contracts with its customers that include terms for distribution fees and costs for inventory management. The Company estimates and records distribution fees due to its customers based on gross sales. 
 Product Returns: The Company generally offers a right of return based on the product s expiration date and certain spoilage and damaged instances. The Company estimates the amount of product sales that may be returned and records the estimate as a reduction of product sales in the period the related product sales is recognized. The Company s estimates for 
 12 

Table of Contents 

13 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 million in 2019 and a million cash milestone payment in 2020 following the completion of the NUSTENDI Marketing Authorisation Applications ("MAA"). The Company is responsible for supplying DSE with certain manufacturing supply of the API or bulk tablets. In addition, the Company is eligible to receive additional sales milestone payments related to total net sales achievements for DSE in the DSE Territory. Finally, the Company is entitled to receive tiered fifteen percent to twenty-five percent royalties on net DSE Territory sales. 
 
 The DSE Agreement calls for both parties to participate in a Joint Collaboration Committee (the DSE JCC ). The DSE JCC is comprised of executive management from each company and the Company will lead in all aspects related to development and DSE will lead in all aspects related to commercialization in the DSE Territory. 
 On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into the Settlement Agreement with DSE to amicably resolve and dismiss their commercial dispute in the Southern District of New York. Under the Settlement Agreement, DSE has agreed to pay the Company an aggregate of million, including (1) a -million payment within business days of the effective date of the Settlement Agreement and (2) a -million payment in the calendar quarter immediately following the calendar quarter in which the EMA renders a decision on the application that was filed with the EMA for a Type II(a) variation for the Company s oral non-statin products marketed as NILEMDO (bempedoic acid) tablets and NUSTENDI (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets in Europe. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, also on January 2, 2024, the Company entered into a 3 rd Amendment (the DSE Amendment to the License and Collaboration Agreement dated January 2, 2019 with DSE. The DSE Amendment grants DSE the exclusive rights for clinical development, regulatory activities, manufacture and commercialization of a bempedoic acid/ezetimibe/statin triple combination pill in the DSE Territory. Further, after a transition period, DSE will assume sole responsibility for the manufacture of NILEMDO and NUSTENDI for the DSE Territory. 
 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The Company considered the guidance under ASC 606 and concluded that the Settlement Agreement was in the scope of ASC 606. The Company determined that significantly all the upfront payment of million from the transaction price received under the Settlement Agreement qualified for revenue recognition as it related to settlement of performance obligations completed under the DSE Agreement, including: 1) the settlement of the disputed milestone, which relates to variable consideration for full satisfied performance obligations, and 2) the developmental rights for the triple combination pill. In May 2024, the Company recognized collaboration revenue for a milestone payment of million based on the approval of updated labels for NILEMDO and NUSTENDI by the EMA and received the cash milestone payment in June 2024. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of million and approximately million, respectively, made up of payments pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and EMA approval during the first half of 2024, royalty revenue from DSE and sales of bulk tablets to DSE pursuant to the supply agreement that was executed with DSE. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of approximately million and million, respectively, related to royalty revenue from DSE from the sales of NILEMDO and NUSTENDI as well as the sales of bulk tablets to DSE pursuant to the supply agreement that was executed with DSE. 
 All remaining future potential milestone amounts were not included in the transaction price, as they were all determined to be fully constrained following the concepts of ASC 606 due to the fact that such amounts hinge on sales-based milestones. Additionally, the Company expects that any consideration related to sales-based milestones will be recognized when the subsequent sales occur. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million upfront cash payment and the Company will be eligible to receive additional payments of up to million if certain regulatory and commercial milestones are achieved by Otsuka. The potential future milestone payments include up to million upon first JNDA submissions in the Otsuka Territory, up to million upon the first NHI Price Listing (as defined in the Otsuka Agreement) for NEXLETOL in the Otsuka Territory, and following Regulatory Approval and NHI Price Listing, up to million upon the achievement of the primary major adverse cardiovascular events MACE endpoint in the CLEAR Outcomes study and the CV risk reduction rate in the U.S. label, depending on the range of relative risk reduction in the CLEAR Outcomes study. In addition, the Company is eligible to receive additional sales milestone payments up to million related to total net sales achievements for Otsuka in Japan. Finally, the Company is entitled to receive tiered fifteen percent to thirty percent royalties on net sales in Japan. 
 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The Company considered the guidance under ASC 606 and concluded that the agreement was in the scope of ASC 606. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of less than million and approximately million, respectively, related to sales of bulk tablets to Otsuka pursuant to the supply agreement that was executed with Otsuka. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million in collaboration revenue related to sales of bulk tablets to Otsuka pursuant to the Otsuka Agreement. 
 All future potential milestone amounts were not included in the transaction price, as they were all determined to be fully constrained following the concepts of ASC 606 due to the fact that such amounts hinge on development activities, regulatory approvals and sales-based milestones. Additionally, the Company expects that any consideration related to royalties and sales-based milestones will be recognized when the subsequent sales occur. 
 The Company has not yet recognized any revenue for milestone payments as the related regulatory and commercial milestones have not yet been achieved. 
 DS Agreement Terms 
 In April 2021, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd (the "DS Agreement"). Pursuant to the DS Agreement, the Company granted DS exclusive rights to develop and commercialize bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet in South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Thailand, Vietnam, Brazil, Macao, Cambodia and Myanmar (collectively, the "DS Territory"). The DS Agreement allows for potential expansion across geographies including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Yemen, Colombia and other Latin American countries. Except for certain development activities in South Korea and Taiwan, DS will be responsible for development and commercialization in these territories. In addition, DS will fund all development costs associated with the program in the DS Territory. Pursuant to the DS Agreement, the consideration consists of a million upfront cash payment that is non-refundable, non-reimbursable and non-creditable. The Company is also eligible to receive additional one-time payments of up to million if certain commercial milestones are achieved by DS. Also, the Company is entitled to receive tiered royalties of five percent to twenty percent of net sales in the DS Territory. 
 
 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, on January 2, 2024, the Company entered into the 1st Amendment (the DS Amendment to the License and Collaboration Agreement with DS. The DS Amendment grants DS exclusive rights for clinical development, regulatory activities, manufacture and commercialization of a bempedoic acid/ezetimibe/statin triple combination pill in the DS Territory. Further, after a transition period, DS will assume sole responsibility for the manufacture of NILEMDO and NUSTENDI for the DS Territory. 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 
 The Company considered the guidance under ASC 606 and concluded that the agreement was in the scope of ASC 606. The Company concluded that the upfront payment of million should be included in the transaction price and related to the following performance obligations under the agreement: 1) the license to the Company s intellectual property and 2) the obligation to provide ongoing development activities. The Company used the adjusted market assessment approach in 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million of collaboration revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to royalty revenue from DS. The Company recognized million and million, respectively, of collaboration revenue related to the ongoing regulatory and development activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 All future potential milestone amounts were not included in the transaction price, as they were all determined to be fully constrained following the concepts of ASC 606 due to the fact that such amounts hinge on development activities, regulatory approvals and sales-based milestones. Additionally, the Company expects that any consideration related to royalties and sales-based milestones will be recognized when the subsequent sales occur. 

4. 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 
 5. 
 million milestone payment upon inclusion of cardiovascular risk reduction in the EU label that correlates with a relative risk reduction rate of at least , based on the results of the CLEAR Outcomes CVOT. On May 4, 2023, the Company filed an amended complaint against DSE in the Southern District of New York seeking a judicial declaration, on an expedited basis, that DSE is contractually required to make a million milestone payment to the Company upon applicable regulatory approval. On June 20, 2023, DSE filed a response to the amended complaint. 
 
 On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into the Settlement Agreement with DSE to amicably resolve and dismiss the commercial dispute then pending in the Southern District of New York. Under the Settlement Agreement, DSE agreed to pay the Company an aggregate of million, including (1) a -million payment within business days of the effective date of the Settlement Agreement and (2) a -million payment in the calendar quarter immediately following the calendar quarter in which the EMA renders a decision on the application that was filed with the EMA for a Type II(a) variation for the Company's oral non-statin products marketed as NILEMDO (bempedoic acid) tablets and NUSTENDI (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets in Europe. The legal action pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York has now been dismissed. Refer to Note 3 Collaborations with Third Parties for further information. 
 
 ANDA Litigation 
 
 Starting in March 2024, the Company received notices from pharmaceutical companies, six of which filed exclusively with respect to NEXLETOL and four of which filed with respect to NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET (each, an ANDA Filer ), notifying the Company that each company had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA with the FDA seeking approval of a generic version of NEXLETOL and/or NEXLIZET in the United States, as applicable. The ANDAs each contained Paragraph IV certifications alleging that certain of the Company s Orange Book listed patents covering NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET, as applicable, are invalid and/or will not be infringed by each ANDA Filer s manufacture, use or sale of the medicine for which the ANDA was submitted. 
 
 Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ), the Company had 45 days from receipt of the notice letters to commence patent infringement lawsuits against these generic drug manufacturers in a federal district court to trigger a stay precluding the FDA s approval of any ANDA from being effective any earlier than 7.5 years from the date of approval of the NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET, as applicable, new drug application or entry of judgment holding the patents invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed, whichever occurs first. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Certificates of deposit Total 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Cash equivalents: Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income, net in the statements of operations includes interest income on cash equivalents of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other income, net in the statements of operations includes interest income on cash equivalents and investments of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was accretion of premiums and discounts on investments. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, there was accretion of premiums and discounts on investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, other income, net in the statements of operations includes million of accretion of premiums and discounts on investments. 
 There were unrealized gains or losses on investments reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other income in the statements of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were allowances for credit losses and all unrealized gains (losses) for available-for-sale securities were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had accrued interest receivables. 
 
 7. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Certificates of deposit Total assets at fair value December 31, 2023 Assets: Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total assets at fair value 
 There were transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 8. 
 million at closing, less certain issuance costs. The Company was entitled to receive up to approximately million in subsequent installments subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the RIPA: (i) million upon certain regulatory approval of its product candidates and (ii) million, at the Company s option, upon reaching million trailing worldwide six-month net sales any time prior to December 31, 2021 (the Third Payment ). In March 2020, the Company received million from Oberland upon receiving regulatory approval of NEXLETOL. 
 As consideration for such payments, the Purchasers will have a right to receive certain revenue interests (the Revenue Interests from the Company based upon net sales of the Company s certain products, once approved, which will be tiered payments initially ranging from to of the Company s net sales in the covered territory (the Covered Territory provided that if annual net sales equal or exceed the Sales Threshold and if the Purchasers receive of their invested capital by December 31, 2024, the revenue interest rate will be decreased to a single rate of of the Company s net sales in the Covered Territory beginning on January 1, 2025. If the Third Payment is drawn down by the Company, the applicable royalty rates will increase by one-third. The Covered Territory is the United States, but is subject to expand to include the world-wide net sales if the Company s annual U.S. net sales are less than million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The U.S. net sales milestone thresholds are not to be taken as financial guidance. The Purchasers rights to receive the Revenue Interests shall terminate on the date on which the Purchasers have received Revenue Interests payments of of the then aggregate purchase price (the Cumulative Purchaser Payments paid to the Company, unless the RIPA is terminated earlier. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 world-wide net sales condition to the third installment payment under the RIPA and released the final million payment payable to the Company under the terms of the RIPA. The Company and Oberland also agreed to amend additional terms of the RIPA such that the purchasers will have a right to receive certain revenue interests (the Revenue Interests from the Company based on net sales of the Company s certain products, once approved, which will be tiered payments ranging from to (the Third Payment Applicable Percentage of the Company s net sales in the covered territory (the Covered Territory provided that (a) prior to December 31, 2024, with respect to each country defined in the Daiichi Territory, if the percentage of net sales that Company receives from Daiichi (the Receivables Percentage is less than the Third Payment Applicable Percentage, then the Revenue Interest for such country payable to the purchasers will be equal to the Receivables Percentages, (b) if annual net sales equal or exceed million and if the Purchasers receive of their invested capital (Cumulative Purchaser Payments") by December 31, 2024, the revenue interest rate will be decreased to a single rate of of the Company s net sales in the Covered Territory for all subsequent calendar quarters and (c) if the Purchasers receive Revenue Interest payments less than of Cumulative Purchaser Payments by December 31, 2024, the Third Payment Applicable Percentage will be increased to a single rate of the Company s net sales that would have provided of Cumulative Purchaser Payments had such rate applied from the initial funding by the Purchasers. The Covered Territory was originally the United States, but has been expanded to worldwide for all calendar years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. 
 On May 16, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment to the Security Agreement and Waiver ("Amendment and Waiver") with the same parties to the Security Agreement, by and among the Company, Eiger Partners II LP (the "Purchaser") and Eiger III SA LLC (the "Purchaser Agent"), dated as of June 26, 2019 (the "Security Agreement"). Pursuant to the Amendment and Waiver, if (i) the net revenue from sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and certain other products in the United States (as reported in the Company s financial statements as product sales, net in accordance with GAAP and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, upfront or milestone payments and other collaboration revenue) (the Specified Net Revenue for the calendar quarter ended September 30, 2021 does not exceed million, or (ii) the Specified Net Revenue for any calendar quarter ending after September 30, 2021 does not exceed million, then the Company shall deposit million in a deposit account that is subject to a block account control agreement in favor of the Purchase Agent, no later than the earlier of (x) the date the Specified Net Revenue for such calendar quarter has been determined and (y) 45 days after the last day of such calendar quarter. Since the Specified Net Revenue for the calendar quarter ended September 30, 2021 did not exceed million, the Company deposited million in a deposit account that is subject to a block account control agreement, which is classified as restricted cash on the balance sheets. The Purchaser Agent shall have sole dominion and control over all funds deposited in the deposited account and such funds may be withdrawn therefrom only with the consent of the Purchaser Agent. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Put Option Event, the Purchaser Agent shall have the right to apply amounts held in the deposit account in payment of certain secured obligations in the manner provided for in the Security Agreement. The Amendment and Wavier does not substitute, replace or release the Pledgors from any other obligations under the RIPA or Security Agreement. 
 On November 23, 2022, the Company entered into Waiver and Amendment No. 3 to Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Security Agreement (the RIPA Amendment 3 ), by and among the Company, the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agent, which amends (i) the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company, the Purchasers, and the Purchaser Agent, dated effective as of June 26, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of November 9, 2020 and Amendment No. 2 to Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of April 26, 2021, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the RIPA and (ii) the Security Agreement, by the Company in favor of the Purchaser Agent, dated as of June 28, 2019 (as amended by the Amendment to Security Agreement and Waiver by and among the Company, the Purchaser and the Purchaser Agent, effective as of May 16, 2021, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the Security Agreement ). Pursuant to the RIPA Amendment 3, among other things, (a) the Company agreed to make a one-time partial call payment with regards to the Revenue Interests (as defined in the RIPA) in an amount equal to million from the restricted cash account (the Partial Call ), (b) the amount of the Cumulative Purchaser Payments (as defined in the RIPA) was reduced to , and (c) the Purchasers and Purchaser Agent waived certain claimed defaults, breaches and Put Option Events under the RIPA and other related documents that may have occurred as a result of the Company s opening of a new bank account. 
 On June 27, 2024, the Company repurchased Revenue Interests outstanding under the RIPA and satisfied all other Obligations (as defined in the RIPA) owed to the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agent by paying to the Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a payment in cash of (the Repurchase Consideration ). Following the payment of the Repurchase Consideration, (a) all Revenue Interests were deemed to have been repurchased and all Obligations, debts and liabilities of the Company under the RIPA and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the RIPA) were deemed to have been 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million in the loss on extinguishment of debt line item of the Condensed Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In connection with the termination of the RIPA, as of September 30, 2024, the Company no longer has the liability referred to as the Revenue interest liability on the balance sheet. The Company imputed interest expense associated with the liability using the effective interest rate method through the repurchase date of June 27, 2024. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. The interest rate on the liability varied during the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the level of forecasted net sales. The Company evaluated the interest rate quarterly based on its current net sales forecasts utilizing the prospective method. 
 The Company recorded approximately million in interest expense related to this arrangement for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and approximately million and million, respectively, in interest expense related to this arrangement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest expense recognized Revenue Interests payments ) Repurchase of Revenue Interests 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Total revenue interest liability at September 30, 2024 

9. 
 , a portion of the royalties payable on net sales of Bempedoic Acid (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) and any other Licensed Products (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) in the DSE Territory (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) pursuant to the License and Collaboration Agreement dated January 2, 2019, between Daiichi Sankyo Europe GMBH and the Company, as amended (the License and Collaboration Agreement and such royalties being the Royalty Interests ). In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company incurred million in issuance costs. 
 
 The Purchaser acquired of the Royalty Interests until such time as the Purchaser has received an aggregate amount equal to x of the Purchase Price (equivalent to ). Following receipt of such amount, of all Royalty Interests will revert to the Company. The Purchase Agreement contains other customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations in favor of each party. 
 
 The Company evaluated the arrangement and determined that the proceeds from the sale of future royalties should be treated as a debt instrument according to ASC 470 Debt . The Company imputes interest expense associated with the liability using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the liability to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. The interest rate on the liability may vary during the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the level of forecasted royalty sales. The Company evaluates the interest rate quarterly based on its expectations of forecasted royalty sales from its license partner, historical experience and current market conditions utilizing the prospective method, which updates and changes the timing of the Company's payments. A significant increase or decrease in future royalty sales will materially impact the royalty sale liability and the time period for repayment. The Company currently expects to repay million in the next twelve months. The repayment of the royalty sale liability to the Purchaser does not have a fixed repayment schedule. Rather, it will be completely repaid and extinguished when the Company has repaid an aggregate amount equal to x of the Purchase Price. The million in issuance costs will be amortized through interest expense over the life of the agreement. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million in interest expense related to this arrangement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The effective annual imputed interest rate is as of September 30, 2024. 
 Royalty sale issuance costs 
 ) Royalties recognized and settled to Purchaser ) Interest expense recognized 
 Total royalty sale liability at September 30, 2024 

10. 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated convertible notes due November 2025. The net proceeds the Company received from the offering was approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company (the "Convertible Notes") of million. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering of the notes to pay the cost of the Capped Call (as defined below) and million of the net proceeds from the offering of the initial notes to finance the Prepaid Forward (as defined below). The Convertible Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and mature on November 15, 2025 (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier repurchased or converted into shares of Common Stock under certain circumstances described below. The Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock, can be repurchased for cash, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, at an initial conversion rate of 30.2151 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment. The Company will pay interest on the Convertible Notes semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 The Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that are subordinated in right of payment to indebtedness, obligations and other liabilities under the Company s RIPA, the revenue interests issued pursuant to such agreement, and any refinancing of the foregoing. 
 Holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 15, 2025 in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock is greater than or equal to of the conversion price for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the business days after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock and the conversion rate for the notes on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such notes for redemption, any such notes that have been called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the notes called for redemption; and (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, as provided in the Indenture. On or after August 15, 2025, to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their notes at the applicable conversion rate at any time at the option of the holder regardless of the foregoing conditions. 
 In addition, following certain corporate events or following issuance of a notice of redemption, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its notes in connection with such a corporate event or to convert its notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period, as the case may be. 
 The Convertible Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after November 20, 2023 and before the st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, but only if the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date the Company sends the related redemption notice, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company sends such redemption notice. No sinking fund is provided for the notes. If the Company redeems less than all the outstanding notes, at least million aggregate principal amount of notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the relevant redemption notice date. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders may require the Company to repurchase their notes for cash all or any portion of their notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default. 
 On October 22, 2021, the Company entered into a privately negotiated exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with two co-managed holders (the Holders of its Convertible Notes. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement the Holders agreed to exchange (the Exchange with the Company million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes held in the aggregate by them (and accrued interest thereon) for shares of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued by the Company to the Holders upon consummation of the Exchange was determined based upon the volume-weighted-average-price per share of Common Stock, subject to a floor of per share, during the five trading-day averaging period, commencing on the trading day immediately following the date of the Exchange Agreement. The Exchange closed on November 3, 2021, with shares of Common Stock being exchanged. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the principal amount of convertible notes was million, and the unamortized debt discount and issuance costs were million, for a net carrying amount of million. 
 
 The Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, of interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million, respectively, of interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, relating to the cash interest on the convertible notes due semi-annually and amortization of the debt issuance costs. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, no Convertible Notes were convertible pursuant to their terms. The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was determined through consideration of quoted market prices. As of September 30, 2024, the if-converted value of the Convertible Notes did not exceed the principal value of those notes. 
 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the offering of the Convertible Notes, the Company entered into privately-negotiated capped call transactions with one of the initial purchasers of the convertible notes or its affiliate and certain other financial institutions. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering of the Convertible Notes to pay the cost of the capped call transactions. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to Common Stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market value per share of Common Stock, as measured under the terms of the capped call transactions at the time of exercise, is greater than the strike price of the capped call transactions (which initially corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes, and is subject to certain adjustments), with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap initially equal to approximately (which represents a premium of approximately over the last reported sale price of Common Stock on November 11, 2020), subject to certain adjustments. The capped call transactions are separate transactions, entered into by the Company and are not part of the terms of the Convertible Notes. 
 Given that the transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the convertible note capped call transactions are recorded in stockholders equity, and they are not accounted for as derivatives and are not remeasured each reporting period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had not purchased any shares under the convertible note capped call transactions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the Convertible Notes to fund the Prepaid Forward. The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Prepaid Forward was approximately . The expiration date for the Prepaid Forward is November 15, 2025, although it may be settled earlier in whole or in part. Upon settlement of the Prepaid Forward, at expiration or upon any early settlement, the Forward Counterparty will deliver to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Prepaid Forward or the portion thereof being settled early. The shares purchased under the Prepaid Forward are treated as treasury stock and not outstanding for purposes of the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share, but will remain outstanding for corporate law purposes, including for purposes of any future stockholders votes, until the Forward Counterparty delivers the shares underlying the Prepaid Forward to the Company. As of September 30, 2024, shares had been delivered to the Company. The Company s Prepaid Forward hedge transaction exposes the Company to credit risk to the extent that its counterparty may be unable to meet the terms of the transaction. The Company mitigates this risk by limiting its counterparty to a major financial institution. 
 
 11. 
 Accrued compensation Accrued professional fees Accrued interest on convertible notes Accrued other Total other accrued liabilities 
 
 12. 
 , with any shares underlying awards that are forfeited, canceled, held back upon exercise of an option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance or shares, or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the 2022 Plan may be added back to the shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for the award of stock options (both incentive and non-qualified options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), unrestricted stock, cash-based awards, and dividend equivalent rights. Following the approval of the 2022 Plan, no further awards will be issued under the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ). In June 2023, the Company's stockholders approved a first amendment to the 2022 Plan, which increased the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for awards under the 2022 Plan to . In May 2024, the Company's stockholders approved a second amendment to the 2022 Plan, which increased the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for awards under the 2022 Plan to . 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In April 2020, the Company's board of directors approved the Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended, the "ESPP"), which was approved by the Company's stockholders on May 28, 2020 and was subsequently amended by a first amendment to the ESPP adopted by the Company s board of directors on July 31, 2020. The ESPP allows eligible employees to authorize payroll deductions of up to of their base salary or wages up to annually to be applied toward the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the last trading day of the offering period. Participating employees will purchase shares of Common Stock at a discount of up to on the lesser of the closing price of Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Market (i) on the first trading day of the offering period or (ii) the last day of any offering period. Offering periods under the ESPP will generally be in increments, commencing on September 1 and March 1 of each calendar year with the administrator having the right to establish different offering periods. During the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized less than million of stock compensation expense related to the ESPP. During the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized approximately 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of stock compensation expense related to the ESPP. In May 2024, the Company's stockholders approved a second amendment to the ESPP, which increased the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the ESPP by an additional shares. As of September 30, 2024, there have been shares issued and shares reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. The Company paused the ESPP effective as of September 1, 2023, such that the offering periods which would otherwise have begun on September 1, 2023 and March 1, 2024 did not commence. The Company resumed the ESPP effective as of September 1, 2024, such that the offering period commenced on September 1, 2024. 
 
 2017 Inducement Equity Plan 
 In May 2017, the Company's board of directors approved the Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Inducement Equity Plan (as amended in November 2019 and August 2023, the "2017 Plan"). The number of shares of Common Stock available for awards under the 2017 Plan is , with any shares of Common Stock that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon the exercise or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Common Stock, or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the 2017 Plan added back to the shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan provides for the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), unrestricted stock awards and dividend equivalent rights. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Forfeited or expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock-based compensation related to stock options was million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including less than million and million, respectively, that was capitalized into inventory, and million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, including million and million, respectively, that was capitalized into inventory. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested options, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited or expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 There was stock-based compensation related to PBSOs for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Stock-based compensation related to PBSOs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. Stock-based compensation related to PBSOs was and million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PBSOs. 
 Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding and unvested September 30, 2024 
 Stock-based compensation related to RSUs was approximately million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including less than million and million, respectively, that was capitalized into inventory, and approximately million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, including million and million, respectively, that was capitalized into inventory. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding and unvested September 30, 2024 
 There was no stock-based compensation related to PBRSUs for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Stock-based compensation related to the PBRSUs was million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including less than million that was capitalized into inventory. Stock-based compensation related to PBRSUs was million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, including less than million and less than million, respectively, that was capitalized into inventory. As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PBRSUs. 
 
 13. 
 provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, because the Company has incurred annual operating losses since inception. At September 30, 2024, the Company continues to conclude that it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets due to its history of losses. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been applied against the net deferred tax assets. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 
 shares of Common Stock of the Company, at a purchase price to the public of per share. The Underwriters were also granted a -day option to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock, at the public offering price. On January 19, 2024, Jefferies gave notice to the Company of its election to exercise the option to purchase additional shares, in full. Giving effect to the exercise of Underwriters' option, the January 2024 Offering closed on January 23, 2024, with proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses of million. 
 ATM Offering 
 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by the Company of up to million of shares of Common Stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings (the "2023 ATM Program"), pursuant to its existing Form S-3 and the prospectus supplement filed on February 21, 2023. The Company may continue to use the 2023 ATM Program to address potential short-term or long-term funding requirements that may arise. Such program will continue to be subject to the volatility of the price of Common Stock and general market conditions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after deducting approximately million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent and other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did issue shares pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after deducting million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In connection with an underwriting agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC ("Wainwright") on December 2, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of and an expiration date of December 7, 2023. The warrants were recorded at fair value of million to additional-paid-in-capital in accordance with ASC 815-10 based upon the allocation of the proceeds between the common shares issued with the December 2021 Offering and the warrants. On December 7, 2023, of these warrants expired. The remaining warrants were amended as described below. 
 
 Registered Direct Offering and Warrant Amendment 
 
 On March 19, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a Registered Direct Offering, shares of Common Stock, Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock in lieu of shares of Common Stock, and Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The combined purchase price of each share of Common Stock and accompanying Warrant is per share. The Warrants expire on September 22, 2026 and have an exercise price of . The purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is (equal to the combined purchase price per share of Common Stock and accompanying Warrant, minus ). The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification rights and obligations of the Company and the Purchasers. The Registered Direct Offering closed on March 22, 2023. The warrants and pre-funded warrants were recorded at fair value of million to additional-paid-in-capital in accordance with ASC 815-10 based upon the allocation of the proceeds between the common shares issued with the Registered Direct Offering and the warrants and pre-funded warrants. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which is based, in part, upon subjective assumptions including but not limited to stock price volatility, the expected life of the warrant, the risk-free interest rate and the fair value of Common Stock underlying the warrant. The Company estimates the volatility based on its historical volatility that is in line with the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury daily rate for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected remaining life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to its remaining contractual term. The Company estimated the fair value of the pre-funded warrants based on the market price of Common Stock at issuance. 
 
 In connection with the Registered Direct Offering, the Company amended, pursuant to Warrant Amendment Agreements, certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock that were previously issued in December 2021 at an exercise price of per share and had an expiration date of December 7, 2023, effective upon the 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 per share and expire three and one half years following the closing of the Registered Direct Offering, or September 22, 2026, for additional consideration of per amended warrant. Based on the change in the fair value of the amended warrants, the Company recorded issuance costs to additional paid-in capital of million. 
 
 The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million from the Registered Direct Offering, before deducting placement agent fees and related offering expenses. The net proceeds to the Company from the Registered Direct Offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and expenses and the Company s estimated offering expenses of million, were approximately million. In addition, the Company received approximately million as the gross consideration in connection with the Warrant Amendment Agreements. The net proceeds of the Warrant Amendment Agreements after deducting placement fees of million were approximately million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, pre-funded warrants were outstanding. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and shares of pre-funded warrants were exercised. 
 
 Warrants outstanding from Purchase Agreement, expiring September 22, 2026 Total warrants outstanding 

15. 
 
 Common shares under PBSOs Unvested RSUs Unvested PBRSUs Shares issuable related to the ESPP Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible notes Warrants Total potential dilutive shares 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and other filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). These forward-looking statements are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events, including our marketing strategy, clinical development and commercialization plans, or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, including in relation to the clinical development, commercialization plans, timing, designs and plans for the CLEAR Outcomes study and its results, plans for potential future product candidates and expectations regarding future transactions to further improve our balance sheet to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements, including in relation to the clinical development, commercialization plans, net sales profitability, growth of our commercial products, clinical activities, commercial development plans, the outcomes and anticipated benefits of legal proceedings and settlements, expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other similar terminology. These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and that could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those referred to or discussed in or incorporated by reference into the section titled Risk Factors included in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, we use the terms "Esperion," we, us, our, or the "Company in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to refer to Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Overview 
 Corporate Overview 
 We are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company currently focused on bringing new medicines to patients that address unmet medical needs. We have developed and are commercializing U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, approved oral, once-daily, non-statin medicines for patients who are at risk for cardiovascular disease and are struggling with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or LDL-C. Through commercial execution, international partnerships and collaborations, and advancement of our pre-clinical pipeline, we continue to evolve into a leading global biopharmaceutical company. 
 
 Our lead products NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablets and NEXLIZET (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets are oral, once-daily, non-statin medicines indicated to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction and coronary revascularization in adults who are unable to take recommended statin therapy (including those not taking a statin) with established cardiovascular disease, or CVD, or at high risk for a CVD event but without established CVD, and to reduce LDL-C in adults with primary hyperlipidemia. Our products were approved by the FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and Swiss Agency for Therapeutic Products, or Swissmedic in 2020. The FDA approved expanded indications for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET tablets in March 2024. The EMA approved expanded indications for NILEMDO (bempedoic acid) tablets and NUSTENDI (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets in May 2024. In addition, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or Otsuka, our Japanese collaborator, announced that the primary endpoint of LDL-C reduction from baseline at Week 12 was achieved with statistical 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 significance in the Phase 3 clinical trial in Japan for bempedoic acid as a treatment for hypercholesterolemia. Otsuka plans to file a New Drug Application, or NDA, in Japan by the end of 2024, with expected approval and National Health Insurance, or NHI, pricing in 2025. We plan to file supplemental New Drug Applications for product approvals in Canada in the fourth quarter of 2024 and in Australia and Israel in the first half of 2025. 
 
 We completed a global cardiovascular outcomes trial, or CVOT, known as C holesterol L owering via B E mpedoic Acid, an A CL-inhibiting R egimen (CLEAR) Outcomes. The trial was designed to evaluate whether treatment with bempedoic acid reduced the risk of cardiovascular events in adult patients who are statin averse and who have CVD or are at high risk for CVD. We initiated the CLEAR Outcomes CVOT in December 2016 and fully enrolled the study with nearly 14,000 patients in August 2019. The primary endpoint of the study was the effect of bempedoic acid on four types of major adverse cardiovascular events, or MACE, (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, or coronary revascularization; also referred to as "four-component MACE"). CLEAR Outcomes was an event-driven trial and concluded once the predetermined number of MACE endpoints occurred. The study showed that bempedoic acid demonstrated significant cardiovascular risk reductions and significantly reduced the risk of heart attack and coronary revascularization as compared to placebo. These results were seen in a broad population of primary and secondary prevention patients who are unable to maximize or tolerate a statin. The proportions of patients experiencing adverse events and serious adverse events were similar between the active and placebo treatment groups. Bempedoic acid, contained in NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablets and NEXLIZET (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets, became the first LDL-C lowering therapy since statins to demonstrate the ability to lower hard ischemic events, not only in those with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, or ASCVD, but also in the large number of primary prevention patients for whom limited therapies exist. 
 
 On March 22, 2024, we announced that the FDA approved new label expansions for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET based on positive CLEAR Outcomes data that include indications for cardiovascular risk reduction and expanded LDL-C lowering in both primary and secondary prevention patients. In addition, the enhanced labels support the use of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET either alone or in combination with statins. They also include new indications for primary hyperlipidemia, alone or in combination with a statin, and are now the only LDL-C lowering non-statin drugs indicated for primary prevention patients. 
 
 On May 22, 2024, we announced that the European Commission, or EC, approved the label update of both NILEMDO and NUSTENDI as treatments for hypercholesterolemia and to reduce the risk of adverse cardiovascular events. The EC s decisions to update the labels of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe fixed dose combination are based on the positive CLEAR Outcomes trial results and makes them the first and only LDL-C lowering treatments indicated for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. NILEMDO and NUSTENDI are approved to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with or at high risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 
 
 On June 27, 2024, we entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement, or the Purchase Agreement, with OCM IP Healthcare Portfolio LP, a limited partnership formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, or the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we sold to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser purchased for 304,656,180, a portion of the royalties payable on net sales of Bempedoic Acid (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) and any other Licensed Products (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) in the DSE Territory (as defined in the License and Collaboration Agreement) pursuant to the License and Collaboration Agreement dated January 2, 2019, between Daiichi Sankyo Europe GMBH, or DSE, and the Company, as amended, or the License and Collaboration Agreement and such royalties being the Royalty Interests). 
 
 The Purchaser acquired 100 of the Royalty Interests until such time as the Purchaser has received an aggregate amount equal to 1.700x of the Purchase Price (equivalent to 517,915,506). Following receipt of such amount, 100 of all Royalty Interests will revert to us. The Purchase Agreement contains other customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations in favor of each party. 
 
 On June 27, 2024, we repurchased Revenue Interests outstanding under the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement, or the RIPA, dated effective as of June 26, 2019, as amended, by and among the Company, the purchasers party thereto, or the Purchasers, and Eiger III SA LLC, or Oberland, as the collateral agent and administrative agent, or the Purchaser Agent, and satisfied all other Obligations (as defined in the RIPA) owed to the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agent by paying to the Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a payment in cash of 343,750,000, or the Repurchase Consideration. Following the payment of the Repurchase Consideration, (a) all Revenue Interests were deemed to have been repurchased and all Obligations, debts and liabilities of the Company under the RIPA and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the RIPA) were deemed to have been paid and satisfied in full, and automatically released, discharged and terminated, and the RIPA and all other Transaction Documents automatically terminated, and all liens, security interests and pledges in favor of, granted to or held by the Purchaser Agent to secure the Obligations under the Transaction Documents were automatically terminated and released. 
 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in January 2008, and commenced our operations in April 2008. Since our inception, we have focused substantially all of our efforts and financial resources on developing and commercializing bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe tablet. In February 2020, the FDA approved NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. NEXLETOL was 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 commercially available in the U.S. on March 30, 2020 and NEXLIZET was commercially available in the U.S. on June 4, 2020. While we began to generate revenue from the sale of our products in 2020, we have funded our operations to date primarily through proceeds from sales of preferred stock, convertible promissory notes and warrants, public offerings of common stock and warrants, the incurrence of indebtedness, through collaborations with third parties and revenue and royalty interest purchase agreements. We have incurred losses in each year since our inception. 
 We have never been profitable. Our net losses were 29.5 million and 30.4 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our net losses were 41.3 million and 152.9 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Substantially all of our net losses resulted from costs incurred in connection with research and development programs and selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future in connection with our ongoing activities, including, among others: 
 
 commercializing NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET in the U.S.; and 
 pursuing other research and development activities. 
 Accordingly, we may need additional financing to support our continuing operations and further the development and commercialization of our products. We may seek to fund our operations and further development activities through collaborations with third parties, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, debt financings, royalty-based financings, public or private equity offerings or through other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy or continue operations. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 
 Product Overview 
 NEXLETOL is a first-in-class ATP Citrate Lyase, or ACL, inhibitor that lowers LDL-C and cardiovascular risk by reducing cholesterol biosynthesis and up-regulating the LDL receptors. Completed Phase 3 studies whose primary endpoint was LDL-C lowering were conducted in more than 3,000 patients, with over 2,000 patients treated with NEXLETOL, and demonstrated an average 18 placebo corrected LDL-C lowering when used in patients on moderate or high-intensity statins. The completed Phase 3 CLEAR Outcomes trial in patients unwilling or unable to take statins and who had, or were at high risk for, cardiovascular disease demonstrated an average 21.1 placebo corrected LDL-C lowering, and a resulting 13 lower risk of major cardiovascular events versus placebo. NEXLETOL was approved by the FDA in February 2020 and received an expanded cardiovascular risk reduction indication from the FDA in March 2024. 
 
 NEXLIZET contains bempedoic acid and ezetimibe and lowers elevated LDL-C and cardiovascular risk through complementary mechanisms of action by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis in the liver and absorption in the intestine. Phase 3 data demonstrated NEXLIZET lowered LDL-C by a mean of 38 compared to placebo when added on to maximally tolerated statins. NEXLIZET was approved by the FDA in February 2020 and received an expanded cardiovascular risk reduction indication from the FDA in March 2024. 
 
 NILEMDO is a first-in-class ACL inhibitor that lowers LDL-C and cardiovascular risk by reducing cholesterol biosynthesis and up-regulating the LDL receptors. NILEMDO was approved by the European Commission, or EC, in March 2020 for use in adults with primary hypercholesterolemia (heterozygous familial and non-familial) or mixed dyslipidemia, as an adjunct to diet in combination with a statin or statin with other lipid-lowering therapies in adult patients unable to reach LDL-C goals with the maximum tolerated dose of a statin, or alone or in combination with other lipid-lowering therapies as an adjunct to diet in adult patients who are statin-intolerant, or for whom a statin is contraindicated. In May 2024, the EC approved an expanded indication for NILEMDO to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with or at high risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 
 
 NUSTENDI contains bempedoic acid and ezetimibe and lowers elevated LDL-C through complementary mechanisms of action by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis in the liver and absorption in the intestine. NUSTENDI was approved by the EC in March 2020 for use in adults with primary hypercholesterolemia (heterozygous familial and non-familial) or mixed dyslipidemia, as an adjunct to diet in combination with a statin in adult patients unable to reach LDL-C goals with the maximum tolerated dose of a statin in addition to ezetimibe, alone in patients who are either statin-intolerant or for whom a statin is contraindicated, and are unable to reach LDL-C goals with ezetimibe alone, or as an adjunct to diet in adult patients already being treated with the combination of bempedoic acid and ezetimibe as separate tablets with or without statin. In May 2024, the EC approved an expanded indication for NUSTENDI to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with or at high risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 5.6 million in expenses related to ongoing clinical studies. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 39.4 million in expenses related to our CLEAR Outcomes CVOT and other ongoing clinical studies. 
 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Product sales, net 
 Product sales, net is related to our sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. NEXLETOL was commercially available in the U.S. on March 30, 2020 and NEXLIZET was commercially available in the U.S. on June 4, 2020. 
 Collaboration revenue 
 Collaboration revenue is related to our collaboration agreements with DSE, Otsuka, and Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd, or DS. Collaboration revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to the Settlement Agreement with DSE and sales of bulk tablets under supply agreements and royalty revenue received from collaboration partners. Collaboration revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily related to sales of bulk tablets under supply agreements and royalty revenue received from collaboration partners. Under contracted supply agreements with ex-U.S. collaborators, we may manufacture and supply quantities of active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, or bulk tablets reasonably required by ex-U.S. collaboration partners for the development or sale of licensed products in their respective territory. We recognize revenue when the collaboration partner has obtained control of the API or bulk tablets. We also receive royalties from the commercialization of such products, and record our share of the variable consideration, representing a percentage of net product sales, as collaboration revenue in the period in which such underlying sales occur and costs are incurred by the collaborators. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold is related to our net product sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and the cost of goods sold from our supply agreements with collaboration partners. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the development of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, which include: 
 expenses incurred under agreements with consultants, contract research organizations, or CROs, and investigative sites that conduct our preclinical and clinical studies; 
 the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical study materials and commercial product manufacturing supply prior to product approval, including the procurement of ezetimibe in our continued development of our bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet; 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and travel expenses; 
 allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies; and 
 costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. To date, substantially all of our research and development work has been related to bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical studies, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided to us by our vendors. Our direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to investigators, consultants, central laboratories and CROs in connection with our clinical studies. We do not allocate acquiring and manufacturing clinical study materials, salaries, stock-based compensation, employee benefits or other indirect costs related to our research and development function to specific programs. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We will continue to incur research and development expenses as they relate to other development programs or additional indications we choose to pursue such as the development of our next generation ACLY inhibitors. We expect research and development expenses to decrease substantially in 2024 after the completion of the CLEAR Outcomes CVOT and submitting regulatory filings to the FDA and EMA in 2023. We cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs associated with the ongoing or future clinical studies of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. The duration, costs and timing associated with the development of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet will depend on a variety of factors, including uncertainties associated with the results of our clinical studies and our ability to obtain regulatory approval outside the U.S. and Europe. For example, if a regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical studies beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development or post-commercialization clinical studies of bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development or post-commercialization clinical studies of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation, associated with our sales, executive, accounting and finance, commercial, operational and other administrative functions. Other general and administrative expenses include selling expenses, facility-related costs, communication expenses and professional fees for legal, patent prosecution, protection and review, consulting and accounting services. 
 We expect our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in 2024 in connection with our expanded product indications in the U.S., expanded commercialization initiatives for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and increases in our associated headcount to expand our sales team. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense is related to our Royalty Purchase Agreement with OCM IP Healthcare Portfolio LP, or OMERS, entered into on June 27, 2024, Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement, or RIPA, with Oberland, an affiliate of Oberland Capital, and our convertible notes. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt is related to the loss recognized from the termination of our RIPA with Oberland. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net, primarily relates to interest income and the accretion or amortization of premiums and discounts earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities and also includes other income related to the sale of leased vehicles. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, including those related to our collaboration agreements, revenue interest liability and royalty sale liability. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into a royalty sale agreement for the future royalties from our collaboration agreement with DSE for up to 1.7x the purchase price, or 518 million. The royalty sale liability related to the agreement is presented net of deferred issuance costs on the balance sheets. We impute interest expense associated with this liability using the effective interest rate method which is presented as interest expense on the statements of operations. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the liability to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement. The interest rate on the 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 liability may vary during the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the level of forecasted royalty sales. This estimate is complex and highly judgmental as it is based on our future royalty projections and expectations about future economic and market conditions. We evaluate the interest rate quarterly based on our forecasted royalty sales from our license partner, historical experience and current market conditions utilizing the prospective method. A significant increase or decrease in royalties will materially impact the royalty sale liability, interest expense and the time period for repayment. Issuance costs in connection with the royalty sale agreement are amortized to interest expense over the estimated term of the agreement. 
 
 There have been no other material changes to the significant accounting policies previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (unaudited, in thousands) Revenue: Product sales, net 31,106 20,251 10,855 Collaboration revenue 20,526 13,718 6,808 Operating Expenses: Cost of goods sold 17,286 13,377 3,909 Research and development 10,397 14,885 (4,488) Selling, general and administrative 39,975 33,240 6,735 Loss from operations 
 (16,026) (27,533) 11,507 Interest expense (15,082) (14,995) (87) Other income, net 1,584 1,278 306 Net loss 
 (29,524) (41,250) 11,726 
 
 Product sales, net 
 Product sales, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 31.1 million compared to 20.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 10.8 million. The increase is primarily due to prescription growth volumes of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Collaboration revenue 
 Collaboration revenue recognized from our collaboration agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.5 million compared to 13.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 6.8 million. The increase is primarily due to increased royalty sales growth within our partner territories and product sales to our collaboration partners from our supply agreements. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.3 million compared to 13.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 3.9 million. The increase is primarily related to increased product sales to our collaboration partners from our supply agreements. 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were 10.4 million, compared to 14.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 4.5 million. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in costs related to CLEAR Outcomes study following the announcement and presentation of our CLEAR Outcomes study results. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were 40.0 million, compared to 33.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 6.8 million. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased commercial headcount, bonuses, and promotional costs associated with the launch of the expanded labels for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 15.1 million, compared to 15.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.1 million. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was related to our royalty sale liability and convertible notes. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was related to our revenue interest liability and convertible notes. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 1.6 million, compared to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.3 million. The increase in other income, net was primarily due to higher interest income on our investments due to higher cash equivalents. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (unaudited, in thousands) Revenue: Product sales, net 84,164 57,575 26,589 Collaboration revenue 179,037 26,509 152,528 Operating Expenses: Cost of goods sold 42,970 31,815 11,155 Research and development 35,261 68,365 (33,104) Selling, general and administrative 126,148 97,100 29,048 Income (loss) from operations 
 58,822 (113,196) 172,018 Interest expense (42,829) (43,919) 1,090 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (53,235) (53,235) Other income, net 6,815 4,211 2,604 Net loss 
 (30,427) (152,904) 122,477 
 
 Product sales, net 
 Product sales, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 84.2 million compared to 57.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 26.6 million. The increase is primarily due to prescription growth volumes of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 Collaboration revenue 
 Collaboration revenue recognized from our collaboration agreements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 179.0 million compared to 26.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 152.5 million. The increase is primarily due to revenue recognized from our Settlement Agreement with DSE in the first half of 2024 and increased product sales to our collaboration partners from our supply agreements and royalty sales growth within our partner territories. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 43.0 million compared to 31.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 11.2 million. The increase is primarily related to increased product sales to our collaboration partners from our supply agreements. 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 35.3 million, compared to 68.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 33.1 million. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in costs related to CLEAR Outcomes study following the announcement and presentation of our CLEAR Outcomes study results in 2023. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 126.1 million, compared to 97.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 29.0 million. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased commercial headcount, bonuses, and promotional costs associated with the launch of the expanded labels for NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 42.8 million, compared to 43.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 1.1 million. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was related to our revenue interest liability, which we repurchased on June 27, 2024, our royalty sale liability, entered into on June 27, 2024, and our convertible notes. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was related to our revenue interest liability and convertible notes. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 53.2 million, with no such loss recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The loss on extinguishment of debt was due to the repurchase of the Revenue Interests under our RIPA with Oberland in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 6.8 million, compared to 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2.6 million. The increase in other income, net was primarily due to higher interest income on our investments due to higher cash equivalents. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 While we began to generate revenue from the sales of our products in 2020, we have funded our operations to date primarily through proceeds from sales of preferred stock, convertible promissory notes and warrants, public offerings of common stock and warrants, the incurrence of indebtedness, milestone payments from collaboration agreements, sale of future royalties and our revenue interest purchase agreement. Pursuant to the license and collaboration agreements with DSE, DS, and Otsuka, we are eligible for substantial additional sales and regulatory milestone payments and royalties. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by us of up to 70.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings, or the 2023 ATM Program, pursuant to our existing Form S-3 and the prospectus supplement filed on February 21, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we issued 3,312,908 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 4.4 million after deducting 0.4 million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent and other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 378,902 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 0.5 million after deducting approximately 0.2 million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent and other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 On March 19, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, or Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, or the Registered Direct Offering, 12,205,000 shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 20,965,747 shares of our common stock, and warrants to purchase up to 33,170,747 shares of our common stock. The combined purchase price of each share of common stock and accompanying warrant was 1.675 per share. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and the accompanying warrant was 1.674 (equal to the combined purchase price per share of common stock and accompanying warrant, minus 0.001). In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement, we amended certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 9,024,212 shares of our common stock that were previously issued in December 2021 at an exercise price of 9.00 per share and had an expiration date of December 7, 2023, such that the amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of 1.55 per share and expire three and one half years following the closing of the Registered Direct Offering, for additional consideration of 0.125 per amended warrant. We received net proceeds of approximately 51.3 million related to the Registered Direct Offering and approximately 1.1 million in connection with the amended warrants. 
 
 On January 2, 2024, we entered into the Settlement Agreement with DSE to amicably resolve and dismiss the commercial dispute then pending in the Southern District of New York. Under the Settlement Agreement, DSE agreed to pay us an aggregate of 125.0 million, including (1) a 100.0-million payment within 15 business days of the effective date of the Settlement Agreement, which we received in January 2024, and (2) a 25.0-million payment in the calendar quarter immediately following the calendar quarter in which the EMA renders a decision on the application that was filed with the EMA for a Type II(a) variation for our oral non-statin products marketed as NILEMDO (bempedoic acid) tablets and NUSTENDI (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablets in Europe, which we received in June 2024. The legal action pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York has now been dismissed. 
 
 On January 18, 2024, we entered into the Underwriting Agreement with Jefferies, as representative of the Underwriters, related to the January 2024 Offering of 56,700,000 shares of our common stock, at a purchase price to the public of 1.50 per share. The Underwriters were also granted a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 8,505,000 shares of our common stock, at the public offering price. On January 19, 2024, Jefferies gave us notice of its election to exercise the option to purchase additional shares, in full. Giving effect to the exercise of Underwriters' option, the January Offering closed on January 23, 2024, with proceeds to the Company of approximately 90.7 million, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses of 7.1 million. 
 We anticipate that we will incur operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to incur substantial expenses related to the ongoing commercialization of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and expenses associated with our research and development activities. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents, expected future net product sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET, and expected future revenue under our collaboration agreements is sufficient to fund continuing operations for the foreseeable future. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our primary sources of liquidity were our cash and cash equivalents which totaled 144.7 million. We invest our cash equivalents and investments in highly liquid, interest-bearing investment-grade securities and government securities to preserve principal. 
 The following table summarizes the primary sources and uses of cash for the periods presented below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 11,298 (98,431) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (317) 42,500 Net cash provided by financing activities 51,488 45,989 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 62,469 (9,942) 
 Operating Activities 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur, significant costs related to the commercialization of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and related to ongoing research and development, regulatory and other clinical study costs associated with the development of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 98.4 million of cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities of 11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of net product sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and collaboration revenue from the Settlement Agreement with DSE partially offset by cash used 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 to fund the commercialization activities of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and the research and development costs related to bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, adjusted for non-cash items such as the loss on extinguishment of debt associated with our revenue interest purchase agreement, royalty revenue from DSE paid or to be paid to OCM IP Healthcare Portfolio LP, or OMERS, stock-based compensation expense, interest expense related to our RIPA with Oberland and royalty sale agreement, depreciation and amortization and changes in working capital. Net cash used in operating activities of 98.4 million in for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of net product sales of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET fully offset by cash used to fund the commercialization activities of NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET and the research and development costs related to bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, adjusted for non-cash expenses such as stock-based compensation expense, interest expense related to our RIPA with Oberland, depreciation and amortization and changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of purchases of property, plant and equipment. Net cash provided by investing activities of 42.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of proceeds from the sales of highly liquid, interest bearing investment grade and government securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 51.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related primarily to our January 2024 Offering, royalty sale agreement and warrant exercises, offset partially by the cash outlays resulting in the extinguishment of our revenue interest liability. Net cash provided by financing activities of 46.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to proceeds from our registered direct offering and net proceeds from our 2023 ATM Program, partially offset by payments on our revenue interest liability. 
 As noted above, we received approximately 90.7 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses, from our January 2024 Offering. Refer to Note 14 Stockholders Deficit Underwriting Agreement in our condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 On June 27, 2024, we entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with OMERS. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we sold a portion of the royalties payable on net sales of Bempedoic Acid from our collaboration partner DSE. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we received 304.7 million, less issuance costs. Refer to Note 9 "Sale of Future Royalties" in our condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 for further information. 
 On June 27, 2024, we repurchased the Revenue Interests outstanding under the RIPA for 343.8 million and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt in the statement of operations. Following the repurchase in June 2024, we no longer owe payments under the RIPA. Refer to Note 8 "Liability Related to the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement" in our condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 
 On November 16, 2020, we issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00 convertible senior subordinated notes due 2025 to certain financial institutions as the initial purchasers of the convertible notes. An additional 30.0 million of additional convertible notes (collectively, the "Convertible Notes"), which were issued pursuant to the exercise of the initial purchasers' option to purchase such convertible notes, closed on November 18, 2020. On October 22, 2021, we entered into the Exchange Agreement with the Holders of our Convertible Notes. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement the Holders agreed to exchange with us 15.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes held in the aggregate by them (and accrued interest thereon) for shares of Common Stock, which closed on November 3, 2021. Future payments under the convertible notes include annual interest of 10.6 million and a principal payment of 265.0 million in 2025. Refer to Note 10 "Convertible Notes" in our condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by us of up to 70.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings, or the 2023 ATM Program, pursuant to our existing Form S-3 and the prospectus supplement filed on February 21, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we issued 3,312,908 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 4.4 million after deducting 0.4 million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent and other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 378,902 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 0.5 million after deducting approximately 0.2 million of commissions and expense reimbursement payable to sales agent and other expenses, pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. We may continue to use the 2023 ATM Program to address potential short-term 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 or long-term funding requirements that may arise. Such program will continue to be subject to the volatility of the price of our common stock and general market conditions. 
 
 On March 22, 2023, we issued and sold, in a registered direct offering, or the Registered Direct Offering, 12,205,000 shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 20,965,747 shares of our common stock, and warrants to purchase up to 33,170,747 shares of our common stock. The combined purchase price of each share of common stock and accompanying warrant was 1.675 per share. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and the accompanying warrant was 1.674 (equal to the combined purchase price per share of common stock and accompanying warrant, minus 0.001). In connection with the Registered Direct Offering, we amended certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 9,024,212 shares of our common stock that were previously issued in December 2021 at an exercise price of 9.00 per share and had an expiration date of December 7, 2023, such that the amended warrants have a reduced exercise price of 1.55 per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable and will expire on September 22, 2026, which may provide us with additional funding, if such warrants are exercised by their holders. Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for one share of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.001 per share. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable and could be exercised at any time. As of September 30, 2024, no pre-funded warrants were outstanding as all were exercised during the year ended 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received net proceeds of approximately 8.4 million from the exercise of warrants and pre-funded warrants. We received net proceeds of approximately 51.3 million related to the Registered Direct Offering after deducting placement agent fees and related offering expenses of 4.2 million, and we received approximately 1.1 million in connection with the amended warrants after deducting placement fees of 0.1 million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received net proceeds of approximately 14.8 million from the exercise of warrants in connection with the Registered Direct Offering. 
 
 Plan of Operations and Funding Requirements 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future in connection with our continued commercialization activities associated with NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET in the U.S. Pursuant to the license and collaboration agreements with DSE, Otsuka, and DS, we are eligible for substantial additional sales and regulatory milestone payments and royalties. We estimate that current cash resources, proceeds to be received in the future for product sales and proceeds under the collaboration agreements with DSE, DS and Otsuka are sufficient to fund operations for the foreseeable future. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and ongoing commercialization of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet and the extent to which we entered and may enter into collaborations with pharmaceutical partners regarding the development and commercialization of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the development and commercialization of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 our ability to successfully develop and commercialize NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET or other product candidates; 
 the service and payment of potential debt maturities; 
 our ability to establish any future collaboration or commercialization arrangements on favorable terms, if at all; 
 our ability to realize the intended benefits of our existing and future collaboration and partnerships, including receiving potential milestone payments from collaboration partners; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; and 
 the implementation of operational and financial information technology. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial U.S. product revenues and collaboration royalties, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of collaborations with third parties, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, debt financings, royalty-based financings and equity offerings or other sources. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with pharmaceutical partners or royalty-based financing arrangements, such as the collaboration arrangement with DSE, Otsuka and DS, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we raise funds by selling additional equity, such sale would result in dilution to our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements or royalty-based financing arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 
 We do not currently have, nor did we have during the periods presented, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by the SEC rules. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes with respect to the information appearing in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found under Commitments and Contingencies in Note 5 to our condensed financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. 
 In the future, we may become party to legal matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, the resolution of which we do not anticipate would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Except for the historical information contained herein or incorporated by reference, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the information incorporated by reference contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include projections about our accounting and finances, plans and objectives for the future, future operating and economic performance and other statements regarding future performance. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 2 entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in any documents incorporated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q by reference. 
 
 You should consider carefully the following risk factors, together with those set forth in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in all of the other information included or incorporated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following risk factors represent new risk factors or those containing changes, including material changes, to the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. If any of the previously identified or following risks, either alone or taken together, or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to not be significant, develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock could decline, and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology or maintain issued patents which are sufficient to protect bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, others could compete against us more directly, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on our success obtaining and maintaining issued patents and other intellectual property rights in the United States and elsewhere and protecting our proprietary technology. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our patent estate, including patents we own, on a worldwide basis, included approximately 11 issued United States patents and 10 pending United States patent applications and over 30 issued patents and over 80 pending patent applications in other foreign jurisdictions. Of our worldwide patent estate, only a subset of our patents and pending patent applications relates to our bempedoic acid program. 
 
 Bempedoic acid is claimed in U.S. Patent No. 7,335,799 that is scheduled to expire in December 2030, which includes 711 days of patent term adjustment, and five years of patent term extension. We have one granted European patent that has been validated in numerous European countries including France, Germany, United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. We obtained five year patent term extensions via supplementary protection certificates for 24 national patents validated from the granted European patent, which extends our patent protection in those countries until 2028. Additionally, we have one patent family that includes U.S. Patent Nos. 11,407,705 and 11,987,548, directed to methods of manufacturing high purity bempedoic acid, one pending U.S. patent application directed to the same, U.S. Patent No. 11,613,511 directed to compositions of matter of high purity bempedoic acid, one pending U.S. patent application directed to the same, U.S. Patent No. 11,760,714 directed to pharmaceutical formulations containing the same, and U.S. Patent No. 11,926,584 directed to methods of lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) using the same and one pending U.S. patent application directed to methods of treatment using the same, and one granted patent and 18 pending patent applications outside of the United States. U.S. Patent Nos. 11,407,705, 11,613,511, 11,760,714, 11,926,584, and 11,987,548 and the other patent family members, if issued, are scheduled to expire in June 2040. 
 
 In addition, we have three patent families in which we are pursuing patent protection for our bempedoic acid and bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet in combination with one or more statins. Methods of treating patients with 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 familial hypercholesterolemia using the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination are claimed in U.S. Patent Nos. 10,912,751 and 11,744,816 that are scheduled to expire in March 2036. We also have one pending U.S. patent application, and nine issued patents and 11 pending applications outside the U.S. with claims directed to methods of treatment using the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination. Additionally, we have one pending U.S. patent application, and 9 issued patents and 24 pending applications outside the U.S. directed to the manufacturing of our bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. We also have one issued U.S. patent, i.e., U.S. Patent No. 11,116,739, one pending U.S. patent application, and 11 issued patents and 13 pending applications outside the U.S., with claims directed to combinations of bempedoic acid and one or more statins and/or methods of using said combinations. U.S. Patent No. 11,116,739 is scheduled to expire in March 2036. 
 
 We may not have identified all patents, published applications or published literature that affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our products and drug candidates, by preventing the patentability of one or more aspects of our products and drug candidates to us or our licensors or co-owners, or by covering the same or similar technologies that may affect our ability to market our products and drug candidates. For example, we (or the licensor of a drug candidate to us) may not have conducted a patent clearance search to identify potentially obstructing third party patents. Moreover, patent applications in the United States are maintained in confidence for up to 18 months after their filing. In some cases, however, patent applications remain confidential in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, for the entire time prior to issuance as a U.S. patent. Patent applications filed in countries outside of the United States are not typically published until at least 18 months from their first filing date. Similarly, publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. We cannot be certain that we or our licensors or co-owners were the first to invent, or the first to file, patent applications covering our products and drug candidates. We also may not know if our competitors filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications or received patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights that block or compete with our patents. 
 
 Others may have filed patent applications or received patents that conflict with patents or patent applications that we own, have filed or have licensed, either by claiming the same methods, compounds or uses or by claiming methods, compounds or uses that could dominate those owned by or licensed to us. In addition, we may not be aware of all patents or patent applications that may affect our ability to make, use or sell any of our products or drug candidates. Any conflicts resulting from third-party patent applications and patents could affect our ability to obtain the necessary patent protection for our products or processes. If other companies or entities obtain patents with conflicting claims, we may be required to obtain licenses to these patents or to develop or obtain alternative technology. We may not be able to obtain any such licenses on acceptable terms or at all. Any failure to obtain such licenses could delay or prevent us from using discovery-related technology to pursue the development or commercialization of our products or drug candidates, which would adversely affect our business. 
 
 We cannot assure you that any of our patents have, or that any of our pending patent applications will mature into issued patents that will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination or any other product candidates. Others have developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our approach, and may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that may overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or formulations or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position. The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including our patent position, involve complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the issuance, scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims that we may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated, or circumvented. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference proceedings, ex parte reexamination, inter partes review and post-grant review proceedings, supplemental examination and may be challenged in district court. Patents granted in certain other countries may be subjected to revocation, opposition or comparable proceedings lodged in various national and regional patent offices, and national courts. These proceedings could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. For example, a European Unified Patent Court (UPC) came into force during 2023. The UPC is a common patent court to hear patent infringement and revocation proceedings effective for member states of the European Union. This could enable third parties to seek revocation of any of our European patents in a single proceeding at the UPC rather than through multiple proceedings in each of the jurisdictions in which the European patent is validated. Any such revocation and loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and products. Moreover, the controlling laws and regulations of the UPC will develop over time, and may adversely affect our ability to enforce our European patents or defend the validity thereof. We may decide to opt out our European patents and patent applications from the UPC. If certain formalities and requirements are not met, however, our European patents and patent applications could be challenged for non-compliance and brought under the jurisdiction of the UPC. We cannot be certain that our European patents and patent applications will avoid falling under the jurisdiction of the UPC, if we decide to opt out of the UPC. Moreover, such interference, re- examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, supplemental examination, opposition, or revocation proceedings may be costly. Thus, any patents that we may own or exclusively license may not provide any protection against competitors. Furthermore, an adverse decision in an interference proceeding can result in a third-party receiving the patent right sought by us, which in turn could affect our ability to develop, market or otherwise commercialize bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, the issuance of a patent, while presumed valid and enforceable, is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies, designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets by consultants, vendors, former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. If these developments were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our sales. 
 
 Furthermore, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. We have obtained a patent term extension in the United States for U.S. Patent No. 7,335,799 and have obtained supplementary protection certificates for one of the granted, counterpart European patents. In the United States, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent, but the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 
 Our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It is difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components that are used in their products. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product. Any litigation to enforce or defend our patent rights, if any, even if we were to prevail, could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 
 
 In addition, proceedings to enforce or defend our patents could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly. Such proceedings could also provoke third parties to assert claims against us, including that some or all of the claims in one or more of our patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable. If, in any proceeding, a court invalidated or found unenforceable our patents covering bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, our financial position and results of operations would be materially and adversely impacted. In addition, if a court found that valid, enforceable patents held by third parties covered bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, our financial position and results of operations would also be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Furthermore, starting in March 2024, we received notices from nine pharmaceutical companies, six of which filed exclusively with respect to NEXLETOL and four of which filed with respect to NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET (each, an ANDA Filer ), that each company had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, with the FDA seeking approval of a generic version of NEXLETOL and/or NEXLIZET, as applicable. The ANDAs each contained Paragraph IV certifications alleging that certain of our Orange Book listed patents covering NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET, as applicable, are invalid and/or will not be infringed by each ANDA Filer s manufacture, use or sale of the medicine for which the ANDA was submitted. It is possible that one or more additional companies may file with the FDA an ANDA for a generic version of, or an 505(b)(2) NDA that references, one or both of bempedoic acid or bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, in which the competitor would claim that our patents are invalid or not infringed. Competition that our approved products could face from an approved generic and other versions of our approved products could materially and adversely affect our future revenue, profitability, and cash flows and substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in developing bempedoic acid or bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet. For further details, please see our risk factor entitled If the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities approve generic or other versions of bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, the sales of our approved products could be adversely affected . 
 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: 
 
 any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, will include claims having a scope and patent term sufficient to protect bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet; 
 
 any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents; 
 
 we will be able to successfully commercialize bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet in all of the jurisdictions we intend to pursue before our relevant patents expire; 
 
 we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our patents and pending patent applications; 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 
 others will not develop similar or alternative technologies that do not infringe our patents; 
 
 any of our patents will be valid and enforceable; 
 
 any patents issued to us will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable products, will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties; 
 
 we will develop additional proprietary technologies or product candidates that are separately patentable; or 
 
 that our commercial activities or products, or those of our licensors, will not infringe upon the patents of others. 
 
 We rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our collaborators and consultants. We also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. It is possible that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants who are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 
 
 If the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities approve generic or other versions of bempedoic acid or the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination tablet, the sales of our approved products could be adversely affected. 
 
 Once a new drug application, or NDA, is approved, the product covered thereby becomes a reference listed drug in the FDA s publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, a company may seek approval of generic versions of reference listed drugs through submission of ANDA, in the United States. In support of an ANDA, a generic manufacturer need not conduct clinical trials to assess safety and efficacy. Rather, the applicant generally must show that its product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of administration and conditions of use or labelling as the reference listed drug and that the generic version is bioequivalent to the reference listed drug, meaning it is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent. Generic products may be significantly less costly to bring to market than the reference listed drug and companies that produce generic products are generally able to offer them at lower prices. Thus, following the introduction of a generic drug, a significant percentage of the sales of any branded product or reference listed drug is typically lost to the generic product. 
 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a company may also submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA that references the FDA s prior approval of the innovator product. A 505(b)(2) NDA product may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provide for certain periods of regulatory exclusivity, which preclude FDA approval (or in some circumstances, FDA filing and review) of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA until any applicable period of non-patent exclusivity for the reference listed drug has expired. For example, a new drug containing a new chemical entity, or NCE, may be eligible for five years of marketing exclusivity in the United States following regulatory approval if that drug is classified as a new chemical entity, or NCE. A drug can be classified as a NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other drug containing the same active moiety. 
 
 In addition to the benefits of regulatory exclusivity, an innovator NDA holder may have patents claiming the active ingredient, product formulation or an approved use of the drug, which would be listed in the Orange Book. If there are patents listed in the Orange Book for a product, an ANDA or 505(b)(2) applicant that seeks to market its product before expiration of the innovator drug patents must include in their applications what is known as a Paragraph IV certification, challenging the validity or enforceability, or claiming non-infringement, of the listed patent or patents. Notice of the certification must be given to the patent owner and NDA holder and if, within 45 days of receiving notice, either the patent owner or NDA holder sues for patent infringement, approval of the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA is stayed for up to 30 months, or as lengthened or shortened by a court. 
 
 Accordingly, competitors could file ANDAs for generic versions or 505(b)(2) NDAs that reference our NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET products, which were granted marketing approval by the FDA on February 21, 2020 and February 26, 2020, respectively. For example, given that NEXLETOL was granted market exclusivity by the FDA on February 21, 2020, an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA referencing our NEXLETOL NDA may not be submitted to the FDA until the expiration of five years, e.g., February 21, 2025, unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification that a patent covering the reference listed drug is either invalid or will not be infringed by the generic or 505(b)(2) product, in which case the applicant may submit its application four years following approval of the reference listed drug, e.g., February 21, 2024, for NEXLETOL. Competitors may seek to launch generic or 505(b)(2) versions of NEXLETOL following the expiration of the applicable 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 exclusivity period for NEXLETOL, even if we still have regulatory exclusivity and/or patent protection for NEXLETOL, and the same could happen for any of our other drug products upon approval. 
 
 Starting in March 2024, we received notices from each ANDA Filer that each company had filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking approval of a generic version of NEXLETOL and/or NEXLIZET, as applicable. The ANDAs each contained Paragraph IV certifications alleging that certain of our patents covering NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET, as applicable, are invalid and/or will not be infringed by each ANDA Filer s manufacture, use or sale of the medicine for which the ANDA was submitted. 
 
 Beginning in May 2024, we filed patent infringement lawsuits under the Hatch-Waxman Act in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey, against each ANDA Filer. Our complaints allege that by filing the applicable ANDA, such ANDA Filer has infringed NEXLETOL s and/or NEXLIZET s Orange Book patents, as applicable, included in its Paragraph IV certifications, and seek an injunction preventing FDA from granting final approval of the ANDA before the expiration of the asserted patents, and a permanent injunction to prevent the ANDA Filer from commercializing a generic version of NEXLETOL and/or NEXLIZET, as applicable, until the expiration of the asserted patents. No trial date has been set. 
 
 The success of such litigation will depend on the strength of the patents covering NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET, as applicable, and our ability to prove infringement. The outcome of such litigation will be inherently uncertain and may result in potential loss of market exclusivity for NEXLETOL and/or NEXLIZET. Competition that NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET could face from an approved generic and other versions of NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET could materially and adversely affect our future revenue, profitability, and cash flows and substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in developing NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET. Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, has brought lawsuits to challenge ANDA litigation settlements as anti-competitive. If we settle any ANDA litigation, we may also face an FTC challenge with respect to the related settlement which may result in additional expense or penalty. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, (as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Incorporated by Reference to: Exhibit No. Description Form or Schedule Exhibit No. Filing Date with SEC SEC File Number 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 3.2 June 12, 2013 333-188595 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 3.1 May 26, 2022 001-35986 3.3 
 Certificate of Validation relating to Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated May 26, 2022 
 8-K 3.1 September 20, 2022 001-35986 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 3.1 June 15, 2023 001-35986 3.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated April 29, 2021 
 10-Q 3.1 May 4, 2021 001-35986 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1 4.1 June 12, 2013 333-188595 1 0.1 # 
 Transition Agreement, dated August 3, 2024, by and between the Company and JoAnne Foody 
 8-K 10.1 
 August 5, 2024 
 001-35986 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 + 
 Certification s of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 + The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to be furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ESPERION THERAPEUTICS, INC. November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Sheldon L. Koenig Sheldon L. Koenig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Benjamin Halladay Benjamin Halladay Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 espr-ex311x09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 I, Sheldon L. Koenig, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Sheldon L. Koenig Sheldon L. Koenig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 espr-ex312x09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 I, Benjamin Halladay, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Benjamin Halladay Benjamin Halladay Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 espr-ex321x09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of Esperion Therapeutics, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge as of the date hereof 
 1) the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Sheldon L. Koenig Sheldon L. Koenig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Benjamin Halladay Benjamin Halladay Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 espr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 espr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 espr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 espr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 espr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

