<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1295401_0001562762-24-000267.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>67153600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249654</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2210207</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>44245048</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3731243</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15187268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-24-000267.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107112322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-24-000267
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001295401
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				233016517
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51018
		FILM NUMBER:		241433991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 SILVERSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19809
		BUSINESS PHONE:		302-385-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 SILVERSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-24-000267.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 tbbk-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

tbbk-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from: _____ to _____ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each Exchange on Which Registered Global Select 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No As of October 28, 2024, there were outstanding shares of common stock, 1.00 par value. 

 1 

THE BANCORP, INC Form 10-Q Index Page Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements: 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 8 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 40 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 76 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 76 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 77 Item 1A. Risk Factors 77 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 77 Item 5. Other Information 77 Item 6. Exhibits 78 Signatures 79 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statement s THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BA LANCE SHEETS September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits at Federal Reserve Bank Total cash and cash equivalents Investment securities, available-for-sale, at fair value, net of million allowance for credit loss effective December 31, 2023 Commercial loans, at fair value Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs Allowance for credit losses Loans, net Stock in Federal Reserve, Federal Home Loan and Atlantic Central Bankers Banks Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Intangible assets, net Other real estate owned Deferred tax asset, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Deposits Demand and interest checking Savings and money market Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Short-term borrowings Senior debt Subordinated debentures Other long-term borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock - authorized, shares of par value; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements . 

 3 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest income Loans, including fees Investment securities: Taxable interest Tax-exempt interest Interest-earning deposits Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Senior debt Subordinated debentures Net interest income Provision for credit losses on loans Provision (reversal) for unfunded commitments Net interest income after provision for credit losses and provision reversal for unfunded commitments Non-interest income Fintech fees ACH, card and other payment processing fees Prepaid, debit card and related fees Consumer credit fintech fees Total fintech fees Net realized and unrealized gains on commercial loans, at fair value Leasing related income Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Depreciation Rent and related occupancy cost Data processing expense Audit expense Legal expense FDIC insurance Software Insurance Telecom and IT network communications Consulting Write-downs and other losses on other real estate owned Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per share - basic Net income per share - diluted Weighted average shares - basic Weighted average shares - diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements . 

 4 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of reclassifications into net income: Other comprehensive income (loss) Securities available-for-sale: Change in net unrealized gains (losses) Reclassification adjustments for losses included in income Other comprehensive income (loss) Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive income Securities available-for-sale: Change in net unrealized gains (losses) Reclassification adjustments for losses included in income Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax and reclassifications into net income Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements . 

 5 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Accumulated Common Additional other stock Common paid-in Retained comprehensive shares stock capital earnings (loss) income Total Balance at January 1, 2024 Net income Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive income net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at March 31, 2024 Net income Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive income net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at June 30, 2024 Net income Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive income net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at September 30, 2024 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

 6 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Accumulated Common Additional other stock Common paid-in Retained comprehensive shares stock capital earnings (loss) income Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Net income Common stock issued from option exercises, net of tax benefits Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive income net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at March 31, 2023 Net income Common stock issued from option exercises, net of tax benefits Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive loss net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income Common stock issued from option exercises, net of tax benefits Common stock issued from restricted units, net of tax benefits Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases and excise tax Other comprehensive loss net of reclassification adjustments and tax Balance at September 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements . 

 7 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation Provision for credit losses on loans Provision reversal for unfunded commitments Net amortization of investment securities discounts/premiums Stock-based compensation expense Realized gains on commercial loans, at fair value Gain on sale of fixed assets Write-down of other real estate owned Change in fair value of commercial loans, at fair value Change in fair value of derivatives Loss on sales/calls of investment securities Increase in accrued interest receivable Increase in other assets Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from redemptions and prepayments of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Capitalized investment in other real estate owned Sale of repossessed assets Net (increase) decrease in loans Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Commercial loans, at fair value drawn during the period Payments on commercial loans, at fair value Purchases of premises and equipment Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities Financing activities Net increase (decrease) in deposits Net decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase Proceeds from short-term borrowings Redemption of senior debt Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock and excise tax Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure: Interest paid Taxes paid Non-cash investing and financing activities Transfers to other real estate owned from commercial loans, at fair value, and loans, net Leased vehicles transferred to repossessed assets 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements . 

 8 

THE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS primary lines of business consisting of its national specialty finance segment and its payments segment. In the national specialty finance segment, the Bank makes the following types of loans: securities-backed lines of credit SBLOCs ), cash value of insurance-backed lines of credit IBLOCs and investment advisor financing; leases (direct lease financing); small business loans SBLs ), consisting primarily of Small Business Administration SBA loans; and non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans REBLs ). Consumer fintech lending is reflected in the payments segment. While the national specialty finance segment generates the majority of the Company s revenues, the payments segment also contributes significant revenues. In its payments segment, the Company provides payment and deposit services nationally, which include prepaid and debit card accounts, affinity group banking, deposit accounts to investment advisors customers, card payments and other payment processing services. Payments segment deposits fund the majority of the Company s loans and securities and may produce lower costs than other funding sources. Most of the payments segment s revenues and deposits, and SBLOC and IBLOC loans, result from relationships with third parties which market such products. Concentrations of loans and deposits are based upon the cumulative account balances generated by those third parties. Similar concentrations result in revenues in prepaid, debit card and related fees. These concentrations may also be reflected in a lower cost of funds compared to other funding sources. The Company sweeps certain deposits off its balance sheet to other institutions through intermediaries. Such sweeps are utilized to optimize diversity within its funding structure by managing the percentage of individual client deposits to total deposits. The Company and the Bank are subject to regulation by certain state and federal agencies and, accordingly, they are examined periodically by those regulatory authorities. As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities, the Company s and the Bank s businesses are affected by state and federal legislation and regulations. There have been no significant changes as of September 30, 2024 from the Company s significant accounting policies as described in the 2023 Form 10-K. active stock-based compensation plans. 

 9 

stock options with a vesting period of and a weighted average grant-date fair value of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company granted stock options with a vesting period of and a weighted average grant-date fair value of . There were common stock options exercised in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. There were stock options exercised in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 . A summary of the Company s stock options is presented below. Granted Exercised Expired Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 The Company granted RSUs in the first nine months of 2024, of which have a vesting period of and have a vesting period of . At issuance, the RSUs granted in the first nine months of 2024 had a weighted average fair value of per unit. The Company granted RSUs in the first nine months of 2023, of which had a vesting period of and had a vesting period of . At issuance, the RSUs granted in the first nine months of 2023 had a weighted average fair value of per unit. A summary of the Company s RSUs is presented below. Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there was a total of million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards under stock-based compensation plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. Related compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. Related compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. The total issuance date fair value of RSUs vested and options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised and RSUs vested in those respective periods was million and million, respectively. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company estimated the fair value of each stock option grant on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected lives (years) 
 Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock and peer group comparisons over the expected life of the option. The risk-free rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal of Securities STRIPS rate in effect at the time of the grant. The life of the option is based on historical factors which include the contractual term, vesting period, exercise behavior and employee terminations. In accordance with ASC 718, stock- based compensation expense for the period ended September 30, 2024 is based on awards that are ultimately expected to vest and has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. The Company estimates forfeitures using historical data or acceptable expedients. 

 10 

Effect of dilutive securities Common stock options and RSUs Diluted earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders 
 Stock options for shares, exercisable at prices between and per share, were outstanding at September 30, 2024, and included in the diluted earnings per share computation because their exercise price per share was less than the average market price for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 . Stock options for shares were anti-dilutive and not included in the earnings per share calculation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Income Shares Per share (numerator) (denominator) amount (Dollars in thousands except share and per share data) Basic earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders Effect of dilutive securities Common stock options and RSUs Diluted earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders 
 Stock options for shares, exercisable at prices between and per share, were outstanding at September 30, 2024, and included in the diluted earnings per share computation because their exercise price per share was less than the average market price for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 . Stock options for shares were anti-dilutive and not included in the earnings per share calculation. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Income Shares Per share (numerator) (denominator) amount (Dollars in thousands except share and per share data) Basic earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders Effect of dilutive securities Common stock options and RSUs Diluted earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders 
 Stock options for shares, exercisable at prices between and per share, were outstanding at September 30, 2023, and included in the diluted earnings per share computation because their exercise price per share was less than the average market price for the three month period ended September 30, 2023. Stock options for shares were anti-dilutive and not included in the earnings per share calculation. 

11 

Effect of dilutive securities Common stock options and RSUs Diluted earnings per share Net earnings available to common shareholders 
 Stock options for shares, exercisable at prices between and per share, were outstanding at September 30, 2023, and included in the diluted earnings per share computation because their exercise price per share was less than the average market price for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Stock options for shares were anti-dilutive and not included in the earnings per share calculation. Asset-backed securities (1) Tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions Taxable obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities 
 September 30, 2024 Gross Gross Amortized unrealized unrealized Fair (1) Asset-backed securities as shown above cost gains losses value Federally insured student loan securities Collateralized loan obligation securities 
 Available-for-sale December 31, 2023 Gross Gross Allowance Amortized unrealized unrealized for Fair cost gains losses Credit Losses value U.S. Government agency securities Asset-backed securities (1) Tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions Taxable obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities 

12 

Collateralized loan obligation securities 
 Investments in Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock, Atlantic Central Bankers Bank ACBB stock, and Federal Reserve Bank stock are recorded at cost and amounted to million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. At each of those dates, ACBB stock amounted to . T he amount of FHLB stock required to be held is based on the amount of borrowings, and after repayment thereof, the stock may be redeemed. The amortized cost and fair value of the Company s investment securities at September 30, 2024, by contractual maturity, are shown below (dollars in thousands). Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 
 The Company pledges loans to collateralize its line of credit with the FHLB, as described in Note 6. Loans. The Company had securities pledged at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. There were gross realized gains on sales of securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. There were realized losses on securities sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Realized losses on securities sales/calls were and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . The table below indicates the length of time individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Asset-backed securities Tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions Taxable obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total unrealized loss position investment securities 

13 

Asset-backed securities Tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions Taxable obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total unrealized loss position investment securities 
 The Company owns trust preferred security, issued by an insurance company, which was purchased in 2006 , and owns no other such security or similar security. At September 30, 2024, this security had a cost basis of million , and comprises the balance of the corporate debt securities classification in the tables above . T he Bank provided for a potential loss for the full amount of the million par value of the trust preferred security through a provision for credit loss of million in the fourth quarter of 2023. Interest payments on the trust preferred security have been deferred, as permitted by its terms for periods up to five years. While the trust preferred security has previously been subject to interest deferral which was repaid, there can be no assurance that repayment will occur for the current deferral. The Company has evaluated the securities in the above tables as of September 30, 2024 and has concluded that, except for the trust preferred security discussed above, none of these securities required an allowance for credit loss ACL . The Company evaluates whether an ACL is required by considering primarily the following factors: (a) the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost of the security, (b) changes in the financial condition, credit rating and near-term prospects of the issuer, (c) whether the issuer is current on contractually obligated interest and principal payments, (d) changes in the financial condition of the security s underlying collateral and (e) the payment structure of the security. The Company s determination of the best estimate of expected future cash flows, which is used to determine the credit loss amount, is a quantitative and qualitative process that incorporates information received from third-party sources along with internal assumptions and judgments regarding the future performance of the security. With the exception of the trust preferred security discussed above and the CRE-2 security discussed in Note 6. Loans, the Company concluded that the securities that are in an unrealized loss position are in a loss position because of changes in market interest rates after the securities were purchased. The severity of the impact of fair value in relation to the carrying amounts of the individual investments is consistent with market developments. The Company s analysis of each investment is performed at the security level. The Company intends to hold its investment securities to maturity, and it is likely that it will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. million of the million of commercial loans, at fair value, with the balance comprised of the guaranteed portion of certain SBA loans also previously held for sale. The amortized cost of the million commercial loans at fair value was million. Included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on commercial loans, at fair value in the consolidated statements of operations are changes in the estimated fair value of such loans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were related net unrealized losses or gains recognized for changes in fair value. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, related net unrealized losses recognized for changes in fair value were million, of which reflected losses attributable to credit weaknesses. In the third quarter of 2021, the Company resumed the origination of non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans which it also intends to hold for investment 

 14 

billion of loans were pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank and billion of loans were pledged to the FHLB against lines of credit which provide a source of liquidity to the Bank. There was million drawn against the FHLB line at September 30, 2024 . Prior to 2020, the Company sponsored the structuring of commercial mortgage loan securitizations, and in 2020, the Company decided not to pursue additional securitizations. The loans previously sold to the commercial mortgage-backed securitizations were transitional commercial mortgage loans made to improve and rehabilitate existing properties which already had cash flow. Servicing rights were not retained. Each of the securitizations is considered a variable interest entity of which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Further, true sale accounting has been applicable to each of the securitizations, as supported by a review performed by an independent third-party consultant. In each of the securitizations, the Company obtained a tranche of certificates which are accounted for as available-for-sale debt securities. The securities were recorded at fair value at acquisition, which was determined by an independent third-party based on the discounted cash flow method using unobservable (level 3) inputs. Of the securities purchased by the Bank from our securitizations, all have been repaid except one issued by CRE-2, which is included in the commercial mortgage-backed securities classification in investment securities. As of September 30, 2024, the principal balance of the Bank s CRE-2-issued security was million . As a result of the reduced excess of appraised value over the Bank s principal and accruing interest based on new appraisals, the million principal was placed in nonaccrual status and million was reversed from securities interest in the second quarter of 2024. While the appraised values allocable to the Bank s security exceed the principal and unpaid interest, there can be no assurance as to the amounts received upon the servicer s disposition of these properties, which will reflect additional servicing fees, actual disposition prices and other disposition costs. The Company analyzes credit risk prior to making loans on an individual loan basis. The Company considers relevant aspects of the borrowers financial position and cash flow, past borrower performance, management s knowledge of market conditions, collateral and the ratio of loan amounts to estimated collateral value in making its credit determinations. For SBLOC, the Company relies on the market value of the underlying securities collateral as adjusted by margin requirements, generally for equities and for investment grade securities. For IBLOC, the Company relies on the cash value of insurance policy collateral. Of the total million of consumer fintech loans at September 30, 2024, million consisted of secured credit card loans, with the balance consisting of other short-term extensions of credit. Consumers do not pay interest on the majority of consumer fintech loan balances, including secured credit card loans. The majority of the income on those loans is reflected in non-interest income under Consumer credit fintech fees and originate with the marketers and servicers for those loans. The secured credit card balances were collateralized with deposits at the Bank, with related income statement impact reflected both in a lower cost of funds and fee income. The lower cost of funds results from balances required to be maintained to collateralize related card use. Related fee income is reflected in the Consumer credit fintech fees line of the income statement. Major classifications of loans, excluding commercial loans at fair value, are as follows (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction SBLs Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC (1) Advisor financing (2) Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech (3) Other loans (4) Unamortized loan fees and costs Total loans, including unamortized loan fees and costs 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 SBLs, including costs net of deferred fees of and for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

15 

Total SBLs (5) 
 (1) SBLOC are collateralized by marketable securities, while IBLOC are collateralized by the cash surrender value of insurance policies. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, IBLOC loans amounted to million and million, respectively. (2) In 2020, the Bank began originating loans to investment advisors for purposes of debt refinancing, acquisition of another firm or internal succession. Maximum loan amounts are subject to loan-to-value ratios of of the business enterprise value based on a third-party valuation but may be increased depending upon the debt service coverage ratio. Personal guarantees and blanket business liens are obtained as appropriate. (3) Consumer fintech loans included million of secured credit card loans, with the balance consisting of other short-term extensions of credit. (4) Includes demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances totaling and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Estimated overdraft charge-offs and recoveries are reflected in the ACL and are immaterial. (5) The SBLs held at fair value are comprised of the government guaranteed portion of 7(a) Program (as defined below) loans at the dates indicated. The l oan r eview department recommend s n on-accrual status for loans to the surveillance committee, in those situations where interest income appears to be uncollectible or a protracted delay in collection becomes evident. The surveillance committee further vets and approves the non-accrual status. The following table summarizes non-accrual loans with and without an ACL as of the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct leasing Real estate bridge loans Other loans 
 The Company had million of other real estate owned OREO at September 30, 2024, and million of OREO at December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes the Company s non-accrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more, and OREO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively: SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct leasing Real estate bridge loans Other loans Total non-accrual loans Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing (1) Total non-performing loans OREO (2) Total non-performing assets 
 (1) The majority of the increase in Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing resulted from vehicle leases to governmental entities and municipalities, the payments for which are sometimes subject to administrative delays. (2 In the first quarter of 2024, a million apartment building rehabilitation bridge loan was transferred to nonaccrual status. On April 2, 2024, the same loan was transferred from nonaccrual status to OREO, and comprised the majority of our OREO at September 30, 2024, with a balance at that date of million. We intend to continue to manage the capital improvements on the underlying apartment complex. As the units become available for lease, the property manager will be tasked with leasing these units at market rents. The million balance compares to a September 2023 third party as is appraisal of million, or an as is loan to value LTV , with additional potential collateral value as construction progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates . The Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for that apartment property acquired by the Bank through foreclosure. The purchaser has made earnest money deposits of , with additional required deposits projected to total prior to the December 31, 2024 closing deadline. The sales price is expected to cover the Company s current OREO balance plus the forecasted cost of improvements to the property. There can be no assurance that the purchaser will consummate the sale of the property, but if not consummated, earnest money deposits are expected to accrue to the Company. The nonaccrual balances in this table as of September 30, 2024, are also reflected in the substandard loan totals. Interest which would have been earned on loans classified as non-accrual for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. income on non-accrual loans was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of REBL, of direct leasing, of SBL commercial real estate, and of SBL non-real estate were reversed from interest income, which represented interest accrued on loans placed into non-accrual status during the period . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of legacy commercial real estate, 
 
 16 

of SBL commercial real estate, of SBL non-real estate, of IBLOC, and of direct leasing were reversed from interest income, which represented interest accrued on loans placed into non-accrual status during the period. Material amounts of prior year non-accrual interest reversals are charged to the ACL, but such amounts were not material during either the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. In the third quarter of 2024 of interest was reversed from interest income as a result of REBL loan modifications. L oans which are experiencing financial stress are reviewed by the loan review department, which is independent of the lending lines. The review includes an analysis for a potential specific reserve allocation in the ACL. For REBLs, updated appraisals are generally obtained in conjunction with modifications. During the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, loans modified and related information are as follows (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans Total 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Interest rate reduction and payment deferral Term extension Total Percent of total loan category Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Total Percent of total loan category SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans (1) Total 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, sometimes utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. The following table shows an analysis of loans that were modified during the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 presented by loan classification (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans Three months ended September 30, 2023 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge lending 

17 

SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans (1) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge lending 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, sometimes utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Combined Rate and Maturity Combined Rate and Maturity Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans (1) 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, sometimes utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. (2) Percentage represents the principal of loans deferred divided by the principal of the total loan portfolio. While borrowers for a million apartment property loan which had a six month payment deferral granted in the fourth quarter of 2023 have not resumed payments, the related as is and as stabilized LTV based on a May 2024 appraisal were and , respectively. That balance comprises the balance of REBL nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2024. The as stabilized LTV measures the apartment property s value after renovations have been completed and units have generally been re-leased. There were loans that received a term extension modification which had a payment default during the period and were modified in the twelve months before default. 
 
 18 

commitments to extend additional credit to loans classified as modified for the periods ended September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Of the million special mention and million substandard REBL loans at September 30, 2024, million were modified in the third quarter of 2024 and received reductions in interest rates and payment deferrals. Included in the million was million which had been modified in first quarter 2024 with a six month payment deferral. The third quarter additional modification was for an additional three month payment deferral and a partial nine month payment deferral. Not included in the million of REBL loans were (i) million which was recapitalized with a new borrower, who negotiated a partial interest deferral and rate reduction, and (ii) million which is accounted for at fair value, and as such, not reflected in modification totals. While payment deferrals have generally been for three to twelve months, that loan was granted a month payment deferral, followed by a partial payment deferral, in addition to an interest rate reduction. Going forward, the Company will not be accruing interest on this loan. The weighted average as is and as stabilized LTVs for the million balance were and , respectively, while those LTVs for the million were and , respectively. T here were million and million of total loans classified as modified for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, with specific reserves of and , for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. T here were and of loans classified as modified for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2023. Substantially all of the reserves at September 30, 2024 related to the non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans. Management estimates the ACL quarterly and for most loan categories uses relevant available internal and external historical loan performance information to determine the quantitative component of the reserve and current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts and other factors to determine the qualitative component of the reserve. Reserves on specific credit-deteriorated loans comprise the third and final component of the reserve. Historical credit loss experience provides the quantitative basis for the estimation of expected credit losses over the estimated remaining life of the loans. The qualitative component of the ACL is designed to be responsive to changes in portfolio credit quality and the impact of current and future economic conditions on loan performance, and is subjective. The review of the appropriateness of the ACL is performed by the Chief Credit Officer and presented to the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors for review. With the exception of SBLOC and IBLOC, which utilize probability of default/loss given default, and the other loan category, which uses discounted cash flow to determine a reserve, the quantitative components for remaining categories are determined by establishing reserves on loan pools with similar risk characteristics based on a lifetime loss-rate model, or vintage analysis, as described in the following paragraph. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. If foreclosure is believed to be probable or repayment is expected from the sale of collateral, a reserve for deficiency is established within the ACL. Those reserves are estimated based on the difference between loan principal and the estimated fair value of the collateral, adjusted for estimated disposition costs. Below are the portfolio segments used to pool loans with similar risk characteristics and align with the Company s methodology for measuring expected credit losses. These pools have similar risk and collateral characteristics, and certain of these pools are broken down further in determining and applying the vintage loss estimates previously discussed. For instance, within the direct lease financing pool, government and public institution leases are considered separately. Additionally, the Company evaluates its loans under an internal loan risk rating system as a means of identifying problem loans. The special mention classification indicates weaknesses that may, if not cured, threaten the borrower s future repayment ability. A substandard classification reflects an existing weakness indicating the possible inadequacy of net worth and other repayment sources. These classifications are used both by regulators and peers, as they have been correlated with an increased probability of credit losses. A summary of the Company s primary portfolio pools and loans accordingly classified, by year of origination, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 19 

Special mention Substandard Total SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Pass Special mention Substandard Total SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Pass Substandard Total SBL construction Direct lease financing Non-rated Pass Special mention Substandard Total direct lease financing SBLOC Non-rated Pass Total SBLOC IBLOC Non-rated Pass Special mention Substandard Total IBLOC Advisor financing Pass Special mention Total advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Pass Special mention (1) Substandard (1) Total real estate bridge loans Other loans Non-rated Pass Special mention Total other loans (2) Unamortized loan fees and costs Total 
 (1) For the special mention and substandard real estate bridge loans, recent appraisals reflect a respective weighted average as is LTV of and a further estimated as stabilized LTV. The as stabilized LTV reflects the third-party appraiser s estimate of value after rehabilitation is complete. The special mention and substandard real estate bridge loans shown in 2024 reflected loans to new borrowers with greater financial capacity, with their original financing in the 2021 and 2022 vintages. (2) Included in Other loans are million of SBA loans purchased for Community Reinvestment Act CRA purposes as of September 30, 2024. These loans are classified as SBL in the Company s loan table, which classifies loans by type, as opposed to risk characteristics. 

20 

Pass Special mention Substandard Total SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Pass Special mention Substandard Total SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Pass Special mention Substandard Total SBL construction . Direct lease financing Non-rated Pass Special mention Substandard Total direct lease financing SBLOC Non-rated Pass Total SBLOC IBLOC Pass Substandard Total IBLOC Advisor financing Pass Special mention Total advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Pass Special mention Substandard Total real estate bridge loans Other loans Non-rated Pass Special mention Substandard Total other loans (1) Total Unamortized loan fees and costs Total 
 (1) Included in Other loans are million of SBA loans purchased for CRA purposes as of December 31, 2023. These loans are classified as SBL in the Company s loan table, which classifies loans by type, as opposed to risk characteristics. SBL. Substantially all SBLs consist of SBA loans. The Bank participates in loan programs established by the SBA, including the 7(a) Loan Guarantee Program (the 7(a) Program ), the 504 Fixed Asset Financing Program (the 504 Program ), and the discontinued PPP . The 7(a) Program is designed to help small business borrowers start or expand their businesses by providing partial guarantees of loans made by banks and non-bank lending institutions for specific business purposes, including long or short-term working capital; funds for the purchase of equipment, machinery, supplies and materials; funds for the purchase, construction or renovation of real estate; and 
 
 21 

million remaining to be reimbursed as of September 30, 2024. The Company segments the SBL portfolio into four pools: non-real estate, commercial mortgage and construction to capture the risk characteristics of each pool, and the PPP loans discussed above. PPP loans are not included in the risk pools because they have inherently different risk characteristics due to the U.S. government guarantee. In the table above, the PPP loans are included in non-rated SBL non-real estate. The qualitative factors for SBL loans focus on pool loan performance, underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans and changes in economic conditions. Additionally, the construction segment adds a qualitative factor for general construction risk, such as construction delays resulting from labor shortages or availability/pricing of construction materials. Direct lease financing. The Company provides lease financing for commercial and government vehicle fleets and, to a lesser extent, provides lease financing for other equipment. Leases are either open-end or closed-end. An open-end lease is one in which, at the end of the lease term, the lessee must pay the difference between the amount at which the Company sells the leased asset and the stated termination value. Termination value is a contractual value agreed to by the parties at the inception of a lease as to the value of the leased asset at the end of the lease term. A closed-end lease is one for which no such payment is due on lease termination. In a closed-end lease, the risk that the amount received on a sale of the leased asset will be less than the residual value is assumed by the Bank, as lessor. The qualitative factors for direct lease financing focus on underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans, portfolio loan performance, loan concentrations and changes in economic conditions. SBLOC. SBLOC loans are made to individuals, trusts and entities and are secured by a pledge of marketable securities maintained in one or more accounts for which the Company obtains a securities account control agreement. The securities pledged may be either debt or equity securities or a combination thereof, but all such securities must be listed for trading on a national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. SBLOCs are typically payable on demand. Maximum SBLOC line amounts are calculated by applying a standard advance rate calculation against the eligible security type depending on asset class: typically, up to for equity securities and mutual fund securities and for investment grade (Standard Poor s rating of BBB- or higher, or Moody s rating of Baa3 or higher) municipal or corporate debt securities. Substantially all SBLOCs have full recourse to the borrower. The underlying securities collateral for SBLOC loans is monitored on a daily basis to confirm the composition of the client portfolio and its daily market value. The primary qualitative factor in the SBLOC analysis is the ratio of loans outstanding to market value. This factor has been maintained at low levels, which has remained appropriate as losses have not materialized despite the historic declines in the equity markets during 2020, during which there were losses. Significant losses have not been incurred since inception of this line of business. Additionally, the advance rates noted above were established to provide the Company with protection from declines in market conditions from the origination date of the lines of credit. IBLOC. IBLOC loans are collateralized by the cash surrender value of eligible insurance policies. Should a loan default, the primary risks for IBLOCs are if the insurance company issuing the policy were to become insolvent, or if that company would fail to recognize the Bank s assignment of policy proceeds. To mitigate these risks, insurance company ratings are periodically evaluated for compliance with Bank standards. Additionally, the Bank utilizes assignments of cash surrender value, which legal counsel has concluded are enforceable. Significant losses have not been incurred since inception of this line of business. The qualitative factors for IBLOC primarily focus on the concentration risk with insurance companies. Investment advisor financing. In 2020, the Bank began originating loans to investment advisors for purposes of debt refinancing, acquisition of another firm or internal succession. Maximum loan amounts are subject to loan-to-value ratios of , based on third-party business appraisals, but may be increased depending upon the debt service coverage ratio. Personal guarantees and blanket business liens are obtained as appropriate. Loan repayment is highly dependent on fee streams from advisor clientele. Accordingly, loss of fee-based investment advisory clients or negative market performance may reduce fees and pose a risk to these credits. As credit losses have not been experienced, the ACL is determined by qualitative factors. The qualitative factors for investment advisor financing focus on historical industry losses, changes in lending policies and procedures, portfolio performance and economic conditions. Real estate bridge loans. Real estate bridge loans are transitional commercial mortgage loans which are made to improve and rehabilitate existing properties which already have cash flow, and which are securitized by those properties. Prior to 2020, such loans were originated for securitization and loans which had been originated but not securitized continue to be accounted for at fair value in Commercial loans, at fair value , on the balance sheet. In 2021, originations resumed and are being held for investment in Loans, net of deferred fees and costs , on the balance sheet. The Bancorp has minimal exposure to non-multifamily commercial real estate such as office buildings, and instead has a portfolio largely comprised of rehabilitation bridge loans for apartment buildings. These loans generally have three -year terms with one -year extensions to allow for the rehabilitation work to be completed and rentals stabilized for an extended period, before being refinanced at lower rates through U.S. Government Sponsored Entities or other lenders. The rehabilitation real estate lending portfolio consists primarily of workforce housing, which the Company considers to be working class apartments at 
 
 22 

million and million, respectively. A detail of the changes in the ACL by loan category and summary of loans evaluated individually and collectively for credit deterioration is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 23 

Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (credit) Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss Loans: Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 
 December 31, 2023 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Deferred fees and costs Total Beginning 1/1/2023 Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (credit) Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss Loans: Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 

24 

Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (credit) Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss Loans: Ending balance Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 

25 
 
 Current period recoveries Current period SBL non-real estate net charge-offs SBL commercial mortgage Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBL commercial mortgage net charge-offs SBL construction Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBL construction net charge-offs Direct lease financing Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period direct lease financing net charge-offs SBLOC Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBLOC net charge-offs IBLOC Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period IBLOC net charge-offs Advisor financing Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period advisor financing net charge-offs Real estate bridge loans Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period real estate bridge loans net charge-offs Other loans Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period other loans net recoveries Total Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period net charge-offs 

26 
 
 Current period recoveries Current period SBL non-real estate net charge-offs SBL commercial mortgage Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBL commercial mortgage net charge-offs SBL construction Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBL construction net charge-offs Direct lease financing Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period direct lease financing net charge-offs SBLOC Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period SBLOC net charge-offs IBLOC Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period IBLOC net charge-offs Advisor financing Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period advisor financing net charge-offs Real estate bridge loans Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period real estate bridge loans net charge-offs Other loans Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period other loans net charge-offs Total Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period net charge-offs 
 The Company did t have loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at either September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. In the first nine months of 2024, the Company purchased million of SBLs, ne of which were credit deteriorated. Additionally, in the first nine months of 2024, the Company participated in SBLs with other institutions in the amount of million. The non-accrual loans in the following table are treated as collateral dependent to the extent they have resulted from borrower financial difficulty (and not from administrative delays or other mitigating factors), and are not brought current. For non-accrual loans, the Company establishes a reserve in the allowance for credit losses for deficiencies between estimated collateral and loan carrying values. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any significant changes to the extent to which collateral secures its collateral dependent loans due to general collateral deterioration or from other factors. SBL non-real estate are collateralized by business assets, which may include certain real estate. SBL commercial mortgage and construction are collateralized by real estate for small businesses, while real estate bridge lending is primarily collateralized by apartment buildings, or other commercial real estate. SBLOC is collateralized by marketable investment securities while IBLOC is collateralized by the cash value of life insurance. Advisor financing is collateralized by investment advisors business franchises. Direct lease financing is collateralized primarily by vehicles or equipment. 
 
 27 

SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans (1) Consumer fintech Other loans Unamortized loan fees and costs 
 December 31, 2023 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual and non-accrual Current loans SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Unamortized loan fees and costs 
 (1) The million shown in the non-accrual column for real estate bridge loans is collateralized by apartment building property with respective and as is and as stabilized LTVs, respectively, based upon a May 2024 appraisal. As stabilized LTVs represent additional potential collateral value as rehabilitation progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates. The table above does not include an million loan accounted for at fair value, and, as such, not reflected in delinquency tables. In third quarter 2024, the borrower notified the Company that he would no longer be making payments on the loan, which is collateralized by a vacant retail property. Based upon a July 2024 appraisal, the as is LTV is and the as stabilized LTV is . Since 2021, real estate bridge lending originations have consisted of apartment buildings, while this loan was originated previously. The scheduled maturities of the direct financing leases reconciled to the total lease receivables in the consolidated balance sheet, are as follows (dollars in thousands): 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Residual value (1) Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows Present value of lease payments recorded as lease receivables 
 (1) Of the , is not guaranteed by the lessee or other guarantors. t maintain any deposits for various affiliated companies as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Bank has entered into lending transactions in the ordinary course of business with directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliates of such persons. All loans were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rate and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable loans with persons not related to the lender. At September 30, 2024, these loans were current as to principal and interest payments and did not involve more than normal risk of collectability. Loans to these related parties amounted to million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 

 28 

and for legal services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. million and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which approximated fair values. The estimated Level 2 fair values of investment securities are based on quoted market prices, if available, or estimated independently by a third-party pricing service based upon their matrix pricing technique. Level 3 investment security fair values are based on the present valuing of cash flows, which discounts expected cash flows from principal and interest using yield to maturity, or yield to call as appropriate, at the measurement date. In the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, there were transfers between the three levels. Federal Reserve, FHLB, and ACBB stock, are held as required by those respective institutions and are carried at cost. Each of these institutions require their members to hold stock as a condition of membership. While a fixed stock amount is required by each of these institutions, the FHLB stock requirement periodically increases or decreases with varying levels of borrowing activity . Co mmercial loans held at fair value are comprised primarily of commercial real estate bridge loans and SBA loans which had been originated for sale or securitization in the secondary market, and which are now being held on the balance sheet. Commercial real estate bridge loans and SBA loans are valued using a discounted cash flow analysis based upon pricing for similar loans where market indications of the sales price of such loans are not available. SBA loans are valued on a pooled basis and commercial real estate bridge loans are valued individually. Loans, net have an estimated fair value using the present value of future cash flows. The discount rate used in these calculations is the estimated current market rate adjusted for credit risk. Accrued interest receivable has a carrying value that approximates fair value. Loan fair values are based on unobservable inputs that are based on available information. Level 3 fair values are based on the present value of cash flows by unit of measurement. For OREO, market value is based upon appraisals of the underlying collateral by third-party appraisers, reduced by to for estimated selling costs. The estimated fair values of demand deposits (comprised of interest and non-interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and certain types of money market accounts) are equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (generally, their carrying 

 29 

Federal Reserve, FHLB and ACBB stock Commercial loans, at fair value Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs Demand and interest checking Savings and money market Senior debt Subordinated debentures Other long-term borrowings Short-term borrowings 
 December 31, 2023 Quoted prices in Significant other Significant active markets for observable unobservable Carrying Estimated identical assets inputs inputs amount fair value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Investment securities, available-for-sale Federal Reserve, FHLB and ACBB stock Commercial loans, at fair value Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs Interest rate swaps, asset Demand and interest checking Savings and money market Senior debt Subordinated debentures Other long-term borrowings Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

30 

Asset-backed securities Obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities, available-for-sale Commercial loans, at fair value 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Quoted prices in Significant other Significant active markets for observable unobservable Fair value identical assets inputs inputs December 31, 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Investment securities, available-for-sale U.S. Government agency securities Asset-backed securities Obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligation securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities, available-for-sale Commercial loans, at fair value Interest rate swaps, asset 
 The Company s year-to-date Level 3 asset activity for the categories shown are summarized below (dollars in thousands): Transfers to OREO Total net (losses) or gains (realized/unrealized) Included in earnings Included in earnings (included in credit loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases, advances, sales and settlements Advances Settlements Ending balance Total losses year-to-date included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date as shown above. 

31 

The Company s year-to-date OREO activity is summarized below (dollars in thousands) as of the dates indicated: Transfer from loans, net Transfer from commercial loans, at fair value Advances Write-downs Sales Ending balance 
 Information related to fair values of Level 3 balance sheet categories is as follows (dollars in thousands) : Discounted cash flow Discount rate Commercial - SBA (2) Discounted cash flow Discount rate Non-SBA commercial real estate - fixed (3) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Non-SBA commercial real estate - floating (4) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Commercial loans, at fair value OREO (5) Appraised value N/A N/A N/A 
 Level 3 instruments only Weighted Fair value at Range at average at December 31, 2023 Valuation techniques Unobservable inputs December 31, 2023 December 31, 2023 Commercial mortgage-backed investment security Discounted cash flow Discount rate Commercial - SBA Discounted cash flow Discount rate Non-SBA commercial real estate - fixed Discounted cash flow and appraisal Discount rate - Non-SBA commercial real estate - floating Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Commercial loans, at fair value OREO Appraised value N/A N/A N/A 
 The valuations for each of the instruments above, as of the balance sheet date, are subject to judgments, assumptions and uncertainties, changes in which could have a significant impact on such valuations. Weighted averages were calculated by using the discount rate for each individual security or loan weighted by its market value, except for SBA loans. For SBA loans, the yield derived from market pricing indications for comparable pools determined by date of loan origination. For commercial loans recorded at fair value, changes in fair value are reflected in the income statement. Changes in the fair value of securities which are unrelated to credit are recorded through equity. Changes in the fair value of loans recorded at amortized cost which are unrelated to credit are a disclosure item, without impact on the financial statements. The notes below refer to the September 30, 2024 table. (1) Commercial mortgage-backed investment security, consisting of a single bank-issued CRE security, is valued using discounted cash flow analysis. The discount rate and prepayment rate applied are based upon market observations and actual experience for comparable securities and implicitly assume market averages for defaults and loss severities. The CRE-2 security has significant credit enhancement, or protection from other subordinated tranches in the issue, which limits the valuation exposure to credit losses. Nonetheless, increases in expected default rates or loss severities on the loans underlying the issue could reduce its value. In market environments in which investors demand greater yield compensation for credit risk, the discount rate applied would ordinarily be higher and the valuation lower. Changes in loss experience could also change the interest earned on this holding in future periods and impact its fair value. As a single security, the weighted average rate shown is the actual rate applied to the CRE-2 security. For additional information related to this security, which was transferred to nonaccrual status in the third quarter of 2024, see Note 6. Loans. 
 
 32 

to over life. (3) Non-SBA commercial real estate fixed are fixed rate non-SBA commercial real estate mortgages. These loans are fair valued by a third-party, based upon discounting at market rates for similar loans. Discount rates used in applying discounted cash flow analysis utilize input based upon loan terms, the general level of interest rates and the quality of the credit. Deterioration in loan performance or other credit weaknesses could result in fair value ranges which would be dependent upon potential buyers tolerance for such weaknesses and are difficult to estimate. (4) Non-SBA commercial real estate floating are floating rate non-SBA loans, the majority of which are secured by multifamily properties (apartments). These are bridge loans designed to provide owners time and funding for property improvements and are generally valued using discounted cash flow analysis. The discount rate for the vast majority of these loans was based upon current origination rates for similar loans. Deterioration in loan performance or other credit weaknesses could result in fair value ranges which would be dependent upon potential buyers tolerance for such weaknesses and are difficult to estimate. At September 30, 2024, these loans were fair valued by a third-party, based upon discounting at market rates for similar loans. (5) For OREO, fair value is based upon appraisals of the underlying collateral by third-party appraisers, reduced by to for estimated selling costs. Such appraisals reflect estimates of amounts realizable upon property sales based on the sale of comparable properties and other factors. Actual sales prices may vary based upon the identification of potential purchasers, changing conditions in local real estate markets and the level of interest rates required to finance purchases. Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, segregated by fair value hierarchy, during the periods shown are summarized below (dollars in thousands). The non-accrual loans in the following table are treated as collateral dependent to the extent they have resulted from borrower financial difficulty (and not from administrative delays or other mitigating factors), and are not brought current. For non-accrual loans, the Company establishes a reserve in the allowance for credit losses for deficiencies between estimated collateral and loan carrying values. OREO 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Quoted prices in active Significant other Significant markets for identical observable unobservable Fair value assets inputs inputs (1) Description December 31, 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Collateral dependent loans with specific reserves (1) OREO 
 (1) The method of valuation approach for the loans evaluated for an allowance for credit losses on an individual loan basis and also for OREO was the market approach based upon appraisals of the underlying collateral by external appraisers, reduced by to for estimated selling costs. At September 30, 2024, principal on collateral dependent loans, which is accounted for on the basis of the value of underlying collateral, is shown at an estimated fair value of million. To arrive at that fair value, related loan principal of million was reduced by specific reserves of million within the ACL as of that date, representing the deficiency between principal and estimated collateral values, which were reduced by estimated costs to sell. When the deficiency is deemed uncollectible, it is charged off by reducing the specific reserve and decreasing principal. Valuation techniques consistent with the market and/or cost approach were used to measure fair value and primarily included observable inputs for the individual loans being evaluated such as recent sales of similar collateral or observable market data for operational or carrying costs. In cases where such inputs were unobservable, the loan balance is reflected within the Level 3 hierarchy . 

 33 

million of lease receivables which resulted in a customer list intangible of million that is being amortized over a ten-year period. A mortization expense is per year over the next three years). The gross carrying amount of the customer list intangible is million, and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, the accumulated amortization expense was million and million. In January 2020, the Company purchased McMahon Leasing and subsidiaries for approximately million which resulted in million of intangibles. The gross carrying value of million of intangibles was comprised of a customer list intangible of , goodwill of and a trade name valuation of . The customer list intangible is being amortized over a period and accumulated amortization expense was at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Amortization expense is per year over the next five years). The gross carrying value and accumulated amortization related to the Company s intangibles at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are presented below: Goodwill Trade Name Total 
 million in value of the Company s common stock in each quarter of 2022. On October 26, 2022, the Board approved a common stock repurchase program for the 2023 fiscal year (the 2023 Repurchase Program ). Under the 2023 Repurchase Program, the Company repurchased million in value of the Company s common stock in each quarter of 2023. On October 26, 2023, the Board approved a common stock repurchase program for the 2024 fiscal year (the 2024 Repurchase Program ), which authorizes the Company to repurchase million in value of the Company s common stock per fiscal quarter in 2024, for a maximum amount of million. The Company increased its share repurchase authorization for the second quarter of 2024 from million to million, which increased the maximum amount under the 2024 Repurchase Program to million. Under the 2024 Repurchase Program, the Company intends to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The 2024 Repurchase Program may be modified or terminated at any time. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares and shares of its common stock in the open market under the 2024 Repurchase Program at an average price of per share and per share, respectively . As a means of returning capital to shareholders, the Company implemented stock repurchase programs which totaled million, million and million, in equal quarterly amounts, respectively, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, with million originally planned for 2024. Subsequently the second quarter 2024 planned repurchase was increased from million to million, with million 

 34 

The Bancorp Bank, National Association "Well capitalized" institution (under federal regulations-Basel III) As of December 31, 2023 The Bancorp, Inc. The Bancorp Bank, National Association "Well capitalized" institution (under federal regulations-Basel III) 

35 

million in damages, an accounting and disallowance of the Bank s proof of claim. The Bank is vigorously defending against these claims. On September 28, 2022, the Bank filed a partial motion to dismiss, seeking to dispose of the majority of Cachet s claims against the Bank. On September 12, 2024, the Bank s partial motion to dismiss, seeking to dispose of the majority of Cachet s claims was denied on procedural grounds and without reaching the issues the Bank raised in its partial motion to dismiss. On October 31, 2024, Cachet filed its Second Amended Complaint, which as related to the Bank, is substantially similar to the First Amended Complaint; however, the Second Amended Complaint seeks only damages in amount to be proven at trial whereas the First Amended Complaint sought damages in amount to be proven but in no event less than million. The Bank will defend against the Second Amended Complaint and respond to the Second Amended Complaint in compliance with applicable deadlines, as may be amended. The Company is not yet able to determine whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial conditions or operations. On March 27, 2023, the Bank received a Civil Investigative Demand CID from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB seeking documents and information related to the Bank s escheatment practices in connection with certain accounts offered through one of the Bank s program partners. The Bank continues to cooperate with the CFPB, including by responding to the CID. While the Company remains confident in the Bank s escheatment practices, it cannot predict the timing or final outcome of the investigation. Future costs related to this matter may be material and could continue to be material at least through the completion of the investigation . On November 21, 2023, TBBK Card Services, Inc. TBBK Card ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, was served with a complaint filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, captioned People of the State of California, acting by and through San Francisco City Attorney David Chiu, Plaintiff v. InComm Financial Services, Inc., TBBK Card Services, Inc., Sutton Bank, Pathward, N.A., and Does 1-10, Defendants . The complaint principally alleges that the defendants engaged in unlawful, unfair or fraudulent business acts and practices related to the packaging of Vanilla prepaid cards and the refund process for unauthorized transactions that occurred due to card draining practices. On December 14, 2023, the case was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. On March 26, 2024, the case was remanded to the Superior Court of the State of California. TBBK Card is vigorously defending against the claims. On May 6, 2024, TBBK Card filed a motion to quash service of summons as to TBBK Card for lack of personal jurisdiction, which is still pending. The Company is not yet able to determine whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial conditions or operations. In addition, we are a party to various routine legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. Management believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. 

 36 

Interest allocation Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Non-interest income Direct non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Data processing expense Software Other Income before non-interest expense allocations Non-interest expense allocations Risk, financial crimes, and compliance Information technology and operations Other allocated expenses Total non-interest expense allocations Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income 

37 

Interest allocation Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Non-interest income Direct non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Data processing expense Software Other Income before non-interest expense allocations Non-interest expense allocations Risk, financial crimes, and compliance Information technology and operations Other allocated expenses Total non-interest expense allocations Income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Payments REBL Institutional Banking Commercial Corporate Total Interest income Interest allocation Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Non-interest income Direct non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Data processing expense Software Other Income before non-interest expense allocations Non-interest expense allocations Risk, financial crimes, and compliance Information technology and operations Other allocated expenses Total non-interest expense allocations Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income 

38 

Interest allocation Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Non-interest income Direct non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Data processing expense Software Other Income before non-interest expense allocations Non-interest expense allocations Risk, financial crimes, and compliance Information technology and operations Other allocated expenses Total non-interest expense allocations Income (loss) before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) 
 September 30, 2024 Payments REBL Institutional Banking Commercial Corporate Total Total assets Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Payments REBL Institutional Banking Commercial Corporate Total Total assets Total liabilities 

39 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A provides information about the Company s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and asset quality. This information is intended to facilitate your understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to our financial condition and results of operations . This MD A should be read in conjunction with our financial information in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Important Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, statements regarding The Bancorp s business, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including, but not limited to the words intend, may, believe, will, expect, look, anticipate, plan, estimate, continue, or similar words. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to, statements regarding our annual fiscal 2024 results, profitability, and increased volumes, and relate to our current assumptions, projections, and expectations about our business and future events, including current expectations about important economic, political, and technological factors, among other factors, and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause the actual results, events, or achievements to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. Factors that could cause results to differ from those expressed in the forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties referenced or described in The Bancorp s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and other documents that the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as the following: continued movement in interest rates and the resulting impact on net interest income; changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and its agencies; the impacts of recent volatility in the banking sector and actual or perceived concerns regarding the liquidity and soundness of other financial institutions; adverse changes in general economic and business conditions, including the impact of such conditions on the market value of real estate securing certain of our loans; levels of net charge-offs and the adequacy of the ACL in covering expected losses; any significant increase in the level of the Bank s deposits that are uninsured by the FDIC, or are otherwise regulated , including as a result of the implementation or adoption of pending regulatory change; any failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to new products, services and technology and achieve our strategic priorities, such as growing payments-related deposit accounts; our entry into consumer fintech lending and its future potential impact on our operations and financial condition; the impact on our stock price as a result of speculative or short trading strategies; weather events, natural disasters, geopolitical events, public health crises and other catastrophic events beyond our control; the outcome of regulatory matters or investigations, litigation, and other legal actions; and our ability to identify and prevent cyber-security incidents, such as data security breaches, ransomware, malware intrusion, or other attacks. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof and are based on information presently available to the management of the Company. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q except as required by applicable law. Recent Developments As previously disclosed in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for an apartment property acquired by our wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bancorp Bank, National Association, through foreclosure in connection with a real estate bridge lending REBL loan. At September 30, 2024, the related 40.3 million balance, comprised the majority of our OREO. Subsequent to the previously reported 125,000 earnest money deposit in July 2024, the purchaser has made additional earnest money deposits of 250,000 bringing the total of such deposits to 375,000 in 2024. Additional required deposits are projected to total 500,000 prior to the December 31, 2024 closing deadline. The sales price is expected to cover the Company s current OREO balance plus the forecasted cost of improvements to the property. There can be no assurance that the purchaser will consummate the sale of the property, but if not consummated, earnest money deposits would accrue to the Company. 

 40 

While real estate bridge loans classified as either special mention or substandard increased during the quarter, we believe that such classifications are at or near their peak. That conclusion is based, at least in part, on an independent review of a significant portion of the REBL portfolio performed during the third quarter by a firm specializing in such analysis. Additionally, the 50 basis point Federal Reserve rate reduction may provide immediate cash flow benefits to borrowers, while the further declining forward yield curve should support further liquidity benefits, as fixed rates decline. Moreover, respective weighted average as is and as stabilized LTVs of 77 and 68 , respectively, based upon appraisals in the past twelve months, continue to provide significant protection against loss. Underlying property values as supported by such independent LTVs, continue to facilitate the recapitalization of certain loans from borrowers experiencing cash flow issues, to borrowers with greater financial capacity. At September 30, 2024, real estate bridge loans classified as special mention and substandard respectively amounted to 84.4 million and 155.4 million compared to 96.0 million and 80.4 million at June 30, 2024. Each classified loan was evaluated for a potential increase in the allowance for credit losses ACL on the basis of a third-party appraisals of apartment building collateral. On the basis of as is and as stabilized LTVs, increases to the allowance were not required. The current allowance for credit losses for REBL, is primarily based upon historical industry losses for multi-family loans, in the absence of significant charge-offs within the Company s REBL portfolio. As a result of increasing amounts of loans classified as special mention and substandard, the Company evaluated potential related sensitivity for REBL in the third quarter. Such evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to change as more information becomes available. As a result, the Company added a new qualitative factor to its ACL with a cumulative after-tax impact of approximately 1.5 million 2.0 million pre-tax), as described in Note 6. Loans. Overview The Bancorp s balance sheet has a risk profile enhanced by the special nature of the collateral supporting its loan niches, and related underwriting. Those loan niches have contributed to increased earnings levels, even during periods in which markets have experienced various economic stresses. Real estate bridge lending is comprised of workforce housing which we consider to be working class apartments at more affordable rental rates, in selected states. We believe that underwriting requirements provide significant protection against loss, as supported by LTV ratios based on third-party appraisals. SBLOC and IBLOC loans are collateralized by marketable securities and the cash value of life insurance, respectively, while SBA loans are either SBA 7(a) loans that come with significant government-related guarantees, or SBA 504 loans that are made at 50-60 LTVs. Additional detail with respect to these loan portfolios is included in the related tables in Financial Condition. Also enhancing the Company s risk profile is the substantial earnings impact of its payment businesses. Nature of Operations We are a Delaware financial holding company and our primary, wholly-owned subsidiary is The Bancorp Bank, National Association. The vast majority of our revenue and income is currently generated through the Bank. In our continuing operations, we have four primary lines of specialty lending in our national specialty finance segment: SBLOC, IBLOC, and investment advisor financing; leasing (direct lease financing); SBLs, consisting primarily of SBA loans; non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans; and beginning in 2024, consumer fintech lending. SBLOCs and IBLOCs are loans that are generated through affinity groups and are respectively collateralized by marketable securities and the cash value of insurance policies. SBLOCs are typically offered in conjunction with brokerage accounts and are offered nationally. IBLOC loans are typically viewed as an alternative to standard policy loans from insurance companies and are utilized by our existing advisor base as well as insurance agents throughout the country. Investment advisor financing are loans made to investment advisors for purposes of debt refinance, acquisition of another investment firm or internal succession. Vehicle fleet and, to a lesser extent, other equipment leases are generated in a number of Atlantic Coast and other states and are collateralized primarily by vehicles. SBA loans are generated nationally and are collateralized by commercial properties and other types of collateral. Our non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans, at fair value, are primarily collateralized by multifamily properties (apartment buildings), and to a lesser extent, by hotel and retail properties. These loans were originally generated for sale through securitizations. In 2020, we decided to retain these loans on our balance sheet as interest-earning assets and resumed originating such loans in the third quarter of 2021. These new originations are identified as real estate bridge loans, consist of apartment building loans, and are held for investment in the loan portfolio. Prior originations originally intended for securitizations continue to be accounted for at fair value, and are included on the balance sheet in Commercial loans, at fair value. In the second quarter of 2024, we initiated our measured entry into consumer fintech lending, by which we make consumer loans with the marketing and servicing assistance of existing and planned new fintech relationships. While the 280.1 million of such loans at September 30, 2024 did not significantly impact income during the quarter, such lending is expected to meaningfully impact both the balance sheet and income in the future. We expect that impact will be reflected in a lower cost of funds for related deposits and increased transaction fees. 

 41 

The majority of our deposits and non-interest income are generated in our payments segment, or Fintech Solutions Group, which consists of consumer transaction accounts accessed by Bank-issued prepaid or debit cards and payment companies that process their clients corporate and consumer payments, automated clearing house ACH accounts, the collection of card payments on behalf of merchants and other payments through our Bank. The card-accessed deposit accounts are comprised of debit and prepaid card accounts that are generated by companies that market directly to end users. Our card-accessed deposit account types are diverse and include: consumer and business debit, general purpose reloadable prepaid, pre-tax medical spending benefit, payroll, gift, government, corporate incentive, reward, business payment accounts and others. Our ACH accounts facilitate bill payments and our acquiring accounts provide clearing and settlement services for payments made to merchants which must be settled through associations such as Visa or Mastercard. Consumer transaction account banking services are provided to organizations with a pre-existing customer base tailored to support or complement the services provided by these organizations to their customers, which we refer to as affinity or private label banking. These services include loan and deposit accounts for investment advisory companies through our Institutional Banking department. We typically provide these services under the name and through the facilities of each organization with whom we develop a relationship. Performance Summary Our net income increased to 51.5 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 50.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. Our cost of funds rose slightly to 2.54 in the third quarter of 2024 from 2.50 in the third quarter of 2023. See Asset and Liability Management in this MD A for further discussion of how our funding sources and loans adjust to Federal Reserve rate changes. Prepaid, debit card and other payment fees, including ACH, are the largest drivers of non-interest income. Such fees for the third quarter of 2024 increased 3.7 million over the comparable 2023 period. There was a 3.5 million provision for credit losses in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 1.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. Key Performance Indicators We use a number of key performance indicators KPIs to measure our overall financial performance and believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information about our underlying operational performance and trends. We describe how we calculate and use a number of these KPIs and analyze their results below. Return on assets and return on equity . Two KPIs commonly used within the banking industry to measure overall financial performance are return on assets and return on equity. Return on assets measures the amount of earnings compared to the level of assets utilized to generate those earnings and is derived by dividing net income by average assets. Return on equity measures the amount of earnings compared to the equity utilized to generate those earnings and is derived by dividing net income by average shareholders equity. Ratio of equity to assets . Ratio of equity to assets is another KPI frequently utilized within the banking industry and is derived by dividing period-end shareholders equity by period-end total assets. Net interest margin and credit losses . Net interest margin is a KPI associated with net interest income, which is the largest component of our earnings and is the difference between the interest earned on our interest-earning assets consisting of loans and investments, less the interest on our funding, consisting primarily of deposits. Net interest margin is derived by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. Higher levels of earnings and net interest income on lower levels of assets, equity and interest-earning assets are generally desirable. However, these indicators must be considered in light of regulatory capital requirements, which impact equity, and credit risk inherent in loans. Accordingly, the magnitude of credit losses is an additional KPI. Other KPIs . Other KPIs we use from time to time include growth in average loans and leases, non-interest income growth, the level of non-interest expense and various capital measures including equity to assets. Results of KPIs In the third quarter of 2024, return on assets and return on equity amounted to 2.55 and 25.74 (annualized), respectively, compared to 2.71 and 26.12 (annualized) in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, return on assets, and return on equity amounted to 2.76 and 26.61 (annualized), respectively, compared to 2.66 and 27.01 (annualized) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 

 42 

At September 30, 2024, the ratio of equity to assets was 10.07 , compared to 10.36 at September 30, 2023, reflecting an increase in equity capital from retained earnings and an increase in unrealized income on securities partially offset by share repurchases. The ratio fell slightly as a result of the increase in period end assets. Net interest margin was 4.78 in the third quarter of 2024, versus 5.07 in the third quarter of 2023. Net interest margin for third quarter 2024 was reduced by the reversal of 1.6 million 1.2 million, net of tax) of prior period interest related to both real estate bridge loans transferred to non-accrual status during the quarter and loan modifications with retroactive rate reductions . Average loans and leases increased to 6.02 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 5.61 billion in the third quarter of 2023. The provision for credit losses was 3.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a provision for credit losses of 1.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. Critical Accounting Estimates Our accounting and reporting policies conform with GAAP and general practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We view critical accounting estimates as those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our critical accounting policies and estimates as of September 30, 2024, remain unchanged from those presented in the 2023 Form 10-K under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Results of Operations Comparison of third quarter 2024 to third quarter 2023 Net Income N et income for the third quarter of 2024 was 51.5 million, or 1.04 per diluted share, compared to 50.1 million, or 0.92 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023. Income before income taxes was 69.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 66.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. Income increased between those respective periods primarily as a result of higher net interest income, which resulted primarily from higher loan and investment securities balances and higher fintech related payment and credit fees. Net Interest Income Our net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased 4.9 million, or 5.5 , to 93.7 million from 88.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. Our interest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased to 139.7 million, an increase of 10.7 million, or 8.3 , from 129.0 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in interest income resulted primarily from higher investment securities and loan balances as our average loans and leases increased to 6.02 billion for the third quarter of 2024 from 5.61 billion for the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 415.0 million, or 7.4 . Related interest income increased 5.9 million on a tax equivalent basis. SBLOC and IBLOC balances at September 30, 2024 were approximately 1 lower than those at June 30, 2024, after having shown larger decreases in prior periods. At September 30, 2024, the respective balances of SBLOC and IBLOC loans were 989.3 million and 554.0 million, respectively, compared to 1.01 billion and 712.6 million at September 30, 2023. Loans in other categories with higher yields more than offset the impact of the SBLOC and IBLOC decreases, which also contributed to the higher net interest income. Of the total 5.9 million increase in loan interest income on a tax equivalent basis, the largest increases were 2.2 million for all real estate bridge loans, 3.3 million for small business lending, 2.8 million for leasing and 1.3 million for investment advisor financing, while total SBLOC and IBLOC decreased 4.1 million . Our average investment securities of 1.58 billion for the third quarter of 2024 increased 806.6 million from 771.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. Related tax equivalent interest income increased 10.1 million, primarily reflecting an increase in balances. Our net interest margin (calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets) for the third quarter of 2024 was 4.78 compared to 5.07 for the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 29 basis points. While the yield on interest-earning assets decreased 23 basis points, the cost of deposits and interest-bearing liabilities increased 4 basis points, or a net change of 27 basis points. Average interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank decreased 392.6 million, or 61.3 , to 247.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 639.9 million in the third quarter of 2023, reflecting the impact of the purchase of approximately 900 million of securities in April 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, the average yield on our loans decreased to 7.73 from 7.89 for the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 16 basis points. Yields on taxable investment securities in the third quarter of 2024 was 5.02 compared to 5.02 for the third quarter of 2023. 

 43 

Average Daily Balances The following table presents the average daily balances of assets, liabilities and shareholders equity and the respective interest earned or paid on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as average annualized rates, for the periods indicated: Three months ended September 30, Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 Average Average Average Average Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Due to Volume Due to Rate Total (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs (1) 6,017,911 116,367 7.73 5,603,514 110,506 7.89 7,956 (2,095) 5,861 Leases-bank qualified (2) 5,151 146 11.34 4,585 110 9.60 15 21 36 Investment securities-taxable 1,575,091 19,767 5.02 768,364 9,647 5.02 10,124 (4) 10,120 Investment securities-nontaxable (2) 2,927 55 7.52 3,005 50 6.66 (1) 6 5 Interest-earning deposits at Federal Reserve Bank 247,344 3,387 5.48 639,946 8,689 5.43 (5,377) 75 (5,302) Net interest-earning assets 7,848,424 139,722 7.12 7,019,414 129,002 7.35 Allowance for credit losses (28,254) (23,147) Other assets 222,646 338,085 8,042,816 7,334,352 12,717 (1,997) 10,720 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Deposits: Demand and interest checking 6,942,029 42,149 2.43 6,229,668 37,913 2.43 4,325 (89) 4,236 Savings and money market 65,079 549 3.37 56,538 518 3.66 65 (34) 31 Total deposits 7,007,108 42,698 2.44 6,286,206 38,431 2.45 Short-term borrowings 73,480 1,030 5.61 1,030 1,030 Repurchase agreements 41 Long-term borrowings 38,235 689 7.21 9,889 128 5.18 493 68 561 Subordinated debt 13,401 297 8.87 13,401 293 8.75 4 4 Senior debt 96,071 1,234 5.14 95,714 1,234 5.16 Total deposits and liabilities 7,228,295 45,948 2.54 6,405,251 40,086 2.50 Other liabilities 18,362 167,673 Total liabilities 7,246,657 6,572,924 5,913 (51) 5,862 Shareholders' equity 796,159 761,428 8,042,816 7,334,352 Net interest income on tax equivalent basis (2) 93,774 88,916 6,804 (1,946) 4,858 Tax equivalent adjustment 42 34 Net interest income 93,732 88,882 Net interest margin (2) 4.78 5.07 (1) Includes commercial loans, at fair value. All periods include non-accrual loans. (2) Full taxable equivalent basis, using 21 respective statutory federal tax rates in 2024 and 2023. 
 For the third quarter of 2024, average interest-earning assets increased to 7.85 billion, an increase of 829.0 million, or 11.8 , from 7.02 billion in the third quarter of 2023. The increase reflected decreased average interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank of 392.6 million, the impact of which was more than offset by increased average balances of loans and leases of 415.0 million, or 7.4 , and increased average investment securities of 806.6 million, or 104.6 . The increase reflected the purchase of approximately 900 million of fixed rate securities to reduce exposure to possible future Federal Reserve rate decreases. For those respective periods, average demand and interest checking deposits increased 712.4 million, or 11.4 . The interest expense shown for demand and interest checking is primarily comprised of interest paid to our affinity groups. 

 44 

Provision for Credit Losses Our provision for credit losses was 3.5 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to a provision of 1.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. The ACL was 31.0 million, or 0.52 of total loans, at September 30, 2024, compared to 27.4 million, or 0.51 of total loans, at December 31, 2023. As a result of a new qualitative factor for classified REBL loans, the provision for credit losses was increased by 2.0 million in the third quarter of 2024. The provision also reflected the impact of continuing higher leasing net charge-offs, especially in long haul and local trucking, transportation and related activities for which total exposure was approximately 34 million at September 30, 2024. We believe that our ACL is appropriate and supportable. For more information about our provision and ACL and our loss experience, see Item 2 Allowance for Credit Losses, Item 2 Net Charge-offs, and Item 2 Non-accrual Loans, Loans 90 days Delinquent and Still Accruing, OREO and Modified Loans, below and Note 6. Loans to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein. Non-Interest Income Non-interest income was 32.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 26.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. The 5.3 million, or 19.9 , increase between those respective periods reflected an increase in prepaid, debit card and related fees. The increase also reflected increased ACH, card and other payment processing fees. Prepaid, debit card and related fees increased 2.4 million, or 11.1 , to 23.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase reflected higher transaction volume from new clients and organic growth from existing clients. ACH, card and other payment processing fees increased 1.3 million, or 52.4 , to 3.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 2.6 million in the third quarter of 2023, reflecting an increase in rapid funds transfer volume. Consumer credit fintech fees amounted to 1.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, as we began our entry into consumer fintech lending in the second quarter of 2024. Such lending may also be reflected in a lower cost of deposits, as a result of associated deposits. Net realized and unrealized gains on commercial loans, at fair value, increased 81,000, or 15.4 , to 606,000 for the third quarter of 2024 from 525,000 for the third quarter of 2023. Leasing related income decreased 695,000, or 39.3 , to 1.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 1.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. Other non-interest income increased 609,000, or 144.3 , to 1.0 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 422,000 in the third quarter of 2023 which reflected increased payoff fees on advisor financing loans. Non-Interest Expense Total non-interest expense was 53.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 5.8 million, or 12.2 , compared to 47.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. An 11.0 , increase in salaries and employee benefits expense reflected increases in payments related financial crimes and IT salary expense and an increase in incentive compensation expenses. The following table presents the principal categories of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Percent Change (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 33,821 30,475 3,346 11.0 Depreciation 1,047 644 403 62.6 Rent and related occupancy cost 1,734 1,510 224 14.8 Data processing expense 1,408 1,404 4 0.3 Audit expense 403 446 (43) (9.6 Legal expense 1,055 1,203 (148) (12.3 FDIC insurance 904 806 98 12.2 Software 4,561 4,427 134 3.0 Insurance 1,246 1,321 (75) (5.7 Telecom and IT network communications 283 305 (22) (7.2 Consulting 418 448 (30) (6.7 Write-downs and other losses on other real estate owned 131 (131) (100.0 Other 6,375 4,339 2,036 46.9 Total non-interest expense 53,255 47,459 5,796 12.2 

45 

Changes in non-interest expense were as follows: Salaries and employee benefits expense increased to 33.8 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 3.3 million, or 11.0 , from 30.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. Depreciation expense increased 403,000, or 62.6 , to 1.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 644,000 in the third quarter of 2023 , reflecting the impact of the Sioux Falls, South Dakota relocation to new and expanded offices and a new expanded data center. Rent and related occupancy cost increased 224,000, or 14.8 , to 1.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 1.5 million in the third quarter of 2023, reflecting the impact of the Sioux Falls, South Dakota relocation to new and expanded offices and a new expanded data center. Data processing expense increased 4,000, or 0.3 , to 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2023, reflecting higher transaction volume. Audit expense decreased 43,000, or 9.6 , to 403,000 in the third quarter of 2024 from 446,000 in the third quarter of 2023. Legal expense decreased 148,000, or 12.3 , to 1.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 1.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. FDIC insurance expense increased 98,000, or 12.2 , to 904,000 for the third quarter of 2024 from 806,000 in the third quarter of 2023 , reflecting increases in liabilities against which insurance rates are applied. Software expense increased 134,000, or 3.0 , to 4.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 4.4 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase reflected higher expenditures for information technology infrastructure including leasing, institutional banking, cybersecurity, and enterprise risk, which more than offset decreased expenses related to financial crimes management. Insurance expense decreased 75,000, or 5.7 , to 1.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. Telecom and IT network communications expense decreased 22,000, or 7.2 , to 283,000 in the third quarter of 2024 from 305,000 in the third quarter of 2023. Consulting expense decreased 30,000, or 6.7 , to 418,000 in the third quarter of 2024 from 448,000 in the third quarter of 2023. Other non-interest expense increased 2.0 million, or 46.9 , to 6.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 4.3 million in the third quarter of 2023 reflecting a 1.2 million loss from a transaction processing delay and a 652,000 increase in OREO expense. The 652,000 increase in OREO expense, reflected expenses on the 39.4 million apartment property transferred to OREO in the second quarter of 2024, as described in Note 6. Loans. The OREO balance of that property as of September 30, 2024 was 40.3 million. Income Taxes Income tax expense was 17.5 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 16.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in income, substantially all of which is subject to income tax. A 25.4 effective tax rate in 2024 and a 24.6 effective tax rate in 2023 primarily reflected a 21 federal tax rate and the impact of various state income taxes. Comparison of first nine months 2024 to first nine months 2023 Net Income Net income for the first nine months of 2024 was 161.6 million, or 3.15 per diluted share, compared to 148.3 million, or 2.68 per diluted share, for the first nine months of 2023. Income before income taxes was 215.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 197.6 million in the first nine months of 2023. Income increased between those respective periods primarily as a result of higher net interest income, which reflected the cumulative impact of Federal Reserve rate increases in 2023 on the loan and securities portfolios, prior to Federal Reserve rate decreases in September 2024. Additionally, growth in higher yielding loan categories offset reductions in lower yielding SBLOC and IBLOC balances. Net Interest Income Our net interest income for the first nine months of 2024 increased 20.1 million, or 7.7 , to 281.9 million from 261.9 million in the first nine months of 2023. Our interest income for the first nine months of 2024 increased to 412.8 million, an increase of 35.4 million, or 9.4 , from 377.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in interest income reflected an increase in loan yields resulting from the aforementioned Federal Reserve rate increases, as our average loans and leases increased to 5.83 billion for the first nine months of 2024 from 5.78 billion for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 57.6 million, or 1.0 . Related interest income increased 21.6 million on a tax equivalent basis. At September 30, 2024, the respective balances of SBLOC and IBLOC loans were 989.3 million and 554.0 million, respectively, compared to 1.01 billion and 712.6 million at September 30, 2023. Loans in other categories with higher yields partially offset the year over year SBLOC and IBLOC decreases, which also contributed to the higher net 

 46 

interest income. Of the total 21.6 million increase in loan interest income on a tax equivalent basis, the largest increases were 14.6 million for all real estate bridge loans, 9.6 million for small business lending, 8.0 million for leasing and 4.0 million for investment advisor financing, while total SBLOC and IBLOC decreased 16.2 million . Our average investment securities of 1.26 billion for the first nine months of 2024 increased 481.8 million from 776.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. Related tax equivalent interest income increased 18.1 million, primarily reflecting an increase in balances. Higher yields on loans reflected the continuing impact of Federal Reserve rate increases as variable rate loans repriced to higher rates, prior to the Federal Reserve s September 2024 rate reduction. Federal Reserve rate changes had an immediate impact on cost of funds, while their impact on variable rate loans lags. Generally, interest expense is contractually adjusted daily. The majority of our loans and securities are variable rate and generally reprice monthly or quarterly, although some reprice over several years. Our net interest margin (calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets) for the first nine months of 2024 was 4.96 compared to 4.86 for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 10 basis points. While the yield on interest-earning assets increased 26 basis points, the cost of deposits and interest-bearing liabilities increased 17 basis points, or a net change of 9 basis points. I nvestment securities yields reflected the 1.3 million second quarter 2024 impact of placing a security in nonaccrual status as described in Note 6. Loans to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein. Average interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank decreased 153.7 million, or 24.0 , to 486.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 640.6 million in the first nine months of 2023. In the first nine months of 2024, the average yield on our loans increased to 7.90 from 7.48 for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 42 basis points. Yields on taxable investment securities in the first nine months of 2024 increased to 4.98 compared to 4.97 for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 1 basis point. 

 47 

Average Daily Balances The following table presents the average daily balances of assets, liabilities and shareholders equity and the respective interest earned or paid on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as average annualized rates, for the periods indicated: Nine months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 Average Average Average Average Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Due to Volume Due to Rate Total (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs (1) 5,828,938 345,497 7.90 5,772,266 324,009 7.48 3,208 18,280 21,488 Leases-bank qualified (2) 4,840 379 10.44 3,920 279 9.49 70 30 100 Investment securities-taxable 1,255,532 46,921 4.98 773,485 28,820 4.97 18,015 86 18,101 Investment securities-nontaxable (2) 2,905 155 7.11 3,193 144 6.01 (11) 22 11 Interest-earning deposits at Federal Reserve Bank 486,883 19,948 5.46 640,554 24,271 5.05 (6,539) 2,216 (4,323) Net interest-earning assets 7,579,098 412,900 7.26 7,193,418 377,523 7.00 Allowance for credit losses (27,993) (23,192) Other assets 280,733 269,072 7,831,838 7,439,298 14,743 20,634 35,377 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Deposits: Demand and interest checking 6,684,671 120,405 2.40 6,343,711 106,984 2.25 5,923 7,498 13,421 Savings and money market 58,777 1,453 3.30 88,738 2,465 3.70 (763) (249) (1,012) Time 27,802 858 4.11 (858) (858) Total deposits 6,743,448 121,858 2.41 6,460,251 110,307 2.28 Short-term borrowings 55,820 2,344 5.60 6,758 234 4.62 2,050 60 2,110 Repurchase agreements 4 41 Long-term borrowings 38,371 2,060 7.16 9,945 382 5.12 1,473 205 1,678 Subordinated debt 13,401 880 8.76 13,401 825 8.21 55 55 Senior debt 95,983 3,701 5.14 97,220 3,793 5.20 (48) (44) (92) Total deposits and liabilities 6,947,027 130,843 2.51 6,587,616 115,541 2.34 Other liabilities 73,507 117,822 Total liabilities 7,020,534 6,705,438 7,777 7,525 15,302 Shareholders' equity 811,304 733,860 7,831,838 7,439,298 Net interest income on tax equivalent basis (2) 282,057 261,982 6,966 13,109 20,075 Tax equivalent adjustment 112 89 Net interest income 281,945 261,893 Net interest margin (2) 4.96 4.86 (1) Includes commercial loans, at fair value. All periods include non-accrual loans. (2) Full taxable equivalent basis, using 21 respective statutory federal tax rates in 2024 and 2023. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, average interest-earning assets increased to 7.58 billion, an increase of 385.7 million, or 5.4 , from 7.19 billion in the first nine months of 2023. The increase reflected decreased average interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank of 153.7 million , the impact of which was more than offset by increased average balances of loans and leases of 57.6 million, or 1.0 , and increased average investment securities of 481.8 million, or 62.0 . For those respective periods, average demand and 

 48 

interest checking deposits increased 341.0 million, or 5.4 . The interest expense shown for demand and interest checking is primarily comprised of interest paid to our affinity groups. Provision for Credit Losses Our provision for credit losses was 7.3 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to a provision of 4.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. The ACL was 31.0 million, or 0.52 of total loans, at September 30, 2024, compared to 27.4 million, or 0.51 of total loans, at December 31, 2023. As a result of a new qualitative factor for classified REBL loans, the provision for credit losses was increased by 2.0 million in the third quarter of 2024. The provision also reflected the impact of continuing higher leasing net charge-offs, especially in long haul and local trucking, transportation and related activities for which total exposure was approximately 34 million at September 30, 2024. We believe that our ACL is appropriate and supportable. For more information about our provision and ACL and our loss experience, see Item 2 Allowance for Credit Losses, Item 2 Net Charge-offs, and Item 2 Non-accrual Loans, Loans 90 days Delinquent and Still Accruing, OREO and Modified Loans, below and Note 6. Loans to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein. Non-Interest Income Non-interest income was 92.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 85.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. The 7.1 million, or 8.4 , increase between those respective periods reflected an increase in prepaid, debit card and related fees. The increase also reflected increased ACH, card and other payment processing fees. Prepaid, debit card and related fees increased 5.9 million, or 8.9 , to 72.9 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 67.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. The first quarter of 2023 included approximately 600,000 of non-interest income related to the fourth quarter of 2022, and a 1.4 million termination fee from a client which formed its own bank. The increase reflected higher transaction volume from new clients and organic growth from existing clients. ACH, card and other payment processing fees increased 2.7 million, or 37.8 , to 9.9 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 7.2 million in the first nine months of 2023, reflecting an increase in rapid funds transfer volume. Consumer credit fintech fees amounted to 1.7 million for 2024, as we began our entry into consumer fintech lending. Such lending may also be reflected in a lower cost of deposits, as a result of associated deposits. Net realized and unrealized gains on commercial loans, at fair value, decreased 2.0 million, or 47.1 , to 2.2 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 4.2 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease reflected the runoff of the commercial loans, at fair value portfolio, which has continued to reduce the volume of loan payoffs and the income recognized at the time of payoff. Leasing related income decreased 1.9 million, or 39.4 , to 2.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 4.8 million for the first nine months of 2023, reflecting 1.1 million of losses related to an auto auction company which ceased operations. Other non-interest income increased 574,000, or 28.7 , to 2.6 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 2.0 million in the first nine months of 2023 reflecting increased payoff fees on advisor financing loans. Non-Interest Expense Total non-interest expense was 151.4 million for the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 6.0 million, or 4.1 , compared to 145.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. While salaries and employee benefits increased 4.9 , increases in the payments business and related financial crimes and in IT salary expense, were offset by decreases in incentive compensation. 

 49 

The following table presents the principal categories of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Percent Change (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 97,964 93,427 4,537 4.9 Depreciation 3,023 2,046 977 47.8 Rent and related occupancy cost 5,060 4,265 795 18.6 Data processing expense 4,252 4,123 129 3.1 Audit expense 1,081 1,255 (174) (13.9 Legal expense 2,509 3,110 (601) (19.3 FDIC insurance 2,618 2,233 385 17.2 Software 13,687 12,981 706 5.4 Insurance 3,866 3,935 (69) (1.8 Telecom and IT network communications 908 1,044 (136) (13.0 Consulting 1,558 1,412 146 10.3 Write-downs and other losses on OREO 1,315 (1,315) (100.0 Other 14,887 14,286 601 4.2 Total non-interest expense 151,413 145,432 5,981 4.1 
 Changes in non-interest expense were as follows: Salaries and employee benefits expense increased to 98.0 million for the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 4.5 million, or 4.9 , from 93.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. Depreciation expense increased 977,000, or 47.8 , to 3.0 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 2.0 million in the first nine months of 2023 , reflecting the impact of the Sioux Falls, South Dakota relocation to new and expanded offices and a new expanded data center. Rent and related occupancy cost increased 795,000, or 18.6 , to 5.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 4.3 million in the first nine months of 2023, reflecting the impact of the Sioux Falls, South Dakota relocation to new and expanded offices and a new expanded data center. Data processing expense increased 129,000, or 3.1 , to 4.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 4.1 million in the first nine months of 2023, reflecting higher transaction volume. Audit expense decreased 174,000, or 13.9 , to 1.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 1.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. Legal expense decreased 601,000, or 19.3 , to 2.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 3.1 million in the first nine months of 2023, reflecting a reimbursement of legal fees related to the Del Mar complaint described in Note O. Commitments and Contingencies to the audited consolidated financial statements in the 2023 Form 10-K. FDIC insurance expense increased 385,000, or 17.2 , to 2.6 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 2.2 million in the first nine months of 2023, reflecting increases in liabilities against which insurance rates are applied. Software expense increased 706,000, or 5.4 , to 13.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 13.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase reflected higher expenditures for information technology infrastructure including leasing, institutional banking, cybersecurity, cloud computing and enterprise risk, which more than offset decreasing expenses related to financial crimes management. Insurance expense decreased 69,000, or 1.8 , to 3.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 3.9 million in the first nine months of 2023. Telecom and IT network communications expense decreased 136,000, or 13.0 , to 908,000 in the first nine months of 2024 from 1.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. Consulting expense increased 146,000, or 10.3 , to 1.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 1.4 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase reflected expenses related to the Company s ongoing efforts of documenting and optimizing operational controls. Other non-interest expense increased 601,000, or 4.2 , to 14.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 14.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. The 601,000 increase reflected a 1.2 million loss from a transaction processing delay and a 989,000 increase in OREO expense offset by the following decreases: (i) regulatory examination fees of 272,000 and (ii) other operating taxes of 359,000. The 989,000 increase in OREO expense, reflected expenses on the 39.4 million apartment property transferred to OREO in the second quarter of 2024, as described in Note 6. Loans. The balance as of September 30, 2024 was 40.3 million. 

 50 

Income Taxes Income tax expense was 54.1 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 49.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in income, substantially all of which is subject to income tax. A 25.1 effective tax rate in 2024 and a 24.9 effective tax rate in 2023 primarily reflected a 21 federal tax rate and the impact of various state income taxes. Liquidity Liquidity defines our ability to generate funds at a reasonable cost to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals, satisfy borrowing needs and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Maintaining an adequate level of liquidity depends on the institution s ability to efficiently meet both expected and unexpected cash flows without adversely affecting daily operations or financial condition. The Company s liquidity management policy requirements include sustaining defined liquidity minimums, concentration monitoring and management, stress testing, contingency planning and related oversight. Based on our sources of funding and liquidity discussed below, we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources available for our needs in the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. We invest the funds we do not need for daily operations primarily in overnight federal funds or in our interest-bearing account at the Federal Reserve. We actively monitor our positions and contingent funding sources daily. Our primary source of funding has been deposits. Average total deposits increased by 720.9 million, or 11.5 , to 7.01 billion for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase reflected the planned exit of higher cost deposits. Federal Reserve average balances decreased to 247.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 639.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease reflected approximately 900 million of securities purchases in April 2024 as discussed under Asset and Liability Management in this MD A. Additionally, as a result of those purchases, we have increased the use of FHLB advances to partially fund such purchases, at least temporarily, and those advances averaged approximately 73.5 million for third quarter 2024. One source of contingent liquidity is available-for-sale securities, which amounted to 1.59 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 747.5 million at December 31, 2023, reflecting 900 million of securities purchases in April, 2024. In excess of 1.0 billion of these securities, including those 900 million of April 2024 purchases, can be pledged to facilitate extensions of credit in addition to loans already pledged against lines of credit, as discussed later in this section. At September 30, 2024, outstanding loans amounted to 5.91 billion, compared to 5.36 billion at the prior year end, an increase of 545.5 million representing a use of funds. Commercial loans, at fair value, decreased to 252.0 million from 332.8 million between those respective dates, a decrease of 80.8 million, which provided funding. In 2019 and previous years, these loans were generally originated for securitization and sale, but in 2020 we decided to retain such loans on the balance sheet. While we suspended originating such loans after the first quarter of 2020, we resumed originations, which consist primarily of non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans, in the third quarter of 2021. Such originations are held for investment and are included in Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs on the balance sheet. Accordingly, commercial loans, at fair value will continue to run off. Our liquidity planning has not previously placed undue reliance on securitizations, and while our future planning excludes the impact of securitizations, other liquidity sources, primarily deposits, are determined to be adequate. While we do not have a traditional branch system, we believe that our core deposits, which include our demand, interest checking, savings and money market accounts, have similar characteristics to those of a bank with a branch system. The majority of our deposit accounts are obtained with the assistance of third-parties and as a result have historically been classified as brokered by the FDIC. Prior to December 2020, FDIC guidance for classification of deposit accounts as brokered was relatively broad, and generally included accounts which were referred to or placed with the institution by other companies. If the Bank ceases to be categorized as well capitalized under banking regulations, it will be prohibited from accepting, renewing or rolling over any of its deposits classified as brokered without the consent of the FDIC. In such a case, the FDIC s refusal to grant consent to our accepting, renewing or rolling over brokered deposits could effectively restrict or eliminate the ability of the Bank to operate its business lines as presently conducted. In December 2020, the FDIC issued a new regulation which, in the third quarter of 2021, resulted in the majority of our deposits being reclassified from brokered to non-brokered. On July 30, 2024, the FDIC proposed a regulation eliminating certain automatic exceptions which resulted in the reclassification of significant amounts of our deposits from brokered to non-brokered as a result of the December 2020 rules changes, while retaining the ability of financial institutions to reapply. If the proposed regulation is adopted, significant amounts of our deposits could be reclassified as brokered, which could also result in an increase in our federal deposit insurance rate and expense. Of our total deposits of 6.93 billion as of September 30, 2024, 586.8 million were classified as brokered and an estimated 485.3 million were not insured by FDIC insurance, which requires identification of the depositor and is limited to 250,000 per identified depositor. Uninsured accounts may represent a greater liquidity risk than FDIC-insured accounts should large depositors withdraw funds as a result of negative financial developments either at the Bank or in the economy. Significant amounts of our uninsured deposits are comprised of small balances, such as anonymous gift cards and corporate incentive cards for which there is no identified depositor. We do not believe that such uninsured accounts present a significant liquidity risk. Certain components of our deposits experience seasonality, creating greater excess liquidity at certain times. The largest deposit inflows occur in the first quarter of the year when certain of our accounts are credited with tax refund payments from the U.S. Treasury. 

 51 

While consumer deposit accounts, including prepaid and debit card accounts, comprise the vast majority of our funding needs, we maintain secured borrowing lines with the FHLB and the Federal Reserve. Our collateralized line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank had available accessible capacity of 1.97 billion as of September 30, 2024, and was collateralized by loans. We have also pledged in excess of 2.21 billion of multifamily loans to the FHLB. As a result, we have approximately 1.11 billion of availability on that line of credit which we can also access at any time. There was 135.0 million drawn against the FHLB line at September 30, 2024 . We expect to continue to maintain our facilities with the FHLB and Federal Reserve. As a holding company conducting substantially all our business through our subsidiaries, the Company s near-term need for liquidity consists principally of cash for required interest payments on our subordinated debentures, consisting of 2038 Debentures, and senior debt, consisting of 100.0 million senior notes with an interest rate of 4.75 and maturing in August 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). Semi-annual interest payments on the 2025 Senior Notes are approximately 2.4 million, and quarterly interest payments on the 2038 Debentures are approximately 300,000. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash reserves of approximately 8.9 million at the holding company. Stock repurchases are funded by dividends from the Bank, as are interest payments on the above debt instruments. Stock repurchases may be terminated at any time. The holding company s sources of liquidity are primarily comprised of dividends paid by the Bank to the Company, and the issuance of debt. Included in our cash and cash-equivalents at September 30, 2024 were 47.1 million of interest-earning deposits which primarily consisted of deposits with the Federal Reserve. In 2024, 179.9 million of redemptions were exceeded by purchases of 969.4 million of securities. We had outstanding commitments to fund loans, including unused lines of credit, of 1.77 billion and 1.79 billion as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The majority of our commitments are variable rate and originate with SBLOC. The recorded amount of such commitments has, for many accounts, been based on the full amount of collateral in a customer s investment account. The funding requirements for such commitments occur on a measured basis over time and would be funded by normal deposit growth. Additionally, these loans are demand loans and as such, represent a contingent source of funding. Capital Resources and Requirements We must comply with capital adequacy guidelines issued by our regulators. A bank must, in general, have a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5.00 , a ratio of Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 10.0 and a ratio of common equity tier 1 to risk weighted assets of 6.5 to be considered well capitalized. The Tier I leverage ratio is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets for the quarter. Tier I capital includes common shareholders equity, certain qualifying perpetual preferred stock and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less intangibles. At September 30, 2024, the Bank was well capitalized under banking regulations. The following table sets forth our regulatory capital amounts and ratios for the periods indicated: Tier 1 capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Common equity to average to risk-weighted to risk-weighted tier 1 to risk assets ratio assets ratio assets ratio weighted assets As of September 30, 2024 The Bancorp, Inc. 9.86 13.62 14.19 13.62 The Bancorp Bank, National Association 10.94 15.11 15.67 15.11 "Well capitalized" institution (under federal regulations-Basel III) 5.00 8.00 10.00 6.50 As of December 31, 2023 The Bancorp, Inc. 11.19 15.66 16.23 15.66 The Bancorp Bank, National Association 12.37 17.35 17.92 17.35 "Well capitalized" institution (under federal regulations-Basel III) 5.00 8.00 10.00 6.50 
 Asset and Liability Management The management of rate sensitive assets and liabilities is essential to controlling interest rate risk and optimizing interest margins. An interest rate sensitive asset or liability is one that, within a defined time period, either matures or experiences an interest rate change in line with general market rates. Interest rate sensitivity measures the relative volatility of an institution s interest margin resulting from changes in market interest rates. While it is difficult to predict the impact of inflation and responsive Federal Reserve rate changes on our net interest income, the Federal Reserve has historically utilized increases in the overnight federal funds rate as one tool in fighting inflation. As a result of high rates of inflation, the Federal Reserve raised rates in each quarter of 2022 and in the first three quarters of 2023. In the third quarter of 2024 the Federal Reserve began lowering rates. Our largest funding source, prepaid and debit card deposit accounts, contractually adjusts to only a portion of increases or decreases in rates which are largely determined by such Federal Reserve actions. That pricing has generally supported the maintenance of a balance sheet for which net interest income tends to increase with increases in rates. While deposits reprice to only a portion of Federal Reserve rate changes, such changes are immediate. Interest-earning 

 52 

assets, comprised primarily of loans and securities, tend to adjust more fully to rate increases at lagged contractual pricing intervals. The majority of our loans and securities are variable rate and generally reprice monthly or quarterly, although some reprice over several years. Additionally, the impact of loan interest rate floors which must be exceeded before rates on certain loans increase, may result in decreases in net interest income with lesser increases in rates. Cumulative 2022 Federal Reserve interest rate increases resulted in contractual rates on loans generally exceeding rate floors beginning in the second quarter of 2022. We have adopted policies designed to manage net interest income and preserve capital over a broad range of interest rate movements. To effectively administer the policies and to monitor our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, we maintain an asset/liability committee, consisting of the Bank s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Credit Officer and others. This committee meets quarterly to review our financial results, develop strategies to optimize margins and to respond to market conditions. The primary goal of our policies is to optimize margins and manage interest rate risk, subject to overall policy constraints for prudent management of interest rate risk. We monitor, manage and control interest rate risk through a variety of techniques, including the use of traditional interest rate sensitivity analysis (also known as gap analysis and an interest rate risk management model. With the interest rate risk management model, we project future net interest income and then estimate the effect of various changes in interest rates on that projected net interest income. We also use the interest rate risk management model to calculate the change in net portfolio value over a range of interest rate change scenarios. Traditional gap analysis involves arranging our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities by repricing periods and then computing the difference (or interest rate sensitivity gap between the assets and liabilities that we estimate will reprice during each time period and cumulatively through the end of each time period. Both interest rate sensitivity modeling and gap analysis are done at a specific point in time and involve a variety of significant estimates and assumptions. Interest rate sensitivity modeling requires, among other things, estimates of how much and when yields and costs on individual categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities will respond to general changes in market rates, future cash flows and discount rates. Gap analysis requires estimates as to when individual categories of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities will re-price, and assumes that assets and liabilities assigned to the same repricing period will reprice at the same time and in the same amount. Gap analysis does not account for the fact that repricing of assets and liabilities is discretionary and subject to competitive and other pressures. A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest rate sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities. A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities exceeds interest rate sensitive assets. During a period of falling interest rates, a positive gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income, while a negative gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income. During a period of rising interest rates, a positive gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income while a negative gap would tend to affect net interest income adversely. The following table sets forth the estimated maturity or repricing structure of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2024. Except as stated below, the amounts of assets or liabilities shown which reprice or mature during a particular period were determined in accordance with the contractual terms of each asset or liability. The majority of transaction and savings balances are assumed to be core deposits, or deposits that will generally remain with us regardless of market interest rates. We estimate the repricing characteristics of these deposits based on historical performance, past experience, judgmental predictions and other deposit behavior assumptions. However, we may choose not to reprice liabilities proportionally to changes in market interest rates for competitive or other reasons. Additionally, although non-interest-bearing transaction accounts are not paid interest, we estimate certain of the balances will reprice as a result of the contractual fees that are paid to the affinity groups which are based upon a rate index, and therefore are included in interest expense. We have adjusted the transaction account balances in the table downward, to better reflect the impact of their partial adjustment to changes in rates. Loans and security balances, which adjust more fully to market rate changes, are based upon actual balances. The table does not assume any prepayment of fixed-rate loans and mortgage-backed securities are scheduled based on their anticipated cash flow, including prepayments based on historical data and current market trends. The table does not necessarily indicate the impact of general interest rate movements on our net interest income because the repricing and related behavior of certain categories of assets and liabilities (for example, prepayments of loans and withdrawal of deposits) is beyond our control. As a result, certain assets and liabilities indicated as repricing within a stated period may in fact reprice at different times and at different rate levels. For instance, the majority of REBL loans are variable rate with floors, but prepayments may offset the benefit of such floors in decreasing rate environments. 

 53 

1-90 91-364 1-3 3-5 Over 5 Days Days Years Years Years (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Commercial loans, at fair value 97,651 70,063 36,693 45,639 1,958 Loans, net of deferred loan fees and costs 3,272,423 361,862 1,412,639 661,164 198,528 Investment securities 287,224 90,039 113,612 222,872 874,542 Interest-earning deposits 47,105 Total interest-earning assets 3,704,403 521,964 1,562,944 929,675 1,075,028 Interest-bearing liabilities: Transaction accounts as adjusted (1) 3,422,064 Savings and money market 81,624 Short-term borrowings 135,000 Senior debt and subordinated debentures 13,401 96,125 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,652,089 96,125 Gap 52,314 425,839 1,562,944 929,675 1,075,028 Cumulative gap 52,314 478,153 2,041,097 2,970,772 4,045,800 Gap to assets ratio 1 5 19 12 13 Cumulative gap to assets ratio 1 6 25 37 50 
 (1) Transaction accounts are comprised primarily of demand deposits. While demand deposits are non-interest-bearing, related fees paid to affinity groups may reprice according to specified indices. The methods used to analyze interest rate sensitivity in this table have a number of limitations. Certain assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in interest rates even though they reprice or mature in the same or similar time periods. The interest rates on certain assets and liabilities may change at different times than market interest rates, with some changing in advance of changes in market rates and some lagging behind changes in market rates. Additionally, the actual prepayments and withdrawals we experience when interest rates change may deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the data shown in the table. Accordingly, actual results can and often do differ from projections. We believe that the assumptions utilized in evaluating our estimated net interest income are reasonable; however, the interest rate sensitivity of our assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments, as well as the estimated effect of changes in interest rates on estimated net interest income, could vary substantially if different assumptions are used or actual experience differs from presumed behavior of various deposit and loan categories. The following table shows the effects of interest rate shocks on our net portfolio value described as Market Value of Portfolio Equity MVPE and net interest income. Rate shocks assume that current interest rates change immediately and sustain parallel shifts. For interest rate increases or decreases of 100 and 200 basis points, our policy includes a guideline that our MVPE ratio should not decrease more than 10 and 15 , respectively, and that net interest income should not decrease more than 10 and 15 , respectively. As illustrated in the following table, we complied with our asset/liability policy guidelines at September 30, 2024. While our modeling suggests that rate increases of 100 and 200 basis points will have a positive impact on net interest income (as shown in the table below), the actual amount of such increase cannot be determined, and there can be no assurance any increase will be realized. Because the Company has emphasized variable rate instruments in its loan and investment portfolios, it tends to benefit from higher interest rate environments. As a result of the Federal Reserve rate increases in 2022 and 2023, net interest income has increased and exceeded prior period levels. Future Federal Reserve rate reductions may result in a return to lower net interest income levels. In April 2024, the Company purchased approximately 900 million of fixed rate commercial and residential mortgage securities of varying maturities to reduce its exposure to lower levels of net interest income, in anticipation of Federal Reserve rate reductions. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve began to lower rates. Such purchases would also reduce the additional net interest income which would result should the Federal Reserve increase rates. Those purchases had respective estimated weighted average yields and lives of approximately 5.11 and eight years. Net portfolio value at Net interest income September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Percentage Percentage Rate scenario Amount change Amount change (Dollars in thousands) +200 basis points 1,290,352 (0.18 398,838 3.24 +100 basis points 1,291,651 (0.08 392,592 1.62 Flat rate 1,292,728 386,330 -100 basis points 1,281,804 (0.85 379,965 (1.65 -200 basis points 1,262,175 (2.36 374,342 (3.10 

54 

Financial Condition General. Our total assets at September 30, 2024 were 8.09 billion, of which our total loans were 5.91 billion, and our commercial loans, at fair value, were 252.0 million. At December 31, 2023, our total assets were 7.71 billion, of which our total loans were 5.36 billion, and our commercial loans, at fair value were 332.8 million. The increase in assets reflected an increase in available-for-sale securities, which resulted from the previously discussed 900 million of April 2024 securities purchases. The increase also reflected loan growth in various loan categories, which offset decreases both in SBLOC and IBLOC loan balances and in commercial loans, at fair value as that portfolio continues to run off. Interest-earning Deposits At September 30, 2024, we had a total of 47.1 million of interest-earning deposits compared to 1.03 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 986.2 million. These deposits were comprised primarily of balances at the Federal Reserve. The decrease reflected the utilization of these overnight balances for the aforementioned securities purchases in the second quarter of 2024. Investment Portfolio For detailed information on the composition and maturity distribution of our investment portfolio, see Note 5. Investment Securities to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein . Total investment securities increased to 1.59 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 840.8 million, or 112.5 , from December 31, 2023, as a result of the aforementioned 900 million of securities purchases in April 2024. Under the accounting guidance related to CECL, changes in fair value of securities unrelated to credit losses continue to be recognized through equity. However, credit-related losses are recognized through an allowance, rather than through a reduction in the amortized cost of the security. CECL accounting guidance also permits the reversal of allowances for credit deterioration in future periods based on improvements in credit, which was not included in previous guidance. Generally, a security s credit-related loss is the difference between its amortized cost basis and the best estimate of its expected future cash flows discounted at the security s effective yield. That difference is recognized through the income statement, as with prior guidance, but is renamed a provision for credit loss. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized no credit-related losses on our portfolio. Investments in FHLB, ACBB and Federal Reserve Bank stock are recorded at cost and amounted to 21.7 million at September 30, 2024 and 15.6 million at December 31, 2023. Each of these institutions require their correspondent banking institutions to hold stock as a condition of membership. The Bank s conversion to a national charter required the purchase of 11.0 million of Federal Reserve Bank stock in September 2022. Additionally, in the second quarter of 2023, we joined the FHLB of Des Moines, which required a 9.1 million purchase of stock. While a fixed stock amount is required by each of these institutions, the FHLB stock requirement increases or decreases with the level of borrowing activity. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 no investment securities were encumbered, as lines of credit established for borrowings were collateralized by loans. The following table shows the contractual maturity distribution and the weighted average yield of our investment portfolio securities as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands). The weighted average yield was calculated by dividing the amount of individual securities to total securities in each category, multiplying by the yield of the individual security and adding the results of those individual computations. After After Zero one to five to Over to one Average five Average ten Average ten Average Available-for-sale year yield years yield years yield years yield Total U.S. Government agency securities 1,128 2.48 6,550 2.79 14,870 4.95 8,470 3.86 31,018 Asset-backed securities 2,748 7.07 10,565 6.88 178,605 6.84 45,006 6.64 236,924 Tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions (1) 1,000 3.10 1,869 2.65 2,017 3.87 3,045 4.50 7,931 Taxable obligations of states and political subdivisions 14,708 3.15 19,125 3.42 1,174 4.33 35,007 Residential mortgage-backed securities 279 2.60 5,096 4.55 458,233 5.01 463,608 Collateralized mortgage obligation securities 4,302 2.75 14 3.39 24,177 3.93 28,493 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 41,650 2.37 88,207 3.45 538,883 4.82 116,568 4.21 785,308 Total 61,234 130,897 740,659 655,499 1,588,289 Weighted average yield 2.78 3.65 5.30 4.92 
 (1) If adjusted to their taxable equivalents, yields would approximate 3.92 , 3.35 , 4.90 , and 5.70 for zero to one year, one to five years, five to ten years, and over ten years, respectively, at a federal tax rate of 21 . 

 55 

Prior to 2020, the Company sponsored the structuring of commercial mortgage loan securitizations, and in 2020, the Company decided not to pursue additional securitizations. The loans previously sold to the commercial mortgage-backed securitizations were transitional commercial mortgage loans made to improve and rehabilitate existing properties which already had cash flow. Servicing rights were not retained. Each of the securitizations is considered a variable interest entity of which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Further, true sale accounting has been applicable to each of the securitizations, as supported by a review performed by an independent third-party consultant. In each of the securitizations, the Company obtained a tranche of certificates which are accounted for as available-for-sale debt securities. The securities were recorded at fair value at acquisition, which was determined by an independent third-party based on the discounted cash flow method using unobservable (level 3) inputs. Of the six securities purchased by the Bank from our securitizations, all have been repaid except one issued by CRE-2, which is included in the commercial mortgage-backed securities classification in investment securities. As of September 30, 2024, the principal balance of the Bank s CRE-2-issued security was 12.6 million, and it is subordinate to the repayment of a senior tranche with a remaining balance of 1.5 million and servicer obligations of 2.0 million. Thus, a total of 16.1 million is required for the Bank s tranche to be repaid. The sole repayment source for the 16.1 million consists of the disposition of a suburban office building in New Jersey and a retail facility in Missouri. In the second quarter of 2024, the Bank received updated appraisals from the servicer for both properties which lowered estimated combined appraised values to 23.7 million. The excess of the 23.7 million appraised values over the 16.1 million to be repaid provides repayment protection for the Bank-owned tranche and accrued interest thereon. As a result of the reduced excess of appraised value over the Bank s principal and accruing interest, the 12.6 million principal was placed in nonaccrual status and 1.3 million was reversed from securities interest in the second quarter of 2024. While the appraised values allocable to the Bank s security exceed the principal and unpaid interest, there can be no assurance as to the amounts received upon the servicer s disposition of these properties, which will reflect additional servicing fees, actual disposition prices and other disposition costs. The New Jersey suburban office complex is being marketed by the debtor in possession who expects a contract for sale by the end of 2024. The Missouri retail facility is held as real estate owned by the security s trust and a sale is in process. Commercial Loans, at Fair Value Commercial loans, at fair value are comprised of non-SBA commercial real estate loans and SBA loans which had been originated for sale or securitization through the first quarter of 2020, and which are now being held on the balance sheet. SBA loans are valued on a pooled basis and commercial real estate bridge loans are valued individually. Commercial loans, at fair value decreased to 252.0 million at September 30, 2024 from 332.8 million at December 31, 2023, primarily reflecting the impact of loan repayments as this portfolio runs off. These loans continue to be accounted for at fair value. In the third quarter of 2021 we resumed originating non-SBA commercial real estate loans, after suspending such originations in the first quarter of 2020. These originations reflect lending criteria similar to the existing loan portfolio and are primarily comprised of multifamily (apartment buildings) collateral. The new originations, which are intended to be held for investment, are accounted for at amortized cost. Loan Portfolio. Total loans increased to 5.91 billion at September 30, 2024 from 5.36 billion at December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes our loan portfolio, excluding loans held at fair value, by loan category for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 SBL non-real estate 179,915 137,752 SBL commercial mortgage 665,608 606,986 SBL construction 30,158 22,627 SBLs 875,681 767,365 Direct lease financing 711,836 685,657 SBLOC / IBLOC (1) 1,543,215 1,627,285 Advisor financing (2) 248,422 221,612 Real estate bridge loans 2,189,761 1,999,782 Consumer fintech (3) 280,092 Other loans (4) 46,586 50,638 5,895,593 5,352,339 Unamortized loan fees and costs 11,023 8,800 Total loans, including unamortized loan fees and costs 5,906,616 5,361,139 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 SBLs, including costs net of deferred fees of 9,582 and 9,502 for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 885,263 776,867 SBLs included in commercial loans, at fair value 93,888 119,287 Total SBLs (5) 979,151 896,154 
 (1) SBLOC are collateralized by marketable securities, while IBLOC, are collateralized by the cash surrender value of insurance policies. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, IBLOC loans amounted to 554.0 million and 646.9 million, respectively. 

 56 

(2) In 2020, we began originating loans to investment advisors for purposes of debt refinancing, acquisition of another firm or internal succession. Maximum loan amounts are subject to LTV ratios of 70 of the business enterprise value based on a third-party valuation but may be increased depending upon the debt service coverage ratio. Personal guarantees and blanket business liens are obtained as appropriate. (3) Consumer fintech loans included 111.0 million of secured credit card loans, with the balance consisting of other short-term extensions of credit.. (4) Includes demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances totaling 960,000 and 1.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Estimated overdraft charge-offs and recoveries are reflected in the ACL and are immaterial. (5) The SBLs held at fair value are comprised of the government guaranteed portion of 7(a) Program loans at the dates indicated. The following table summarizes our SBL portfolio, including loans held at fair value, by loan category as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Loan principal U.S. government guaranteed portion of SBA loans (1) 392,066 PPP loans (1) 1,594 Commercial mortgage SBA (2) 348,585 Construction SBA (3) 10,461 Non-guaranteed portion of U.S. government guaranteed 7(a) Program loans (4) 114,396 Non-SBA SBLs 72,617 Other (5) 28,527 Total principal 968,246 Unamortized fees and costs 10,905 Total SBLs 979,151 
 (1) Includes the portion of SBA 7(a) Program loans and PPP loans which have been guaranteed by the U.S. government, and therefore are assumed to have no credit risk. (2) Substantially all these loans are made under the 504 Program, which dictates origination date LTV percentages, generally 50-60 , to which The Bancorp adheres. (3) Includes 9.2 million in 504 Program first mortgages with an origination date LTV of 50-60 and 1.3 million in SBA interim loans with an approved SBA post-construction full takeout/payoff. (4) Includes the unguaranteed portion of 7(a) Program loans which are generally 70 or more guaranteed by the U.S. government. SBA 7(a) Program loans are not made on the basis of real estate LTV; however, they are subject to SBA's "All Available Collateral" rule which mandates that to the extent a borrower or its 20 or greater principals have available collateral (including personal residences), the collateral must be pledged to fully collateralize the loan, after applying SBA-determined liquidation rates. In addition, all 7(a) Program loans and 504 Program loans require the personal guaranty of all 20 or greater owners. (5) Comprised of 28.5 million of loans sold that do not qualify for true sale accounting. The following table summarizes our SBL portfolio, excluding the government guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) Program loans and PPP loans, by loan type as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage (1) SBL construction (1) SBL non-real estate Total Total Hotels (except casino hotels) and motels 87,636 71 16 87,723 16 Funeral homes and funeral services 20,240 27,623 47,863 9 Full-service restaurants 29,339 1,969 1,826 33,134 6 Child day care services 23,153 1,011 1,395 25,559 5 Car washes 16,363 3,869 89 20,321 4 General line grocery merchant wholesalers 17,302 17,302 3 Homes for the elderly 15,840 68 15,908 3 Outpatient mental health and substance abuse centers 15,326 216 15,542 3 Gasoline stations with convenience stores 14,246 244 141 14,631 3 Fitness and recreational sports centers 7,663 2,341 10,004 2 Nursing care facilities 9,467 9,467 2 Lawyer's office 9,119 9,119 2 Limited-service restaurants 3,599 927 3,062 7,588 1 Caterers 7,157 15 7,172 1 All other specialty trade contractors 6,728 315 7,043 1 General warehousing and storage 6,346 6,346 1 Appliance repair and maintenance 5,833 5,833 1 Other accounting services 5,258 377 5,635 1 Plumbing, heating, and air-conditioning contractors 4,636 838 5,474 1 Other miscellaneous durable goods merchant 4,703 4,703 1 Packaged frozen food merchant wholesalers 4,671 4,671 1 Lessors of nonresidential buildings (except miniwarehouses) 4,659 4,659 1 Other technical and trade schools 4,649 4,649 1 All other amusement and recreation industries 3,861 43 235 4,139 1 Other (2) 135,766 8,223 27,585 171,574 30 Total 463,560 16,357 66,142 546,059 100 

57 

(1) Of the SBL commercial mortgage and SBL construction loans, 120.8 million represents the total of the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) Program loans and non-SBA loans. The balance of those categories represents SBA 504 Program loans with 50 -60 origination date LTVs. SBL Commercial excludes 28.5 million of loans sold that do not qualify for true sale accounting. (2) Loan types of less than 3.8 million are spread over approximately one hundred different business types. The following table summarizes our SBL portfolio, excluding the government guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) Program loans and PPP loans, by state as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): SBL commercial mortgage (1) SBL construction (1) SBL non-real estate Total Total California 125,939 2,781 4,643 133,363 24 Florida 75,897 5,105 3,746 84,748 16 North Carolina 44,895 927 4,593 50,415 9 New York 32,192 71 1,884 34,147 6 Pennsylvania 20,066 13,240 33,306 6 Texas 21,238 3,095 6,078 30,411 6 New Jersey 21,429 267 7,119 28,815 5 Georgia 25,383 1,760 1,162 28,305 5 Other States 96,521 2,351 23,677 122,549 23 Total 463,560 16,357 66,142 546,059 100 
 (1) Of the SBL commercial mortgage and SBL construction loans, 120.8 million represents the total of the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) Program loans and non-SBA loans. The balance of those categories represents SBA 504 Program loans with 50 -60 origination date LTVs. SBL Commercial excludes 28.5 million of loans sold that do not qualify for true sale accounting. The following table summarizes the ten largest loans in our SBL portfolio, all commercial mortgages, including loans held at fair value, as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Type (1) State SBL commercial mortgage General line grocery merchant wholesalers California 13,406 Funeral homes and funeral services Pennsylvania 12,511 Outpatient mental health and substance abuse center Florida 9,825 Funeral homes and funeral services Maine 8,394 Hotel Florida 8,213 Lawyer's office California 7,956 Hotel Virginia 6,889 Hotel North Carolina 6,634 General warehousing and storage Pennsylvania 6,346 Appliance repair and maintenance New York 5,833 Total 86,007 
 (1) The table above does not include loans to the extent that they are U.S. government guaranteed . Commercial real estate loans, primarily real estate bridge loans and excluding SBA loans, were as follows as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): # Loans Balance Weighted average origination date LTV Weighted average interest rate Real estate bridge loans (multifamily apartment loans recorded at amortized cost) (1) 172 2,189,761 70 9.13 Non-SBA commercial real estate loans, at fair value: Multifamily (apartment bridge loans) (1) 7 113,009 74 7.98 Hospitality (hotels and lodging) 2 27,344 65 9.82 Retail 2 12,256 72 8.19 Other 2 9,210 72 5.01 13 161,819 72 8.14 Fair value adjustment (3,704) Total non-SBA commercial real estate loans, at fair value 158,115 Total commercial real estate loans 2,347,876 70 9.07 
 (1) In the third quarter of 2021, we resumed the origination of bridge loans for multifamily apartment rehabilitation. These are similar to the multifamily apartment loans carried at fair value, but at origination are intended to be held on the balance sheet, so they are not accounted for at fair value . In addition to as is origination date appraisals, on which the weighted average origination date LTVs are based, third-party appraisers also estimated as stabilized values, which represents additional potential collateral value as rehabilitation progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates. The weighted average origination date as stabilized LTV was estimated at 61 . 

 58 

The following table summarizes our commercial real estate loans, primarily real estate bridge loans and excluding SBA loans, by state as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Balance Origination date LTV Texas 735,320 71 Georgia 261,609 70 Florida 230,491 68 Michigan 135,879 68 Indiana 108,411 70 New Jersey 106,875 69 Ohio 92,387 66 Other States each 676,904 71 Total 2,347,876 70 
 The following table summarizes our fifteen largest commercial real estate loans, primarily real estate bridge loans and excluding SBA loans, as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands). All of these loans are multifamily loans. Balance Origination date LTV Texas 45,520 75 Tennessee 40,000 72 Michigan 38,158 62 Texas 37,259 64 Texas 36,318 67 Florida 34,850 72 Pennsylvania 33,600 63 Indiana 33,588 76 New Jersey 33,552 62 Texas 32,812 62 Michigan 32,500 79 Oklahoma 31,153 78 Texas 31,050 77 New Jersey 30,865 71 Michigan 30,441 66 15 largest commercial real estate loans 521,666 70 
 The following table summarizes our institutional banking portfolio by type as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Type Principal of total SBLOC 989,263 55 IBLOC 553,952 31 Advisor financing 248,422 14 Total 1,791,637 100 
 For SBLOC, we generally lend up to 50 of the value of equities and 80 for investment grade securities. While the value of equities has fallen in excess of 30 in recent years, the reduction in collateral value of brokerage accounts collateralizing SBLOCs generally has been less. This is because many collateral accounts are balanced and accordingly, have a component of debt securities, which have either not decreased in value as much as equities, or in some cases may have increased in value. Further, many of these accounts have the benefit of professional investment advisors who provided some protection against market downturns, through diversification and other means. Additionally, borrowers often utilize only a portion of collateral value, which lowers the percentage of principal to the market value of collateral. The following table summarizes our ten largest SBLOC loans as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Principal amount Principal to collateral 9,465 41 8,319 84 8,031 62 7,904 63 7,356 44 5,334 57 5,204 65 4,996 58 4,962 56 4,894 43 Total and weighted average 66,465 58 

59 

IBLOC loans are backed by the cash value of life insurance policies which have been assigned to us. We generally lend up to 95 of such cash value. Our underwriting standards require approval of the insurance companies which carry the policies backing these loans. Currently, fifteen insurance companies have been approved and, as of October 17, 2024, all were rated A- or better by AM Best. The following table summarizes our direct lease financing portfolio by type as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Principal balance (1) Total Government agencies and public institutions (2) 131,396 18 Construction 112,187 16 Waste management and remediation services 96,770 14 Real estate and rental and leasing 86,310 12 Health care and social assistance 28,952 4 Other services (except public administration) 21,975 3 Professional, scientific, and technical services 21,527 3 General freight trucking 21,244 3 Finance and insurance 13,580 2 Transit and other transportation 12,788 2 Wholesale trade 9,936 1 Educational services 6,859 1 Other and non-classified 148,312 21 Total 711,836 100 
 (1) Of the total 711.8 million of direct lease financing, 648.3 million consisted of vehicle leases with the remaining balance consisting of equipment leases. (2) Includes public universities and school districts. The following table summarizes our direct lease financing portfolio by state as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Principal balance Total Florida 107,511 15 New York 69,514 10 Utah 57,858 8 California 48,736 7 Connecticut 45,232 6 Pennsylvania 41,826 6 New Jersey 39,198 6 North Carolina 36,363 5 Maryland 35,652 5 Texas 25,618 4 Idaho 18,501 3 Washington 15,601 2 Ohio 13,577 2 Georgia 13,547 2 Alabama 13,484 2 Other States 129,618 17 Total 711,836 100 

60 

The following table presents loan categories by maturity for the period indicated. Actual repayments historically have, and will likely in the future, differ significantly from contractual maturities because individual borrowers generally have the right to prepay loans, with or without prepayment penalties. See Asset and Liability Management in this MD A for a discussion of interest rate risk. September 30, 2024 Within One to five After five but one year years within 15 years After 15 years Total (Dollars in thousands) SBL non-real estate 625 28,999 180,520 1,043 211,187 SBL commercial mortgage 17,398 20,886 236,681 462,724 737,689 SBL construction 3,212 2,597 24,466 30,275 Leasing 113,061 574,735 24,772 712,568 SBLOC / IBLOC 1,549,339 1,549,339 Advisor financing 705 86,656 164,284 251,645 Real estate bridge lending 1,181,641 999,731 2,181,372 Consumer fintech 280,092 280,092 Other loans 25,747 4,124 2,749 13,715 46,335 Loans at fair value excluding SBL 101,122 55,390 1,606 158,118 3,272,942 1,770,521 613,209 501,948 6,158,620 Loan maturities after one year with: Fixed rates SBL non-real estate 2,699 3,007 5,706 SBL commercial mortgage 11,487 2,886 14,373 Leasing 574,735 21,113 595,848 Advisor financing 86,253 162,574 248,827 Real estate bridge lending 735,576 735,576 Other loans 3,463 1,532 11,437 16,432 Loans at fair value excluding SBL 55,390 55,390 Total loans at fixed rates 1,469,603 191,112 11,437 1,672,152 Variable rates SBL non-real estate 26,300 177,513 1,043 204,856 SBL commercial mortgage 9,399 233,795 462,724 705,918 SBL construction 2,597 24,466 27,063 Leasing 3,659 3,659 Advisor financing 403 1,710 2,113 Real estate bridge lending 264,155 264,155 Other loans 661 1,217 2,278 4,156 Loans at fair value excluding SBL 1,606 1,606 Total at variable rates 300,918 422,097 490,511 1,213,526 Total 1,770,521 613,209 501,948 2,885,678 
 Allowance for Credit Losses We review the adequacy of our ACL on at least a quarterly basis to determine a provision for credit losses to maintain our ACL at a level we believe is appropriate to recognize current expected credit losses . Our Chief Credit Officer oversees the loan review department, which measures the adequacy of the ACL independently of loan production officers . For detailed information on the ACL methodology, see Note 6. Loans to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein . At September 30, 2024, the ACL amounted to 31.0 million, which represented a 3.6 million increase compared to the 27.4 million ACL at December 31, 2023. The increase reflected the impact of a new qualitative factor for classified REBL loans, as the provision for credit losses was accordingly increased by 2.0 million in the third quarter of 2024. The increase also reflected the impact of higher leasing net charge-offs. 

 61 

A detail of the changes in the ACL by loan category and summary of loans evaluated individually and collectively for credit deterioration is as follows (dollars in thousands): September 30, 2024 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Deferred fees and costs Total Beginning 1/1/2024 6,059 2,820 285 10,454 813 1,662 4,740 545 27,378 Charge-offs (431) (3,625) (16) (4,072) Recoveries 102 279 1 382 Provision (credit) (757) 252 26 5,404 (41) 201 2,387 (156) 7,316 Ending balance 4,973 3,072 311 12,512 772 1,863 7,127 374 31,004 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 585 931 117 1,867 3,500 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 4,388 2,141 194 10,645 772 1,863 7,127 374 27,504 Loans: Ending balance 179,915 665,608 30,158 711,836 1,543,215 248,422 2,189,761 280,092 46,586 11,023 5,906,616 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 3,113 4,898 1,585 3,919 12,300 222 26,037 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 176,802 660,710 28,573 707,917 1,543,215 248,422 2,177,461 280,092 46,364 11,023 5,880,579 
 December 31, 2023 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Deferred fees and costs Total Beginning 1/1/2023 5,028 2,585 565 7,972 1,167 1,293 3,121 643 22,374 Charge-offs (871) (76) (3,666) (24) (3) (4,640) Recoveries 475 75 330 299 1,179 Provision (credit) 1,427 236 (280) 5,818 (330) 369 1,619 (394) 8,465 Ending balance 6,059 2,820 285 10,454 813 1,662 4,740 545 27,378 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 670 343 44 1,827 4 2,888 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 5,389 2,477 241 8,627 813 1,662 4,740 541 24,490 Loans: Ending balance 137,752 606,986 22,627 685,657 1,627,285 221,612 1,999,782 50,638 8,800 5,361,139 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 1,919 2,381 3,385 3,785 362 11,832 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 135,833 604,605 19,242 681,872 1,627,285 221,612 1,999,782 50,276 8,800 5,349,307 

62 

September 30, 2023 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Deferred fees and costs Total Beginning 1/1/2023 5,028 2,585 565 7,972 1,167 1,293 3,121 643 22,374 Charge-offs (871) (2,804) (3) (3,678) Recoveries 446 75 220 299 1,040 Provision (credit) 1,250 19 (323) 3,583 (291) 203 335 (367) 4,409 Ending balance 5,853 2,679 242 8,971 876 1,496 3,456 572 24,145 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 566 419 44 774 17 11 1,831 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 5,287 2,260 198 8,197 859 1,496 3,456 561 22,314 Loans: Ending balance 130,579 547,107 19,204 670,208 1,720,513 199,442 1,848,224 55,800 7,895 5,198,972 Ending balance: Individually evaluated for expected credit loss 1,337 2,945 3,385 3,351 475 3,919 15,412 Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for expected credit loss 129,242 544,162 15,819 666,857 1,720,038 199,442 1,848,224 51,881 7,895 5,183,560 
 A description of loan review coverage targets is set forth below. The following loan review percentages are performed over periods of eighteen to twenty-four months. At September 30, 2024, in excess of 50 of the total loan portfolio was reviewed by the loan review department or, for SBLs, rated internally by that department. In addition to the review of all loans classified as either special mention or substandard, the targeted coverages and scope of the reviews are risk-based and vary according to each portfolio as follows: SBLOC The targeted review threshold is 40 , including a sample focusing on the largest 25 of SBLOCs by commitment. A random sample of at least twenty loans will be reviewed each quarter. At September 30, 2024, approximately 49 of the SBLOC portfolio had been reviewed. IBLOC The targeted review threshold is 40 , including a sample focusing on the largest 25 of IBLOCs by commitment. A random sample of at least twenty loans will be reviewed each quarter. At September 30, 2024, approximately 57 of the IBLOC portfolio had been reviewed. Advisor Financing The targeted review threshold is 50 . At September 30, 2024, approximately 88 of the advisor financing portfolio had been reviewed. The loan balance review threshold is 1.0 million. SBLs The targeted review threshold is 60 , to be rated and/or reviewed within 90 days of funding, excluding fully guaranteed loans purchased for CRA purposes, and fully guaranteed PPP loans. The loan balance review threshold is 1.5 million and additionally includes any classified loans. At September 30, 2024, approximately 70 of the non-government guaranteed SBL loan portfolio had been reviewed. Direct Lease Financing The targeted review threshold is 35 . At September 30, 2024, approximately 57 of the leasing portfolio had been reviewed. The loan balance review threshold is 1.5 million. Commercial Real Estate Bridge Loans, at fair value and Commercial Real Estate Bridge Loans, at amortized cost (floating rate, excluding SBA, which are included in SBLs above) The targeted review threshold is 60 . Floating rate loans will be reviewed initially within 90 days of funding and will be monitored on an ongoing basis as to payment status. Subsequent reviews will be performed for relationships over 10.0 million. At September 30, 2024, approximately 100 of the floating rate, non-SBA commercial real estate bridge loans outstanding for more than 90 days had been reviewed. 

 63 

Commercial Real Estate Loans, at fair value (fixed rate, excluding SBA, which are included in SBLs above The targeted review threshold is 100 . At September 30, 2024, approximately 100 of the fixed rate, non-SBA commercial real estate loan portfolio had been reviewed. Other minor loan categories are reviewed at the discretion of the loan review department. The following tables present delinquencies by type of loan as of the dates specified (dollars in thousands): September 30, 2024 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual and non-accrual Current loans SBL non-real estate 72 322 758 3,047 4,199 175,716 179,915 SBL commercial mortgage 336 4,898 5,234 660,374 665,608 SBL construction 1,585 1,585 28,573 30,158 Direct lease financing 5,791 12,883 1,260 3,919 23,853 687,983 711,836 SBLOC / IBLOC 10,251 2,014 2,383 14,648 1,528,567 1,543,215 Advisor financing 248,422 248,422 Real estate bridge loans (1) 12,300 12,300 2,177,461 2,189,761 Consumer fintech 4,021 4 4,025 276,067 280,092 Other loans 46,586 46,586 Unamortized loan fees and costs 11,023 11,023 20,135 15,223 4,737 25,749 65,844 5,840,772 5,906,616 
 December 31, 2023 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual and non-accrual Current loans SBL non-real estate 84 333 336 1,842 2,595 135,157 137,752 SBL commercial mortgage 2,183 2,381 4,564 602,422 606,986 SBL construction 3,385 3,385 19,242 22,627 Direct lease financing 5,163 1,209 485 3,785 10,642 675,015 685,657 SBLOC / IBLOC 21,934 3,607 745 26,286 1,600,999 1,627,285 Advisor financing 221,612 221,612 Real estate bridge loans 1,999,782 1,999,782 Consumer fintech Other loans 853 76 178 132 1,239 49,399 50,638 Unamortized loan fees and costs 8,800 8,800 30,217 5,225 1,744 11,525 48,711 5,312,428 5,361,139 
 (1) The 12.3 million shown in the non-accrual column for real estate bridge loans is collateralized by apartment building property with respective 72 and 56 as is and as stabilized LTVs, respectively, based upon a May 2024 appraisal. As stabilized LTVs represent additional potential collateral value as rehabilitation progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates. The table above does not include an 11.2 million loan accounted for at fair value, and, as such, not reflected in delinquency tables. In third quarter 2024, the borrower notified the Company that he would no longer be making payments on the loan, which is collateralized by a vacant retail property. Based upon a July 2024 appraisal, the as is LTV is 84 and the as stabilized LTV is 62 . Since 2021, real estate bridge lending originations have consisted of apartment buildings, while this loan was originated previously. Although we consider our ACL to be adequate based on information currently available, future additions to the ACL may be necessary due to changes in economic conditions, our ongoing loss experience and that of our peers, changes in management s assumptions as to future delinquencies, recoveries and losses, deterioration of specific credits and management s intent with regard to the disposition of loans and leases. Management estimates the ACL quarterly and for most loan categories uses relevant available internal and external historical loan performance information to determine the quantitative component of the reserve, and current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts and other factors to determine the qualitative component of the reserve. Reserves on specific credit-deteriorated loans comprise the third and final component of the reserve. Historical credit loss experience provides the quantitative basis for the estimation of expected credit losses over the estimated remaining life of the loans. The qualitative component of the ACL is designed to be responsive to changes in portfolio credit quality and the impact of current and future economic conditions on loan performance, and is subjective. The review of the appropriateness of the ACL is performed by the Chief Credit Officer and presented to the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors for review. With the exception of SBLOC and IBLOC, which utilize probability of default/loss given default, and the other loan category, which uses discounted cash flow to determine a reserve, the quantitative components for remaining categories are determined by establishing reserves on loan pools with similar risk characteristics based on a lifetime loss-rate model, or vintage analysis, as described in the following paragraph. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. If foreclosure is believed to be probable or repayment is expected from the sale of collateral, a reserve for deficiency is established within the ACL. Those reserves are estimated based on the difference between loan principal and the estimated fair value of the collateral, adjusted for estimated disposition costs. 

 64 

Except for SBLOC, IBLOC and other loans as noted above, for purposes of determining the quantitative historical loss reserve for each similar risk pool, the loans not assigned an individual reserve are segregated by product type, to recognize differing risk characteristics within portfolio segments, and an average historical loss rate is calculated for each product type. Loss rates are computed by classifying net charge-offs by year of loan origination and dividing into total originations for that specific year. This methodology is referred to as vintage analysis. The average loss rate is then projected over the estimated remaining loan lives unique to each loan pool, to determine estimated lifetime losses. For SBLOC and IBLOC, since de minimis losses have been incurred, probability of default/loss given default considerations are utilized. For the other loan category discounted cash flow is utilized to determine a reserve. The Company also considers the need for an additional ACL based upon qualitative factors such as current loan performance statistics by pool, and economic conditions. These qualitative factors are intended to account for forward looking expectations over a twelve to eighteen month period not reflected in historical loss rates and otherwise unaccounted for in the quantitative process. Accordingly, such factors may increase or decrease the allowance compared to historical loss rates as the Company s forward-looking expectations change. The qualitative factor percentages are applied against the pool balances as of the end of the period. Aside from the qualitative adjustments to account for forward looking expectations of loss over a twelve to eighteen month projection period, the balance of the ACL reverts to the Company s quantitative analysis derived from its historical loss rates. The qualitative and quantitative historical loss rate components, together with the allowances on specific credit-deteriorated loans, comprise the total ACL. A similar process is employed to calculate an ACL assigned to off-balance sheet commitments, which are comprised of unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. That ACL for unfunded commitments is recorded in other liabilities. Even though portions of the ACL may be allocated to loans that have been individually measured for credit deterioration, the entire ACL is available for any credit that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. At September 30, 2024, the ACL amounted to 31.0 million of which 11.4 million of allowances resulted from the Company s historical charge-off ratios, 3.5 million from reserves on specific loans, with the balance comprised of the qualitative components. The 11.4 million resulted primarily from SBA non-real estate lending and leasing charge-offs. The proportion of qualitative reserves compared to charge-off history related reserves reflects the general absence of charge-offs in the Company s largest loan portfolios consisting of SBLOC and IBLOC and real estate bridge lending which results, at least in part, from the nature of related collateral. Such collateral respectively consists of marketable securities, the cash value of life insurance and workforce apartment buildings. As charge-offs are nonetheless possible, significant subjectivity is required to consider qualitative factors to derive the related components of the allowance. The Company ranks its qualitative factors in five levels: minimal, low, moderate, moderate-high, and high-risk. The individual qualitative factors for each portfolio segment have their own scale based on an analysis of that segment. A high-risk ranking results in the largest increase in the ACL calculation with each level below having a lesser impact on a sliding scale. The qualitative factors used for each portfolio are described below in the description of each portfolio segment. As a result of continuing economic uncertainty in 2022, including heightened inflation and increased risks of recession, the qualitative factors which had previously been set in anticipation of a downturn, were maintained through the third quarter of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, as risks of a recession increased, the economic qualitative risk factor was increased for non-real estate SBL and leasing. Those higher qualitative allocations were retained in the first quarter of 2023, as negative economic indications persisted. In the second quarter of 2023, CECL model adjustments of 1.7 million resulted from a 2.5 million CECL model decrease from changes in estimated average lives, partially offset by a 794,000 CECL model increase resulting from increasing economic and collateral risk factors to respective moderate-high and moderate risk levels. The elevated economic risk level for leasing reflected input from department heads regarding the potential borrower impact of the higher rate environment. The elevated collateral risk level for leasing reflected lower auction prices for vehicles and uncertainty over the extent to which such prices might decrease in the future. The adjustment for average lives reflected a change in the estimated lives of leases, higher variances for which may result from their short maturities. In the third quarter of 2023, there were indications of auction price stabilization, while the auto workers strike could reduce supply and drive up prices. Nonetheless, the elevated risk levels were maintained. In the second quarter of 2024, the provision for credit losses was reduced by 1.4 million to reflect reduced average lives for small business non-real estate loans. The Company has not increased the qualitative risk levels for SBLOC or IBLOC because of the nature of related collateral. SBLOC loans are subject to maximum loan to marketable securities value, and notwithstanding historic drops in the stock market in recent years, losses have not been realized. IBLOC loans are limited to borrowers with insurance companies that exceed credit requirements, and loan amounts are limited to life insurance cash values. The Company had not, prior to the fourth quarter of 2023, increased the economic factor for multifamily real estate bridge lending. While Federal Reserve rate increases directly increase real estate bridge loan floating-rate borrowing costs, those borrowers are required to purchase interest rate caps that will partially limit the increase in borrowing costs during the term of the loan. Additionally, there continues to be several additional mitigating factors within the multifamily sector that should continue to fuel demand. Higher interest rates are increasing the cost to purchase a home, which in turn is increasing the number of renters and subsequent demand for multifamily. The softening demand for new homes should continue to exacerbate the current housing shortage, and therefore continue to fuel demand for multifamily apartment homes. Additionally, higher rents in the multifamily sector are causing renters to be more price sensitive, which is driving demand for most of the apartment buildings within the Company s loan portfolio which management considers workforce housing. In the fourth quarter of 2023, an increasing trend in substandard loans was reflected in an increase in the risk level for the REBL ACL economic qualitative factor, which resulted in a 1.0 million increase in the fourth quarter provision for credit loss on loans. At September 30, 2024, real estate 

 65 

bridge loans classified as special mention and substandard respectively amounted to 84.4 million and 155.4 million compared to 96.0 million and 80.4 million at June 30, 2024. Each classified loan was evaluated for a potential increase in the allowance for credit losses ACL on the basis of the aforementioned third-party appraisals of apartment building collateral. On the basis of as is and as stabilized LTVs, increases to the allowance were not required. The current allowance for credit losses for REBL, is primarily based upon historical industry losses for multi-family loans, in the absence of significant charge-offs within the Company s REBL portfolio. As a result of increasing amounts of loans classified as special mention and substandard, the Company evaluated potential related sensitivity for REBL in the third quarter. Such evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to change as more information becomes available. As a result, the Company added a new qualitative factor to its ACL with a cumulative after-tax impact of approximately 1.5 million 2.0 million pre-tax). The economic qualitative factor is based on the estimated impact of economic conditions on the loan pools, as distinguished from the economic factors themselves, for the following reasons. The Company has experienced limited multifamily (apartment building) loan charge-offs, despite stressed economic conditions. Accordingly, the ACL for this pool was derived from a qualitative factor based on industry loss information for multifamily housing. The Company s charge-offs have been miniscule for SBLOC and IBLOC notwithstanding stressed economic periods, and their ACL is accordingly also determined by a qualitative factor. Investment advisor loans were first offered in 2020 with limited performance history, during which charge-offs have not been experienced. For investment advisor loans, the nature of the underlying ultimate repayment source was considered, namely the fee-based advisory income streams resulting from investment portfolios under management, and the impact changes in economic conditions would have on those payment streams. The qualitative factors used for this and the other portfolios are described below in the description of each portfolio segment. Additionally, the Company s charge-off histories for SBLs, primarily SBA, and leases have not correlated with economic conditions, including trends in unemployment. While specific economic factors did not correlate with actual historical losses, multiple economic factors are considered in the economic qualitative factor. For the non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans, leases, real estate bridge lending and investment advisor financing, the Company s loss forecasting analysis included a review of industry statistics. However, the Company s own charge-off history and average life estimates, for categories in which the Company has experienced charge-offs, was the primary quantitatively derived element in the forecasts. The qualitative component results from management s qualitative assessments which consider internal and external inputs. The following table summarizes select asset quality ratios for each of the periods indicated: For the nine months ended For the year ended or as of September 30, or as of December 31, 2024 2023 2023 Ratio of: ACL to total loans 0.52 0.46 0.51 ACL to non-performing loans (1) 101.70 153.04 206.33 Non-performing loans to total loans (1) 0.52 0.30 0.25 Non-performing assets to total assets (1) 1.14 0.46 0.39 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.07 0.05 0.07 (1) Includes loans 90 days past due still accruing interest. 
 The ratio of the ACL to total loans increased to 0.52 as of September 30, 2024 from 0.46 at September 30, 2023 as the ACL increased proportionately more than total loans. The 6.9 million increase in the ACL between those dates, reflected approximately 1.7 million of increased reserves on specific distressed credits and approximately 1.0 million which was added in fourth quarter 2023 for the economic qualitative factor for an increasing trend in special mention and substandard real estate bridge loans. In the third quarter of 2024, 2.0 million was added as a result of a new real estate bridge loans related to an increase in special mention and substandard loans. Additionally, while reserves for SBLOC and IBLOC loans were reduced as a result of lower loan balances, the related reserve impact was more than offset by growth in other loan categories with higher ACL allocations. The lower reserve allocations for SBLOC and IBLOC reflect their respective marketable securities and cash value of insurance collateral. The ratio of the ACL to non-performing loans decreased to 101.70 at September 30, 2024, from 153.04 at September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the increase in non-performing loans which proportionately exceeded the increase in the ACL. As a result of the increase in non-performing loans, the majority of which was a 12.3 million REBL loan, the ratio of non-performing loans to total loans also increased to 0.52 at September 30, 2024 from 0.30 at September 30, 2023 . The ratio of non-performing assets to total assets increased to 1.14 at September 30, 2024 from 0.46 at September 30, 2023, reflecting the increase in non-performing loans, and a 39.4 million loan transferred to OREO in the second quarter of 2024 with a September 30, 2024 balance of 40.3 million. We intend to continue to manage the capital improvements on the underlying apartment complex. As the units become available for lease, the property manager will be tasked with leasing these units at market rents. The 40.3 million balance compares to a September 2023 third party as is appraisal of 47.8 million, or an 84 as is LTV, with additional potential collateral value as construction progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates. The Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for that apartment property acquired by the Bank through foreclosure. The purchaser has made earnest money deposits of 375,000, with additional required deposits projected to total 500,000 prior to the December 31, 2024 closing deadline. The sales price is expected to cover the Company s current OREO balance plus the forecasted cost of improvements to the property. There can be no assurance that the purchaser will consummate the sale of the property, 

 66 

but if not consummated, earnest money deposits are expected to accrue to the Company. The nonaccrual balances in this table as of September 30, 2024, are also reflected in the substandard loan totals. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans was 0.07 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 0.05 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase reflected an increase in direct lease financing net charge-offs. Net Charge-offs Net charge-offs were 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.1 million from net charge-offs of 2.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Charge-offs in both periods resulted primarily from non-real estate SBL and leasing charge-offs. SBL charge-offs resulted primarily from the non-government guaranteed portion of SBA loans. The following tables reflect the relationship of year-to-date average loans outstanding, based upon quarter end averages, and net charge-offs by loan category (dollars in thousands): September 30, 2024 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Charge-offs 431 3,625 16 Recoveries (102) (279) (1) Net charge-offs 329 3,346 15 Average loan balance 157,629 639,604 27,739 702,852 1,569,727 235,268 2,102,691 140,046 49,995 Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average loans during the period 0.21 0.48 0.03 
 September 30, 2023 SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage SBL construction Direct lease financing SBLOC / IBLOC Advisor financing Real estate bridge loans Consumer fintech Other loans Charge-offs 871 2,804 3 Recoveries (446) (75) (220) (299) Net charge-offs (recoveries) 425 (75) 2,584 (296) Average loan balance 120,845 518,304 28,264 660,022 1,885,857 187,414 1,808,924 57,218 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) during the period to average loans during the period 0.35 (0.01 0.39 (0.51 
 We review charge-offs at least quarterly in loan surveillance meetings which include the chief credit officer, the loan review department and other senior credit officers in a process which includes identifying any trends or other factors impacting portfolio management. In recent periods charge-offs have been primarily comprised of the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans and leases. The charge-offs have resulted from individual borrower or business circumstances as opposed to overall trends or other factors. Non-accrual Loans, Loans 90 Days Delinquent and Still Accruing, OREO and Modified Loans. Loans are considered to be non-performing if they are on a non-accrual basis or they are past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. A loan which is past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest remains on accrual status only when it is both adequately secured as to principal and interest, and is in the process of collection. We had 61.7 million of OREO at September 30, 2024 and 16.9 million of OREO at December 31, 2023. The following tables summarize our non-performing loans, OREO, and loans past due 90 days or more still accruing interest. 

 67 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Non-accrual loans SBL non-real estate 3,047 1,842 SBL commercial mortgage 4,898 2,381 SBL construction 1,585 3,385 Direct leasing 3,919 3,785 IBLOC Real estate bridge loans 12,300 Other loans 132 Total non-accrual loans 25,749 11,525 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing (1) 4,737 1,744 Total non-performing loans 30,486 13,269 OREO (2) 61,739 16,949 Total non-performing assets 92,225 30,218 
 (1) The majority of the increase in Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing resulted from vehicle leases to governmental entities and municipalities, the payments for which are sometimes subject to administrative delays, SBLOC loans secured by marketable securities and IBLOC loans which are secured by the cash value of life insurance. (2 In the first quarter of 2024, a 39.4 million apartment building rehabilitation bridge loan was transferred to nonaccrual status. On April 2, 2024, the same loan was transferred from nonaccrual status to OREO, and comprised the majority of our OREO at September 30, 2024, with a balance at that date of 40.3 million. We intend to continue to manage the capital improvements on the underlying apartment complex. As the units become available for lease, the property manager will be tasked with leasing these units at market rents. The 40.3 million balance compares to a September 2023 third party as is appraisal of 47.8 million, or an 84 as is LTV , with additional potential collateral value as construction progresses, and units are re-leased at stabilized rental rates. The Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for that apartment property acquired by the Bank through foreclosure. The purchaser has made earnest money deposits of 375,000, with additional required deposits projected to total 500,000 prior to the December 31, 2024 closing deadline. The sales price is expected to cover the Company s current OREO balance plus the forecasted cost of improvements to the property. There can be no assurance that the purchaser will consummate the sale of the property, but if not consummated, earnest money deposits are expected to accrue to the Company. The nonaccrual balances in this table as of September 30, 2024, are also reflected in the substandard loan totals. 

 68 

The following table summarizes the Company s non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more, by year of origination, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: As of September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans at amortized cost Total SBL non-real estate 90+ Days past due 614 41 103 758 Non-accrual 1,364 824 349 510 3,047 Total SBL non-real estate 1,364 1,438 390 613 3,805 SBA commercial mortgage 90+ Days past due 336 336 Non-accrual 1,379 1,717 254 1,548 4,898 Total SBL commercial mortgage 1,379 1,717 254 1,884 5,234 SBL construction 90+ Days past due Non-accrual 875 710 1,585 Total SBL construction 875 710 1,585 Direct lease financing 90+ Days past due 2 880 118 68 111 81 1,260 Non-accrual 708 1,907 1,229 65 10 3,919 Total direct lease financing 2 1,588 2,025 1,297 176 91 5,179 SBLOC 90+ Days past due 1,321 1,321 Non-accrual Total SBLOC 1,321 1,321 IBLOC 90+ Days past due 1,062 1,062 Non-accrual Total IBLOC 1,062 1,062 Advisor Financing 90+ Days past due Non-accrual Total Advisor Financing Real estate bridge loans 90+ Days past due Non-accrual 12,300 12,300 Total real estate bridge loans 12,300 12,300 Other loans 90+ Days past due Non-accrual Total other loans Total 90+ Days past due 2 880 118 682 1,214 1,841 4,737 Total Non-accrual 708 4,650 16,945 668 2,778 25,749 

69 

As of December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans at amortized cost Total SBL non-real estate 90+ Days past due 42 294 336 Non-accrual 632 522 190 498 1,842 Total SBL non-real estate 632 564 190 792 2,178 SBA commercial mortgage 90+ Days past due Non-accrual 452 1,929 2,381 Total SBL commercial mortgage 452 1,929 2,381 SBL construction 90+ Days past due Non-accrual 2,675 710 3,385 Total SBL construction 2,675 710 3,385 Direct lease financing 90+ Days past due 298 146 41 485 Non-accrual 58 1,775 1,688 212 46 6 3,785 Total direct lease financing 356 1,921 1,729 212 46 6 4,270 SBLOC 90+ Days past due Non-accrual Total SBLOC IBLOC 90+ Days past due 127 384 234 745 Non-accrual Total IBLOC 127 384 234 745 Advisor Financing 90+ Days past due Non-accrual Total Advisor Financing Real estate bridge loans 90+ Days past due Non-accrual Total real estate bridge loans Other loans 90+ Days past due 178 178 Non-accrual 132 132 Total other loans 178 132 310 Total 90+ Days past due 476 273 425 276 294 1,744 Total Non-accrual 58 1,775 4,995 1,186 236 3,275 11,525 
 For the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, loans modified and related information are as follows (dollars in thousands): Three months ended September 30, 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Interest rate reduction and payment deferral Term extension Total Percent of total loan category Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Total Percent of total loan category SBL non-real estate 819 819 0.46 SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans 55,336 55,336 2.53 Total 819 55,336 56,155 0.95 

70 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Interest rate reduction and payment deferral Term extension Total Percent of total loan category Payment delay as a result of a payment deferral Total Percent of total loan category SBL non-real estate 2,484 2,484 1.38 156 156 0.12 SBL commercial mortgage 3,271 3,271 0.49 Direct lease financing 2,521 2,521 0.35 Real estate bridge loans (1) 87,836 87,836 4.01 Total 5,755 87,836 2,521 96,112 1.63 156 156 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately 73 , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately 66 based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, generally utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. The following table shows an analysis of loans that were modified during the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 presented by loan classification (dollars in thousands): Three months ended September 30, 2024 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate 321 321 498 819 SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans 55,336 55,336 321 321 55,834 56,155 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge lending 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate 1,046 1,046 1,438 2,484 SBL commercial mortgage 3,271 3,271 Direct lease financing 2,521 2,521 2,521 Real estate bridge loans (1) 87,836 87,836 2,521 1,046 3,567 92,545 96,112 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total past due past due still accruing Non-accrual delinquent Current Total SBL non-real estate 156 156 SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge lending 156 156 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately 73 , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately 66 based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, sometimes utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. T here were 56.2 million and 96.1 million of loans classified as modified for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, with specific reserves of zero and 5,000, for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. T here were zero and 156,000 of loans classified as modified for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2023. Substantially all of the reserves at September 30, 2024 related to the non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans. 

 71 

As a result of interest rate modifications, approximately 815,000 was reversed from interest income in the third quarter of 2024, which was applicable to prior periods. The following table describes the financial effect of the modifications made for the three month and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): Three months ended September 30, 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Combined Rate and Maturity Combined Rate and Maturity Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) SBL non-real estate 0.46 SBL commercial mortgage Direct lease financing Real estate bridge loans 1.27 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Combined Rate and Maturity Combined Rate and Maturity Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) Weighted average interest reduction Weighted average term extension (in months) More-than-insignificant-payment delay (2) SBL non-real estate 1.38 0.12 SBL commercial mortgage 0.49 Direct lease financing 12.0 Real estate bridge loans (1) 1.42 1.23 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the as is weighted average LTV of the real estate bridge lending balances was approximately 73 , and the as stabilized LTV was approximately 66 based upon appraisals performed within the past twelve months. As stabilized LTVs reflect the third-party appraiser s estimated value after the rehabilitation is complete and units are released at stabilized rates. Apartment improvements and renovations continue, sometimes utilizing additional borrower capital. The balances for both periods were also classified as either special mention or substandard as of September 30, 2024. (2) Percentage represents the principal of loans deferred divided by the principal of the total loan portfolio. There were no loans that received a term extension modification that had a payment default during the period and were modified in the twelve months before default. We had no commitments to extend additional credit to loans classified as modified as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. We had 25.7 million of non-accrual loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 11.5 million of non-accrual loans at December 31, 2023. The 14.2 million increase in non-accrual loans was primarily due to 65.7 million of additions partially offset by 44.1 million transferred to OREO, 3.4 million of charge-offs, 1.5 million transferred to repossessed vehicle inventory, 2.7 million of payments and 129,000 returned to accrual status. Loans past due 90 days or more still accruing interest amounted to 4.7 million at September 30, 2024 and 1.7 million at December 31, 2023. The 3.0 million increase reflected 11.6 million of additions partially offset by 8.6 million of loan payments and 24,000 transferred to non-accrual loans. We had 61.7 million of OREO at September 30, 2024 and 16.9 million of OREO at December 31, 2023 . The change in balance reflected 45.0 million transferred from non-accrual loans. We evaluate loans under an internal loan risk rating system as a means of identifying problem loans. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, classified loans were segregated by year of origination and are shown in Note 6. Loans to the unaudited consolidated financial statements herein . Premises and Equipment, Net Premises and equipment amounted to 28.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 27.5 million at December 31, 2023. 

 72 

Other assets Other assets amounted to 157.5 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 133.1 million at December 31, 2023. Deposits Our primary source of funding is deposit acquisition. We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms, including demand, checking and money market accounts, through and with the assistance of affinity groups. The majority of our deposits are generated through prepaid card and debit and other payments related deposit accounts. At September 30, 2024, we had total deposits of 6.93 billion compared to 6.68 billion at December 31, 2023, which reflected an increase of 244.8 million, or 3.7 . Daily deposit balances are subject to variability, and deposits averaged 7.01 billion in the third quarter of 2024. Savings and money market balances are a modest percentage of our funding and we have swept such deposits off our balance sheet to other institutions. Such sweeps are utilized to optimize diversity within our funding structure by managing the percentage of individual client deposits to total deposits. A diversified group of prepaid and debit card accounts, which have an established history of stability and lower cost than certain other types of funding, comprise the majority of our deposits. Our product mix includes prepaid card accounts for salary, medical spending, commercial, general purpose reloadable, corporate and other incentive, gift, government payments and transaction accounts accessed by debit cards. Balances are subject to daily fluctuations, which may comprise a significant component of variances between dates. Our funding is comprised primarily of millions of small transaction-based consumer balances, the vast majority of which are FDIC-insured. We have multi-year, contractual relationships with affinity groups which sponsor such accounts and with whom we have had long-term relationships (see Item 1. Business Our Strategies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023). Those long-term relationships comprise the majority of our deposits while we continue to grow and add new client relationships. Of our deposits at September 30, 2024, the top three affinity groups accounted for approximately 2.95 billion, the next three largest 1.58 billion, and the four subsequent largest 779.9 million. Of our deposits at year-end 2023, the top three affinity groups accounted for approximately 2.33 billion, the next three largest 1.46 billion, and the four subsequent largest 852.1 million. While certain of these relationships may have changed their ranking in the top ten, the affinity groups themselves were generally identical at both dates, with some movement in the ninth and tenth largest relationships. We believe that payroll, debit, and government-based accounts such as child support are comparable to traditional consumer checking accounts. Such balances in the top ten relationships at September 30, 2024 totaled 3.25 billion while balances related to consumer and business payment companies, including companies sponsoring incentive payments, amounted to 2.06 billion. Such balances in the top ten relationships at year-end 2023, totaled 2.91 billion while balances related to consumer and business payment companies, including companies sponsoring incentive and gift card payments, amounted to 1.72 billion. We pay interest directly to consumer account holders for an immaterial amount of deposit balances, while the vast majority of interest expense results from fees paid to affinity groups. The vast majority of such payments are variable rate and equate to varying contractual percentages tied to the effective federal funds rate, which results from Federal Reserve rate hikes and reductions. The effective federal funds rate also reflects a market rate which might be required to replace lower cost deposits, or fund loan growth in excess of deposit growth, at least in the short-term. Because underlying balances have generally exhibited stability, so too have trends in the cost of funds. The more consequential impact to cost of funds are market changes and the effective federal funds rate, specifically the impact of Federal Reserve rate hikes and reductions. We model significant fee-based relationships in our net interest income sensitivity modeling (see Item 2 Asset and Liability Management above). The following discussion is applicable to our transaction accounts, comprising the majority of our deposits, in the 100 and 200 basis point rate increase and decrease scenarios as presented in the applicable table in that Asset and Liability Management section, above. The impact of the Federal Reserve rate hikes or reductions, which respectively increase or decrease interest expense, has approximated the ratio of our cost of funds divided by the effective federal funds rate, all else equal. However, there can be no assurance that such ratios could not change significantly given the other variables discussed in the Asset and Liability Management section. In third quarter 2024, our demand and interest checking balances averaged 6.94 billion, compared to 6.23 billion in third quarter 2023. The growth primarily reflected increases in payment company balances. Average savings and money market balances increased to 65.1 million the third quarter of 2024, compared to 56.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. We sweep deposits off our balance sheet to other institutions to optimize diversity within our funding structure by managing the percentage of individual client deposits to total deposits. Short-term time deposits have been used minimally to provide liquidity cushions, for instance when short-term loan origination exceeds short-term deposit growth, as was the case in 2022. In 2023, we did not use short-term time deposits after the first quarter of the year. Short-term time deposits are generated through established intermediaries such as banks and other financial companies. These deposits generally originate with investment or trust companies or banks, which offer those deposits at market rates to FDIC-insured institutions, such that the balances are fully FDIC-insured. These deposits are generally classified as brokered. While affinity groups may decide to pay interest or other remuneration to account holders, they do not currently do so for the vast majority of balances. The following table presents the average balance and rates paid on deposits for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

 73 

The following table presents the average balance and rates paid on deposits for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): For the nine months ended For the year ended September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Average Average Average Average balance rate balance rate Demand and interest checking (1) 6,684,671 2.40 6,308,509 2.30 Savings and money market 58,777 3.30 78,074 3.66 Time 20,794 4.13 Total deposits 6,743,448 2.41 6,407,377 2.32 
 (1) Of the amounts shown for 2024 and 2023, 149.1 million and 177.0 million, respectively, represented balances on which the Bank paid interest. The remaining balance for each period reflects amounts subject to fees paid to third parties, which are based upon a contractual percentage applied to a rate index, generally the effective federal funds rate, and therefore classified as interest expense. Short-term Borrowings Short-term borrowings consist of amounts borrowed on our lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank or FHLB. There were 135.0 million of borrowings with FHLB at September 30, 2024. There were no borrowings on either line at December 31, 2023. We generally utilize overnight borrowings to manage our daily reserve requirements at the Federal Reserve. Period-end and year-to-date information for the dates shown is as follows. September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Short-term borrowings Balance at period end 135,000 Average for the three months ended September 30, 2024 73,480 N/A Average during the year 55,820 5,739 Maximum month-end balance 455,000 450,000 Weighted average rate during the period 5.60 4.72 Rate at period end 5.16 
 Senior Debt On August 13, 2020, we issued 100.0 million of the 2025 Senior Notes, with a maturity date of August 15, 2025, and a 4.75 interest rate, with interest paid semi-annually on March 15 and September 15. The 2025 Senior Notes are the Company s direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank equal in priority with all our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to all our existing and future subordinated indebtedness. In lieu of repayment of debt from dividends paid by the Bank to the Company, industry practice includes the issuance of new debt to repay maturing debt. Borrowings At September 30, 2024, we had other long-term borrowings of 38.2 million compared to 38.6 million at December 31, 2023. The borrowings consisted of sold loans which were accounted for as a secured borrowing because they did not qualify for true sale accounting. We do not have any policy prohibiting us from incurring debt. The 2038 Debentures, which total 13.4 million, mature in March 2038 and bear interest at SOFR plus 3.51 , are grandfathered to qualify as tier 1 capital at the Bank. Other Liabilities Other liabilities amounted to 70.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 69.6 million at December 31, 2023. Shareholders Equity As a means of returning capital to shareholders, the Company implemented stock repurchase programs which totaled 40.0 million, 60.0 million and 100.0 million, in equal quarterly amounts, respectively, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, with 200 million originally planned for 2024. Subsequently, the second quarter 2024 planned repurchase was increased from 50 million to 100 million, with 50 million in repurchases planned for each remaining quarter of 2024. The planned amounts of such repurchases are generally determined in the fourth quarter of the preceding year by assessing the impact of budgetary earnings projections on regulatory capital 

 74 

requirements. The excess of projected earnings over amounts required to maintain capital requirements is the maximum available for capital return to shareholders, barring any need to retain capital for other purposes. A significant portion of such excess earnings has been utilized for stock repurchases in the amounts noted above, while cash dividends have not been paid. In determining whether capital is returned through stock repurchases or cash dividends, the Company calculates a maximum share repurchase price, based upon comparisons with what it concludes to be other exemplar peer share price valuations, with further consideration of internal growth projections. As these share prices, which are updated at least annually, have not been reached, capital return has consisted solely of stock repurchases. Exemplar share price comparisons are based upon multiples of earnings per share over time, with further consideration of returns on equity and assets. While repurchase amounts are planned in the fourth quarter of the preceding year, repurchases may be modified or terminated at any time, should capital need to be conserved. Off-balance sheet arrangements There were no off-balance sheet arrangements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to our interests. 

 75 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Information about market risk for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is included under Asset and Liability Management in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except for such information, there has been no material change to our assessment of our sensitivity to market risk as discussed in the 2023 Form 10-K. As noted under Asset and Liability Management in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s exposure to interest rate risk is managed through the use of guidelines which limit interest rate exposure to higher interest rates. Because the Company has emphasized variable rate instruments in its loan and investment portfolios, it tends to benefit from higher interest rate environments. As a result of the Federal Reserve rate increases in 2022 and 2023, net interest income has increased and exceeded prior period levels. While future Federal Reserve rate reductions may result in lower net interest income, such exposure to lower rates was significantly reduced in the third quarter of 2024 with the purchase of fixed rate securities. In the third quarter of 2024 the Federal Reserve began lowering rates. In addition to the aforementioned guidelines which the Company uses to manage interest rate risk, the Company utilizes an asset liability committee to provide oversight by multiple departments and senior officers. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of September 30, 2024. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting . 

 76 

PART II OTHER INFOR M ATION Item 1. L eg al Proceedings For a discussion of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 13. Legal to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Stock Repurchases On October 26, 2023, the Board approved the 2024 Repurchase Program, which authorized the Company to repurchase 50.0 million in value of the Company s common stock per fiscal quarter in 2024, for a maximum amount of 200.0 million. The Company increased its share repurchase authorization for the second quarter of 2024 from 50.0 million to 100.0 million, which increased the maximum amount under the 2024 Repurchase Program to 250.0 million. Under the 2024 Repurchase Program, the Company intends to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The 2024 Repurchase Program may be modified or terminated at any time. With respect to further repurchases in subsequent quarters under this program, the Company cannot predict if, or when, it will repurchase any shares of common stock and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s repurchases of its common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 331,267 44.96 331,267 85,108 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 356,544 48.77 356,544 67,720 September 1, 2024 -September 30, 2024 349,258 50.74 349,258 50,000 Total 1,037,069 48.22 1,037,069 50,000 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2024, all shares of common stock were repurchased pursuant to the 2024 Repurchase Program, which was approved by the Board on October 26, 2023 and publicly announced on October 26, 2023. Under the 2024 Repurchase Program, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares of its common stock totaling up to 50.0 million per quarter, for a maximum amount of 200.0 million in 2024. The Company increased its share repurchase authorization for the second quarter of 2024 from 50.0 million to 100.0 million, which increased the maximum amount under the 2024 Repurchase Program to 250.0 million. The Company may repurchase shares through open market purchases, including through written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. (2) The 2024 Repurchase Program may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time and has an expiration date of December 31, 2024. With respect to further repurchases, the Company cannot predict if, or when, it will repurchase any shares of common stock, and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. It em 5. Other Information During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 arrangement, as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

 77 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 32.2 Section 1350 Certifications 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith The Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

78 

SIGNATURES Pu rsuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 10 THE BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) November 7, 2024 /S/ DAMIAN KOZLOWSKI Date Damian Kozlowski Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 /S/ PAUL FRENKIEL Date Paul Frenkiel Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

79 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tbbk-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

20240930 Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Damian Kozlowski , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10- Q for the quarter ly period ended September 30 , 2024, of The Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date : November 7 , 2024 

/S/ DAMIAN KOZLOWSKI 

Damian Kozlowski 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tbbk-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

20240930 Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Paul Frenkiel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2024, of The Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date : November 7 , 2024 

/S/ PAUL FRENKIEL 

Paul Frenkiel 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tbbk-20240930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

20240930 Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 202 4 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Damian Kozlowski , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 7 , 2024 

/S / DAMIAN KOZLOWSKI 

Damian Kozlowski 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tbbk-20240930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

20240930 Exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 202 4 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Frenkiel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated : November 7 , 2024 

/S/ PAUL FRENKIEL 

Paul Frenkiel 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tbbk-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tbbk-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tbbk-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tbbk-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tbbk-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

