<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1705843_0001628280-24-046341.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10344718</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125673</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1779868</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3569127</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2582350</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2084350</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046341.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107163536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046341
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cibus, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001705843
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271967997
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38161
		FILM NUMBER:		241436458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6455 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 450-0008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6455 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Calyxt, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170504

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046341.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 cbus-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cbus-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended ; 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from_________to_________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 _____________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 _____________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes No As of November 6, 2024, there were an aggregate of 29,568,098 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding, comprising shares of the registrant's Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (Class A Common Stock) (excluding 366,145 restricted shares of Class A Common Stock, which remain subject to vesting), and shares of the registrant's Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 SIGNATURES 
 43 

Terms 
 
 When the terms Cibus, the Company or its are used in this report, unless the context otherwise requires, those terms are being used to refer to Cibus, Inc. (formerly Calyxt, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries (i) excluding Cibus Global, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, prior to the completion of the Merger Transactions (as defined under the heading Explanatory Note below) and (ii) the combined entity, including Cibus Global, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, as of and following the consummation of the Merger Transactions. When the term Legacy Calyxt is used, it is being used to exclusively refer to Calyxt, Inc. prior to the Merger Transactions. When the term Cibus Global is used, it is being used to refer to Cibus Global, LLC, both prior to and after the completion of the Merger Transactions. When the term Cellectis, is used, it is being used to refer to Cellectis S.A. (soci t anonyme), the Company s former parent company and largest shareholder prior to the completion of the Merger Transactions. When the term Class A Common Stock is used, it is being used, unless the context requires otherwise, to refer prior to the Merger Transactions to Legacy Calyxt s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (Legacy Common Stock) and following the Merger Transactions to the Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (Class A Common Stock). Each share of Legacy Common Stock existing and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Transactions remained outstanding as a share of Class A Common Stock without any conversion or exchange thereof. 
 
 The Company owns or has the right to use the trademarks, service marks, and trade names that it uses in conjunction with the operation of its business. Some of the more important marks and names that it owns or has rights to use that may appear in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include: Cibus , RTDS , Rapid Trait Development System TM , Nucelis TM , Trait Machine TM , and Future of Breeding TM . This report may also contain additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks belonging to other companies. The Company does not intend its use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names, or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of these other parties. 
 
 Explanatory Note Completion of Merger Transactions 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company completed the business combination transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 13, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of April 14, 2023 (as amended, the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Merger Transactions), by and among Legacy Calyxt; Calypso Merger Subsidiary, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Legacy Calyxt; Cibus Global; and certain blocker entities party thereto. Among other things, as part of the Merger Transactions, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation was further amended and restated (the Amended Certificate of Incorporation). The Company is organized in an Up-C structure, and the Company s only material asset consists of membership units of Cibus Global. The Amended Certificate of Incorporation designates two classes of the Company s common stock: (i) Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock), which shares have full voting and economic rights, and (ii) Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B Common Stock), which shares have full voting, but no economic rights. The prior year financial information presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, represents four months of Cibus, inclusive of Cibus Global, and five months of Legacy Calyxt results only, except where pro forma figures are presented. All financial information prior to the completion of the Merger Transactions is that of Legacy Calyxt only. Reverse Stock Splits 
 - 1 - 

Prior to the Merger Transactions, Legacy Calyxt effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split (the First Reverse Stock Split) of the Legacy Common Stock, which became effective on April 24, 2023. The First Reverse Stock Split was reflected on the Nasdaq Capital Market beginning with the opening of trading on April 25, 2023. 
 Immediately prior to the Merger Transactions, the Company effected a one-for-five reverse stock split (the Second Reverse Stock Split and, together with the First Reverse Stock Split, the Reverse Stock Splits) of the Legacy Common Stock, which became effective on May 31, 2023. The Second Reverse Stock Split was reflected on the Nasdaq Capital Market beginning with the opening of trading of the Class A Common Stock on June 1, 2023. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Splits and instead, fractional shares were rounded up to the nearest whole share number. The par value and authorized shares of Legacy Common Stock and preferred stock of the Company were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Splits. 
 
 Pursuant to the Amended Certificate of Incorporation, following the consummation of the Merger Transactions, the Company is authorized to issue up to 310,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, divided into (A) up to 210,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and (B) up to 90,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock and (ii) up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Unless otherwise noted, all share and per share amounts in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the Reverse Stock Splits. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company may also make forward-looking statements in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), in materials delivered to stockholders, and in press releases. In addition, the Company s representatives may from time-to-time make oral forward-looking statements. 
 The Company has made these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as anticipates, believes, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, might, plans, predicts, projects, scheduled, should, targets, will, would, or the negative of these terms and other similar terminology. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements about the Company s future financial performance, including its liquidity and capital resources, cash runway, and its ability to continue as a going concern; the advancement, timing and progress of the Company s platform development and trait development in crop platforms; the anticipated timing for the presentation of data related to trait development and other operational activities; the timeframes for transferring traits in customers elite germplasm; the timeframe for commercialization of germplasm with the Company s traits by seed company customers; the timing for, and degree of, adoption by farmers of germplasm with the Company s traits following commercialization; the capacity of the Company s productivity traits to deliver competitive yield improvements; the ability of gene editing to address climate change at scale; the timing and nature of regulatory developments relating to gene editing; the market opportunity for the Company s plant traits, including the number of addressable acres, and the trait fees that the Company expects to receive; and the Company s ability to enter into and maintain significant customer collaborations. These and other forward-looking statements are predictions and projections about future events and trends based on the Company s current expectations, objectives, and intentions and are premised on current assumptions. The Company s actual results, level of activity, performance, or achievements could be materially different than those expressed, implied, or anticipated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the Company s need for additional near term funding to finance its activities and challenges in obtaining additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all; changes in expected or existing competition; challenges to the Company s intellectual property protection and unexpected costs associated with defending intellectual property rights; increased or unanticipated time and resources required for the Company s platform or trait product development efforts; the Company s reliance on third parties in connection with its development activities and for commercialization; challenges associated with the Company s ability to effectively license its productivity traits and sustainable ingredient products; the risk that farmers do not recognize the value in germplasm containing the Company s traits or that farmers and processors fail to work effectively with crops containing the Company s traits; delays or disruptions in the Company s platform or trait product development efforts, particularly with respect to its non-Rice and non-disease projects in light of the Company's realigned strategic priorities; challenges that arise in respect of the Company s production of high-quality plants and seeds cost effectively on a large scale; the Company s dependence on distributions from Cibus Global to pay taxes and cover its corporate and overhead expenses; regulatory developments that disfavor or impose significant burdens on gene editing processes or products; delays and uncertainties regarding regulatory developments in the European Union; the Company s ability to achieve commercial success; commodity prices and other market risks facing the agricultural sector; technological developments that could render the Company's technologies obsolete; impacts of the Company's headcount reductions and other cost reduction measures, which may include operational and strategic challenges; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions, including inflation, supply chain constraints, and rising interest rates; dislocations in the capital markets and challenges in accessing liquidity and the impact of such liquidity challenges on the Company s ability to execute on its business plan; the outcome of any litigation related to the Merger Transactions; the Company's assessment of the period of time through which its financial resources will be adequate to support operations; and the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. Risk 
 - 2 - 

Factors, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024, or as they may be updated or supplemented from time-to-time in the Company's subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC. The foregoing factors should be considered an integral part of Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statements made by the Company in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based only on currently available information and speak only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws, the Company does not assume any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change. 
 Market Data 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications, other publicly available information, and the Company's internal sources and estimates (including, its knowledge of, and experience to date in, the potential markets for its products). Although the Company believes that third party sources are reliable, it does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information extracted from these sources, and the Company has not independently verified such information. Similarly, while the Company believes its management estimates to be reasonable, they have not been verified by any independent sources. The market and industry data and estimates presented in this Quarterly Report involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Annual Report and other subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Forecasts and other forward-looking estimates about the Company's industry or performance within its industry are subject to the risks and uncertainties regarding forward-looking statements described under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. Accordingly, results could differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by the Company, and investors should not place undue reliance on this information. Website Disclosure 
 The Company uses its website (www.cibus.com), its corporate X account (formerly Twitter) (@CibusGlobal), and its corporate LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/company/cibus-global) as routine channels of distribution of company information, including press releases, analyst presentations, and supplemental financial information, as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor its website and its corporate X and LinkedIn accounts in addition to following press releases, filings with the SEC, and public conference calls and webcasts. 
 
 Additionally, the Company provides notifications of announcements as part of its website. Investors and others can receive notifications of new press releases posted on the Company s website by signing up for email alerts. 
 
 None of the information provided on the Company s website, in its press releases or public conference calls and webcasts, or through social media is incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in any other report or document it files with the SEC unless such document specifically states otherwise, and any references to its website or its corporate X and LinkedIn accounts are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 - 3 - 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands, Except Par Value and Share Amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Current portion of notes payable Current portion of financing lease obligations Current portion of operating lease obligations Class A common stock warrants Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of current portion Financing lease obligations, net of current portion Operating lease obligations, net of current portion Royalty liability - related parties Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9) Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Class A common stock in treasury, at cost; shares as of September 30, 2024, and shares as of December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 4 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Goodwill impairment Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Royalty liability interest expense - related parties ) ) ) ) Other interest income, net Non-operating income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Cibus, Inc. ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share of Class A common stock Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 5 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Cibus, Inc. ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 6 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands, Except Shares Outstanding) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Shares in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock from the ATM facility, net of offering expenses Issuance of common stock in registered offering, net Change in value of redeemable noncontrolling interest including issuance of common stock upon exchange of common units ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Shares in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock units Shares withheld for net share settlement ) Change in value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 - 7 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands, Except Shares Outstanding) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Shares in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock from the ATM facility, net of offering expenses Issuance of common stock in registered offering, net Payment of taxes related to vested restricted stock units ) ) ) Change in value of redeemable noncontrolling interest including issuance of common stock upon exchange of common units ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Shares in Treasury Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock resulting from merger with Cibus Global, LLC Issuance of common stock and payment of minimum employee taxes withheld upon net share settlement of restricted stock units Shares withheld for net share settlement ) ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest resulting from merger with Cibus Global, LLC ) ) Change in value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 8 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited and in Thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Royalty liability interest expense - related parties Goodwill impairment Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of liability classified Class A common stock warrants ) Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) Due to/from related parties ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) Right-of-use assets and lease obligations, net ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash used by operating activities ) ) Investing activities Cash acquired from merger with Cibus Global, LLC Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Net cash (used by) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuances of securities Costs incurred related to issuances of securities ) Proceeds from draws on revolving line of credit from Cibus Global, LLC Payment of taxes related to vested restricted stock units ) ) Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Repayments of financing lease obligations ) ) Repayments of notes payable ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 9 - 

CIBUS, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 classes of the Company s common stock: (i) Class A Common Stock, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock), which shares have full voting and economic rights, and (ii) Class B Common Stock, par value per share (the Class B Common Stock), which shares have full voting, but no economic rights. Each share of Legacy Calyxt s common stock, par value per share (Legacy Common Stock) existing and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Transactions remained outstanding as a share of Class A Common Stock without any conversion or exchange thereof. At the closing of the Merger Transactions, the Company contributed all of its assets and liabilities to Cibus Global, in exchange for common units of Cibus Global (Common Units). The Company issued an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock (including shares of restricted Class A Common Stock) and shares of Class B Common Stock to Cibus Global equityholders, as consideration in the Merger Transactions, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Upon closing, Legacy Calyxt stockholders held approximately percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company and legacy holders of membership units of Cibus Global (including profits interest units and warrants) held approximately percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. The primary purpose of the merger was to bring together the technology platforms and facilities of two pioneering companies to create a leading agricultural technology company for the development of productivity traits and to consolidate significant patented plant 
 - 10 - 

shares, consisting of (i) up to shares of common stock, par value per share, divided into (A) up to shares of Class A Common Stock and (B) up to shares of Class B Common Stock and (ii) up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Unless otherwise noted, all share and per share amounts in these financial statements have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the Reverse Stock Splits. Issued Outstanding Class A Restricted Stock In connection with the Merger Transactions, the Company issued restricted shares of Class A Common Stock (Class A Restricted Stock), which remain subject to vesting conditions, to Cibus Global Members that held unvested profits interest units at the time of the consummation of the Merger Transactions. Shares of Class A Restricted Stock are considered to be legally issued and outstanding as of the date of grant, notwithstanding that the shares remain subject to risk of forfeiture if the vesting conditions for such shares are not met. For financial statement presentation purposes, Class A Restricted Stock is treated as issued, but will only be treated as outstanding after such awards have vested and, therefore, have ceased to be subject to a risk of forfeiture. Accordingly, unvested shares of Class A Restricted Stock are excluded from the calculation of net loss per share of Class A Common Stock. Going Concern The Company has incurred losses since its inception. The Company s net loss was million and cash used for operating activities was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s primary source of liquidity is its cash and cash equivalents, with additional capital resources accessible, subject to market conditions and other factors, from the capital markets, including through offerings of common stock or other securities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of cash and cash equivalents and million of current liabilities. 
 
 The Company anticipates that it will continue to generate losses for the next several years. Over the longer term and until the Company can generate cash flows sufficient to support its operating capital requirements, it expects to finance a portion of future cash needs through (i) cash on hand, (ii) commercialization activities, which may result in various types of revenue streams from future product development agreements and technology licenses, including upfront and milestone payments, annual license fees, and royalties, (iii) government or other third party funding, (iv) public or private equity or debt financings, or (v) a combination of the foregoing. On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (Sales Agreement) with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (Stifel). Pursuant to the terms of the Sales Agreement, the Company may offer and sell through Stifel, from time-to-time and at its sole discretion, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to million (ATM Facility). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock and received net proceeds of approximately million from the ATM Facility. 
 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not 
 - 11 - 

- 12 - 

recognized any impairment losses related to long-lived assets or finite-lived intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. reporting unit. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount or elects to bypass such assessment. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or the Company elects to bypass the qualitative assessment, it performs a quantitative test by determining the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company experienced a Triggering Event and assessed its goodwill for impairment. The Company considered the decline in its stock price since its last annual assessment and concluded it was more likely than not that its goodwill would be impaired. The Company then performed a quantitative analysis and concluded that its goodwill was impaired. Management makes critical assumptions and estimates in completing impairment assessments of goodwill. The Company utilized the discounted cash flow method to calculate the fair value for its goodwill. The Company's cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future royalties and operating margins, economic conditions, probability of success, market competition, inflation, and discount rates. The Company utilized its most recent cash flow projections in combination with the decline of the Company's stock price as of September 30, 2024, to calculate the fair value of its goodwill using a long-term growth rate of percent and a discount rate of percent, which is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Company determined its goodwill was impaired by million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was recorded in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 million in contract assets as of September 30, 2024, which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. There were million in contract assets as of December 31, 2023. The Company records contract liabilities when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance, primarily related to advances of upfront and milestone payments from contract research and collaboration agreements. Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company expects to recognize the amounts included in deferred revenues within one year. 
 Consideration earned ) Consideration received Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023, was recognized as revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 - 13 - 

- 14 - 

Acquired from merger with Cibus Global, LLC Consideration earned ) Consideration received Balance as of September 30, 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, million of the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2022, was recognized as revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 percent of the actual Subject Revenues collected. The Warrant Exchange Agreement (as defined in Note 10) is on a cash basis meaning that all Royalty Payments to Royalty Holders in a given period are based on cash actually collected by the Company for Subject Revenues in that period. The Company will periodically reassess the estimated future Royalty Payments using internal projections and external sources. If the amount or timing of these payments significantly deviates from the original estimates, an adjustment will be recorded prospectively as an increase or decrease to interest expense. Fluctuations in the Royalty Liability balance, resulting from changes in Cibus' business model and anticipated Subject Revenues, may cause fluctuations in the Company s earnings. 
 
 Estimates of total future Subject Revenues to be collected from customers are inherently uncertain. Such estimates are impacted by management s estimate of the number of total acres for various geographies on which seeds with each Cibus trait will be planted, which is based on industry sources or references regarding the need for a specific trait in specific crops and geographies, taking into account assumptions about competition, trait relevance, switching costs and adoption timeframes, and various other factors. Such estimates are also impacted by management s assumptions regarding the potential per acre fees that the Company may receive in respect of applicable traits, taking into account available market information regarding competitors current trait fees as well as assumptions regarding competition, trait relevance and trait value in specific geographies and potential savings to farmers, switching costs, and various other factors. 
 
 See Note 10 for further details. 
 - 15 - 

) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding Effect of pre-funded warrants Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share of Class A common stock The Company s potential dilutive securities, which include warrants issued by the Company (which can be exercised to purchase the Company's Class A Common Stock) in a follow-on offering in 2022 (the 2022 Common Warrants) and in a registered direct offering in June 2024 (the 2024 Common Warrants and, together with the 2022 Common Warrants, the Common Warrants 
 Unvested restricted stock units Unvested restricted stock awards Common warrants Total 
 
 outstanding 2022 Common Warrants which expire on August 23, 2027, and are each exercisable for share of the Company s Class A Common Stock for per share , after giving effect to the Reverse 
 - 16 - 

percent or more of the outstanding Class A Common Stock of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization, or recapitalization of the Class A Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash, or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination with another person or group of persons whereby such other person or group acquires more than percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (not including any shares of Class A Common Stock held by the other person or other persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (the Fundamental Change Put). If the Fundamental Change Put is exercised by the holder of a 2022 Common Warrant, holder may elect to receive either the consideration of the Fundamental Transaction or put the 2022 Common Warrants back to the Company in exchange for cash, based on terms and timing specified in the 2022 Common Warrant agreement. If the Fundamental Change Put option is exercised, the Company is required to pay cash to the holder in an amount as determined by the Black-Scholes pricing model, with assumptions determined in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Common Warrants. The Company believes that the Merger Transactions did not qualify as a Fundamental Transaction. 2024 Common Warrant s The Company issued the 2024 Common Warrants in the 2024 Follow-On Offering, defined below in Note 6. The Common Warrants included in the table above include outstanding 2024 Common Warrants which are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share (or per share, in the case of 2024 Common Warrants issued to one of the Company s executive officers) until fully exercised, subject to ownership limitations, and expire after their date of issuance. The 2024 Common Warrants are recorded as a liability in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Common Warrants The Common Warrants are reported at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. The Company reports the changes in fair value of the Common Warrants in non-operating income (expense), net in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 - 17 - 

2. 
 share of Class B Common Stock and Common Unit, at the closing of the Merger Transactions (Electing Members). The Up-C Units are generally exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis, subject to certain restrictions. In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation, Cibus Global is considered a Variable Interest Entity with Cibus as its sole managing member and primary beneficiary. As such, Cibus consolidates Cibus Global, and the remaining Common Unit holders that hold economic interest directly in Cibus Global are presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest on the Company s financial statements. There are no restrictions on the use of assets of Cibus Global. Redeemable noncontrolling interest represents the portion of Cibus Global Common Units that are not owned directly by the Company. Redeemable noncontrolling interest is classified as temporary equity because the Common Units contained certain redemption features that were not solely within the control of the Company. As of May 31, 2023, (the closing date of the Merger Transactions) the Common Unit holders of the redeemable noncontrolling interest owned approximately percent of Cibus Global. As of September 30, 2024, the Common Unit holders of the redeemable noncontrolling interest owned approximately percent of Cibus Global. Purchase Price Multiplied by the fair value per share of Cibus, Inc. Class A Common Stock (2) 
 Purchase price ___________________________________________ (1) This share number represents the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued to Cibus Global members in the Merger Transactions and comprises: shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock. This share number excludes shares of Class A Restricted Stock, which are treated as issued and outstanding for financial statement presentation purposes only after such awards have vested and, therefore, have ceased to be subject to a risk of forfeiture. 
 Purchase Price Allocation The acquisition of Cibus Global was accounted for using the acquisition method, whereby all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their fair value on the acquisition date, with any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value recorded as goodwill. Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest, if applicable, are recorded at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Significant judgment is required in determining the acquisition date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, predominantly with respect to intangible assets and the Royalty Liability. Evaluations included numerous inputs, including forecasted cash flows that incorporate the specific attributes of each asset. The Company evaluated all available information, as well as all appropriate methodologies, when determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest. In addition, the Company determined the amortization period and method of amortization for each finite-lived intangible asset. 
 
 - 18 - 

Accounts receivable Due from related parties Note receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use-assets Goodwill Intangible assets Other non-current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Accrued compensation ) Due to related parties ) Deferred revenue ) Current portion of notes payable ) Current portion of operating lease obligations ) Current portion of financing lease obligations ) Other current liabilities ) Notes payable, net of current portion ) Operating lease obligations, net of current portion ) Financing lease obligations, net of current portion ) Royalty liability - related parties ) Other non-current liabilities ) Consideration transferred Receivables have been recognized at their fair value, and the Company has not recognized, and it does not expect, any credit losses and therefore expects cash flows to match the recognized receivables. 
 - 19 - 

Indefinite Developed technology Trade name Total The weighted average amortization period for the Company's finite-lived intangible assets, including developed technology and trade names, was years. The Company incurred expenses of approximately million in connection with the completion of the Merger Transactions, of which approximately million was recognized in 2022. During 2023, approximately million in legal and professional fees, million in severance costs resulting from pre-existing employment agreements, and million in stock compensation expense from accelerated share vesting per the individual stock award agreements, were included in SG A expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, during 2023, approximately million in stock compensation expense from accelerated share vesting per the individual stock award agreements, was included in R D expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Pro forma net loss ) ) Pro forma net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) Pro forma net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Tax Receivable Agreement In conjunction with the Merger Transactions, the Company entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) with the Electing Members. Pursuant to the TRA, the Company generally will be required to pay to the Electing Members, in the aggregate, percent of the net income tax savings that the Company actually realizes (or in certain circumstances, is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) certain favorable tax attributes the Company acquired from the blocker entities party to the Merger Agreement in connection with the Merger Transactions (including net operating losses), (ii) increases to the Company's allocatable share of the tax basis of Cibus Global's assets resulting from future redemptions or exchanges of Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock or cash, (iii) tax attributes resulting from certain payments made under the TRA and (iv) deductions in respect of interest under the TRA. The payment obligations under the TRA are the Company's obligations and not obligations of Cibus Global. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were Up-C Units exchanged by Electing Members for shares of Class A Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as the realizability of the tax benefit is not at the more likely than not threshold. Since the benefit has not been recorded, the Company determined that the TRA liability is not probable and therefore no TRA liability has been recorded as of September 30, 2024. 

3. 
 - 20 - 

Total ________________________________________________ (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value of Liabilities Fair Value of Liabilities In Thousands Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Common Warrants Total Issued Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 The following table summarizes the Common Warrants activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023: In Thousands Level 3 Fair Value of Liabilities Balance as of December 31, 2022 Change in fair value Balance as of September 30, 2023 The Company estimates the fair value of the Common Warrants as of the date of issuance and at the end of every reporting period using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires it to make assumptions regarding future stock price volatility and dividend yield. The Company estimates the risk-free interest rate based on the United States Treasury zero-coupon yield curve for the remaining life of the Common Warrants. The Company estimates its future stock price volatility using a weighted average historical volatility which takes into consideration the Company's historical volatility and historical volatility from a group of guideline companies, over the remaining life of the Common Warrants. The Company does not pay dividends and does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The assumptions used for the initial valuation of the 2024 Common Warrants consisted of a risk-free interest rate of percent, expected volatility of percent, and an expected term of which resulted in an estimated fair value of per 2024 Common Warrant. 
 - 21 - 

- 
 Assumptions: Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected term to liquidation (in years) - 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no other financial instruments measured at fair value. Concentrations of Credit Risk 

4. 
 - 
 Leasehold improvements shorter of lease term or useful life 
 Office furniture and equipment - 
 Office furniture and equipment under financing leases - 
 Computer equipment and software - 
 Assets in progress N/A Total property, plant, and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 
 Depreciation and amortization expense is as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, In Thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 5. million (of which million was impaired in the fourth quarter of 2023). The Company had goodwill prior to the Merger Transactions. Goodwill represents future economic benefits arising from acquiring Cibus Global, primarily due to its strong market position and its assembled workforce that are not individually identified and separately recognized as intangible assets. of the goodwill recognized is expected 
 - 22 - 

Impairment ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Intangible Assets 
 Trade name Other Total intangible assets Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 

6. share of the Company's Class A Common Stock for per share. The 2022 Common Warrants are recorded as a liability in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Per the terms of the 2022 Common Warrants, holders of outstanding 2022 Common Warrants are not entitled to exercise any portion of such warrant if, upon exercise, the holder s ownership of the Company s Class A Common Stock (together with its affiliates) or the combined voting power of the Company s securities beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) would exceed percent after giving effect to the exercise. December 2023 Equity Follow-On Offering 
 - 23 - 

shares of its Class A Common Stock and, in lieu of Class A Common Stock to one of the Company s executive officers, pre-funded warrants (2023 Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock (Warrant Shares) in an underwritten registered direct offering (2023 Follow-On Offering). The offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock in the 2023 Follow-On Offering was per share, except for shares of Class A Common Stock purchased by an executive officer of the Company, which were offered at a price of per share, which was the closing bid price for shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock on December 11, 2023, and per 2023 Pre-Funded Warrant, which was the closing bid price for shares of Class A Common Stock on December 11, 2023, minus the exercise price per 2023 Pre-Funded Warrant. The 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable until fully exercised at an exercise price of per share, subject to an ownership limitation. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants remain outstanding and exercisable, subject to an ownership limitation, as of September 30, 2024. The 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants were recorded as a component of stockholders equity within additional paid-in capital in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets , and the shares issuable upon exercise are included in the determination of the Company s basic and diluted net loss per share of Class A Common Stock. June 2024 Registered Direct Offering In June 2024, the Company issued shares of its Class A Common Stock together with an accompanying 2024 Common Warrant to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock in a registered direct offering (2024 Follow-On Offering). The combined offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock and the accompanying 2024 Common Warrant was per share, except that each share of Class A Common Stock and the accompanying 2024 Common Warrant issued to one of the Company s executive officers was issued at a combined offering price of per share. The 2024 Common Warrants are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share (or per share, in the case of 2024 Common Warrants issued to one of the Company s executive officers) until fully exercised, subject to ownership limitations, and expire after their date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million from the 2024 Follow-On Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The net proceeds were allocated between the 2024 Common Warrants and the Class A Common Stock based on their relative fair values. The fair value of the 2024 Common Warrants was million with associated costs of million included in SG A expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The net proceeds of Class A Common Stock were million. The 2024 Common Warrants are recorded as a liability in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The 2024 Common Warrants may be redeemed at the Company s option at any time following the occurrence of (i) the Company s public announcement of an operational Soybean platform and (ii) the first date on which the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq equals or exceeds per share for fifteen consecutive trading days, at a redemption price of per 2024 Common Warrant. Issued Forfeited/canceled Exercised Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 September 2024 SEC-Registered Underwritten Offering In September 2024, the Company issued shares of its Class A Common Stock in an SEC-registered underwritten offering, including shares issued to one of the Company s executive officers. The offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock was per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting approximately million for the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. ATM Facility 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock and received net proceeds of approximately million from the ATM Facility after deducting approximately million for the commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Class A Common Stock 
 - 24 - 

-for-one basis, subject to certain restrictions. The Electing Members ownership of Common Units represents the redeemable noncontrolling interest. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were Up-C Units exchanged by Electing Members for Class A Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were Cibus Common Units outstanding. Of the Cibus Common Units outstanding, are held by Cibus Inc. and are held by the Electing Members. Preferred Stock Pursuant to the Amended Certificate of Incorporation, following the consummation of the Merger Transactions, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has t issued any preferred stock. 
 
 7. 
 shares were available for grant in the form of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, and PSUs under the 2017 Plan. Stock-based awards currently outstanding also include awards granted under the 2014 Plan. further awards are available for grant or will be granted under the 2014 Plan. 
 Stock Options Assumptions: Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 
 - 25 - 

percent or more of the closing share price on the date of grant and generally vest over three to following the grant date. Options generally expire years after the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested Exercised Forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, options outstanding had aggregate intrinsic value and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. As of September 30, 2024, options exercisable had aggregate intrinsic value and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. 
 As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options was million which has a weighted average remaining recognition period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Awards The Company granted awards of Class A Restricted Stock (RSAs), in connection with the Merger Transactions, to Cibus Global members who held unvested restricted profits interest units. The RSAs will continue to vest following their original vesting schedules over the remaining life of the awards which is generally months to after the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 There were RSAs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The weighted average grant date fair value of RSAs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was . 
 - 26 - 

As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to RSAs was million which has a weighted average remaining recognition period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company grants RSUs which generally vest over three to after the date of grant. Upon vesting, the RSUs are settled as shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was . The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs was million which has a weighted average remaining recognition period of years. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 From time-to-time, the Company issues PSUs to certain individuals in management in order to align their objectives with stockholders of the Company. Depending upon the type of PSU award, the Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model when estimating the fair value of these awards. There were PSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs 
 - 27 - 

. 
 ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, there is unrecognized compensation expense related to PSUs. 
 
 8. current income tax provision has been recorded for United States operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the Company's history of net operating losses, and the maintenance of a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were Up-C Units exchanged by Electing Members for shares of Class A Common Stock. As described in Note 2, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as the realizability of the tax benefit is not at the more likely than not threshold. Since the benefit has not been recorded, the Company determined that the TRA liability is not probable and therefore no TRA liability has been recorded as of September 30, 2024. 

9. 
 
 San Diego, California laboratory lease San Diego, California headquarters lease San Diego, California greenhouse lease Other leases 
 The Roseville, Minnesota lease includes options to extend the lease for . These options to extend the lease are not recognized as part of the associated operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities as it is not reasonably certain that the Company will exercise those options. The Company s lease agreement does not include options to terminate the lease. The Company's headquarters are located in San Diego, California where it leases its headquarters facility, which includes office and laboratory space, and it has a trait development facility for editing plants with terms that expire in March 2033 and August 2025, respectively. In June 2024, the headquarters facility lease term was extended until March 2033. The headquarters facility lease includes option to extend the lease that the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise at the lease commencement; therefore, the 
 - 28 - 

option to extend the trait development facility lease for , but will terminate the lease in August 2025. As the Company was not reasonably certain to exercise this option at lease commencement, the option was not recognized as part of the associated operating lease ROU asset or lease liability. 
 Additionally, the Company has certain leases for greenhouse and warehouse facilities, with terms that expire in August 2028 and August 2026, respectively. The Company had option to extend the term of the greenhouse lease, for , and executed this right with an amended lease agreement beginning in September 2023 and expiring at the end of August 2028. There are no other options to extend this lease. The Company has option to extend the warehouse lease for . However, as the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise this option at lease commencement, the option was not recognized as part of the associated operating lease ROU asset or lease liability. 
 Certain leases include rent abatement, rent escalations, tenant improvement allowances, and additional charges for common area maintenance and other costs. The Company is required to pay base rent expense as well as its proportionate share of the facilities operating expenses. The non-lease components, consisting primarily of common area maintenance, are paid separately based on actual costs incurred. Therefore, the variable non-lease components were not included in the operating lease ROU assets or lease liabilities and are reflected as expense in the period incurred. 
 
 Operating lease costs Total 
 Operating lease costs for short-term leases was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, or 2023. 
 Financing cash flows (finance leases) 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Operating Financing Operating Financing Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 - 29 - 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Less: interest ) ) ) Total Current portion Noncurrent portion 
 Cibus Non-Profit Foundation During 2022, Cibus Global created the Cibus Charitable Foundation, Inc., a nonprofit legal entity (the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation). As of September 30, 2024, the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation has not received any donations or commenced operations. The Company is obligated to make donations to the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation each fiscal year at a rate of percent of all net royalty revenue in the applicable fiscal year that is equal to or greater than million up to, and including, billion, and then steps up to percent in respect of any portion of such net royalty revenue in excess of billion. For purposes of this calculation, net royalty revenue refers to all royalty payments received by the Company, net of all taxes (other than income taxes) and all amounts payable pursuant to the Royalty Liability. The donation payable by the Company may be reduced, including to zero, to the extent necessary to comply with any covenant or obligation in any instrument evidencing third party indebtedness, to permit a financing to occur, to preclude undercapitalization, to satisfy working capital requirements or provide for strategic needs of the Company, to ensure timely payment of the Company's liabilities and debts to third parties as they become due, or to comply with applicable law. The Company has agreed not to enter any change of control transaction unless the surviving entity assumes the obligation to pay such donations to the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation. 
 This obligation is contingent upon the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation obtaining and maintaining its status as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization, although such registration has not yet been achieved. The Cibus Non-Profit Foundation must use all donations received consistent with its mission statement: to drive sustainable agriculture and sustainable agricultural communities in the developing world. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had not recorded a liability related to its obligations to the Cibus Non-Profit Foundation within the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Litigation and Claims 

10. 
 percent of specified Subject Revenues (as defined in the Warrant Exchange Agreement) actually collected, attributable to product sales, license fees, sublicense payments, distribution fees, milestones, maintenance payments, royalties, and distributions to the Company, arising from products or technology developed using or based upon intellectual property rights in RTDS or oligonucleotide directed mutagenesis technology applied in plants, biologicals, animals, and humans, as well as improvements related to such products or technology. Subject Revenues exclude revenues attributable to certain Nucelis product lines (certain applications in microorganisms), amounts received from the sale or disposition of the Company s assets to the extent the purchaser agrees to be bound by the Warrant Exchange Agreement, fair market value payments for Cibus Global capital stock, and revenues attributable to collaboration and research projects. Royalty Payments are contingent because they are based upon the actual cash amounts constituting Subject Revenues that are collected from the 
 - 30 - 

million, at which point Cibus Global will be obligated to pay all aggregated but unpaid payments under the Warrant Exchange Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the amount of aggregated, but unpaid, Royalty Payments is million. The initial term of the Warrant Exchange Agreement is years from the date the first Royalty Payment becomes due and may be extended for an additional term upon written notice and a payment. Pursuant to the IP Security Agreement, Cibus Global s payment and performance obligations under the Warrant Exchange Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of Cibus Global s intellectual property. The Royalty Liability calculation is based on the Company s current estimates of future Subject Revenues collected by the Company from customers and, in turn, expected Royalty Payments based on these Subject Revenues to be paid to Royalty Holders over the life of the arrangement based on percent of the actual Subject Revenues collected. The Warrant Exchange Agreement is on a cash basis meaning that all Royalty Payments to Royalty Holders in a given period are based on cash actually collected by the Company for Subject Revenues in that period. The Company recorded the Royalty Liability obligation at fair value as of May 31, 2023, in connection with the acquisition of Cibus Global, LLC. The Company will periodically reassess the estimated future Royalty Payments using internal projections and external sources. Any change in estimated future Royalty Payments, resulting from changes in Cibus business model and anticipated Subject Revenues, is recognized prospectively as an adjustment to the effective yield as an increase or decrease to interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, the Royalty Liability reflected an effective yield of percent. As of December 31, 2023 , the Royalty Liability reflected an effective yield of percent. 
 Interest expense recognized Balance as of September 30, 2024 

11. 
 Selling, general, and administrative Total 
 
 - 31 - 

Unpaid stock offering costs included in stockholders equity Shares issued for consideration in the merger with Cibus Global Forgiveness of interim funding resulting from merger with Cibus Global Establishment of financing lease right-of-use assets and associated financing lease liabilities Establishment of operating lease right-of-use assets and associated operating lease liabilities 
 
 12. million of deferred revenue from R D activities under the P G agreement. The Company has determined the P G agreement should be accounted for under Topic 606, and it will recognize revenue over time proportional to the R D activities performed by the Company related to the collaboration agreement. 
 
 13. 
 million. The Company agreed to indemnify Cellectis for any obligations incurred by Cellectis under its guaranty of the obligations under the lease, effective upon Cellectis ownership falling to percent or less of the Company s outstanding common stock. This indemnification obligation was triggered in October 2022. Prior to the Merger Transactions, amounts payable to Cellectis were reported in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets as Due to related parties. Beginning with the three months ended June 30, 2023, any amounts payable to Cellectis are included in accrued expenses in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 14. full-time employees. The Company estimates that it will incur approximately million of one-time cash expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 in connection with the reduction in workforce, primarily related to accrued vacation and severance payments along with approximately million of one-time non-cash stock compensation expense related to the acceleration of unvested RSAs approved by the Board of Directors of Cibus. The Company communicated the workforce reduction to affected employees on October 18, 2024. The Company has initiated additional cost reduction actions designed to preserve capital resources for the advancement of its streamlined priority objectives, which initiatives include reductions in expenditures for consultants and other third-party service providers, organizational restructuring and related talent optimization, and streamlining of rent and facility expenses, including the non-renewal of the lease for the Company s trait development facility for editing plants in San Diego, California upon expiration in August 2025. 
 - 32 - 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read together with its condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024 (Annual Report), including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes incorporated therein. 

OVERVIEW AND BUSINESS UPDATE Cibus is a leading agricultural biotechnology company that uses proprietary gene editing technologies to develop plant traits (or specific genetic characteristics) in seeds. Its primary business is the development of plant traits that help address specific productivity or yield challenges in farming such as traits for weed management and disease resistance. These traits are referred to as productivity traits because they can improve farming productivity, profitability and sustainability. Certain productivity traits lead to the reduction in the use of chemicals like fungicides, insecticides, or the reduction of fertilizer use, while others make crops more adaptable to their environment or to climate change. The ability to develop productivity traits in seeds that can increase farming productivity and reduce the use of chemicals in farming is the promise of gene editing technologies. In addition to Cibus' pipeline of five productivity traits, Cibus is developing, through a partner-funded project, sustainable ingredients or materials for the consumer packaged goods industry that do not negatively impact the environment during production, use, or disposal. Cibus core technology is its propriety gene editing platform called the Rapid Trait Development System or RTDS . It is the underlying technology in Cibus Trait Machine process: a standardized end-to-end semi-automated high-throughput gene editing system that directly edits seed companies elite germplasm. It is a timebound, reproducible, and predictable science-based breeding process. RTDS is covered by over 500 patents or patents pending. The Company considers the Trait Machine process an important technological milestone that represents a breakthrough in the achievement of a standardized high-throughput gene editing system that provides the speed, precision, and scale that is the promise of gene editing. A key aspect of Cibus' Trait Machine process is that plant traits developed using this technology are indistinguishable from plant traits developed using conventional plant breeding (or, from nature). Because of this, most major jurisdictions have either passed regulations or started processes to introduce regulations that generally treat traits developed using gene editing on the same basis as traits developed using conventional plant breeding. All traits developed using RTDS comprise the types of changes that arise naturally in conventional plant breeding programs. GMO technologies enabled major improvements in farming productivity. Unfortunately, because GMO technologies use foreign DNA, or transgenes, the development of major GMO traits has faced headwinds. For example, in the European Union (EU), GMO traits were essentially banned, and imports were heavily regulated. Changes in place in key countries and presently under consideration in Europe are aimed at harmonizing how gene edited traits are regulated in order to align with regulations for traits from conventional plant breeding. These changes highlight the major global evolution away from the heavily regulated GMO technology and acceptance of gene editing technologies. This is a big moment for Cibus that the Company has been working towards since its founding. Cibus believes that its RTDS technologies and Trait Machine process represent a paradigm shift in plant breeding: the ability to materially change the productivity of the breeding process that currently averages more than a decade with a scientifically based process whose trait products are indistinguishable from traits developed through conventional plant breeding and that are regulated as such. The Trait Machine process materially changes not only the speed and scale of the breeding process, but it also exponentially changes the range of possible genetic solutions from breeding and with it, the capability to develop desired characteristics or traits needed for greater farming sustainability and food security. Cibus is a leader in the gene editing era an industry characterized by high-throughput gene editing processes serving as extensions of plant breeding operations for seed company customers. Cibus is the leader in this vision. Cibus and its Trait Machine process do not compete with seed companies breeding operations, they augment them. Cibus provides complex traits that it edits in the elite germplasm of its customers for commercialization. Its role is to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of developing the complex traits needed to address farming s most pressing productivity challenges. Importantly, Cibus and its Trait Machine process provides the ability to efficiently gene edit these complex traits directly into elite germplasm of any of the major crops with a new speed, precision, and scale. Cibus believes that this is the Future of Breeding . Cibus believes that its gene editing technologies and trait products have the potential to accelerate agriculture s jump to a climate smart, more sustainable, crop production system and industry s move to sustainable, natural, and low carbon materials or ingredients. The Company believes that a measure of the success of its RTDS technologies and its Trait Machine process is that Cibus has been able to develop a pipeline of five productivity traits, four of which are applicable to multiple crops. Three of Cibus' five productivity traits are developed, meaning that they have been edited in a customer's elite germplasm and have been validated in field trials. In Canola and Winter Oilseed Rape (WOSR), the Company's Pod Shatter Reduction (PSR) trait has been edited into the elite lines of customer seed company partners and transferred back to these customers in their elite germplasm for potential commercial launch. In Rice, gene-edited herbicide tolerance (HT) traits HT1 and HT3 are being introgressed into multiple customers genetics for United States and Latin America, and Cibus is also initiating efforts to directly edit the HT1 and HT3 traits in certain 
 - 33 - 

customers germplasm. Two of the pipeline traits are advanced, meaning that the editing and trait development process is underway with known edit targets. Currently, these advanced traits include a trait for Sclerotinia (white mold disease) resistance and herbicide tolerance in Canola (HT2). Activities in 2024 through the date of this filing have been transformative for Cibus, including significant progress across crop platforms for its developed traits and achieving important milestones in its advanced traits. On October 18, 2024, the Company announced a restructuring initiative, as it continues its transformation from a Research and Development (R D) driven organization to a focused commercial stage gene editing company in agriculture. Cibus' related cost reduction actions, including a reduction in force, are expected to save the Company approximately 10.0 million on an annualized run-rate basis. When these and other initiatives are fully implemented by early 2025, the Company expects them to translate to a reduction in monthly cash use by approximately 20 percent. These initiatives are a result of the Company's realigned organization focus, which focuses the allocation of its capital resources toward its commercial effort priorities through advancement of Cibus' weed management traits HT1 and HT3 for Rice, Sclerotinia resistance trait for Soybean and Canola, and the continuing development of Cibus' Soybean platform, while enabling continued progress on Cibus' PSR trait and its third weed management trait HT2 with a more streamlined use of resources. The Company will also continue to opportunistically pursue partner-funded projects. In regards to the commercial progress for its HT1 and HT3 developed traits in Rice, Cibus has made substantial advancement with its trait transfer process having received germplasm from all four of its major Rice seed company customers and has either completed or initiated trait transfer to the customer germplasm. In addition, the company completed a successful field trial with one of its customer's germplasm in the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, Cibus, RTDC Corporation Limited (RTDCCL), and Albaugh LLC (Albaugh) entered into an amendment to certain existing agreements to continue a collaboration that brings Cibus HT3 trait in Rice, which is Clethodim-tolerant, to seed customers in the United States utilizing Albaugh s herbicide registration and crop protection expertise. The agreement also establishes Cibus' financial obligations, including with respect to the allocation of trait fees and royalties received by Cibus to RTDCCL and Albaugh. The Company also completed its first field trial for stacked gene edited HT traits in an elite variety. 
 
 Within the Company s Canola platform, Cibus achieved significant progress with its developed PSR trait in WOSR, completing an initial field trial in the United Kingdom with multiple customers' germplasm. This achievement is an important milestone in furthering Cibus' commercialization efforts for WOSR in Europe. 
 
 With respect to Cibus' multi-crop advanced traits, Cibus made important advancements in line with its anticipated milestones. For its Sclerotinia resistance trait in Canola, the Company has received field trial results for the second mode of action and expects greenhouse data for the third mode of action in the fourth quarter of 2024. This progress with the Sclerotinia resistance trait is particularly significant as it represents advancement toward providing durable disease resistance to White Mold across multiple crops, including Canola and Soybean. The Company also received positive greenhouse data for its HT2 trait in Canola, with additional field trials anticipated to be completed in 2025. 
 
 The Company continues to make progress in developing its Soybean platform. Once the Soybean platform is operational, it will be possible for Cibus to develop and commercialize its multi-crop traits contemporaneously in any or all of three major crops (Rice, Canola, and Soybean). Supporting Cibus commercial efforts is the Company s proprietary gene editing platform, which represents a paradigm shift in breeding complex traits, built on decades of rigorous research and development and backed by an extensive intellectual property portfolio. Through the first nine months of 2024, Cibus received additional patents across 10 plant gene editing and trait families, which further strengthened the Company s IP portfolio including in its weed management and herbicide tolerance trait families. The Company's IP expansion covers gene editing, productivity traits, and quality traits patent coverage in geographies including, but not limited to, Europe, Asia, Latin America, and North America. The advancing global regulation of gene editing technologies in agriculture continued its general positive progression. In May 2024, Canada joined other jurisdictions endorsing additional policies to regulate gene editing technology in feed (including that used in Cibus' RTDS similar to conventional breeding methods. Previously, on February 7, 2024, the Parliament of the EU voted in favor of new laws that would differentiate gene editing technologies from GMO technology. The proposal adopted by the EU Parliament would regulate certain traits from gene editing as conventional-like or like traits developed using conventional plant breeding. There is still ongoing discussion of how to address traits for HT in the EU. Final approval of the EU Parliament's proposal will be based upon ongoing negotiations among the EU Parliament, the EU Council, and the European Commission to finalize legislation for adoption. 
 
 While the legislative process remains ongoing in the EU, other major developed market countries including Canada, the United Kingdom, United States, and the major markets in South America are now treating traits from gene editing as conventional-like. Although there can be no assurance when the final EU legislation will be adopted, its passage would bring the EU closer to other major developed markets resulting in more consistent regulations for the planting, import, and export of products or commodities. For this reason, Cibus believes the impact of these regulations is indicative of the beginning of the gene editing era an era in which products from the most advanced technologies in breeding and gene editing will be regulated on the same basis as products developed using conventional breeding an era in which technology promises to change the speed and scale of trait development as new technologies have done in many industries and an era that Cibus believes represents agriculture s analog to digital moment: the ability to develop traits more accurately and with less time and cost involved in conventional breeding of traits or in GMO trait breeding. 
 - 34 - 

The Company has incurred net losses since its inception. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 708.1 million. The Company s net loss was 256.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As Cibus continues to develop its pipeline of productivity traits and as a result of its limited commercial activities, Cibus expects to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the next several years. Those expenses and losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. ATM Facility 
 
 On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (Sales Agreement) with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (Stifel). Pursuant to the terms of the Sales Agreement, the Company may offer and sell through Stifel, from time-to-time and at its sole discretion, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 80.0 million (ATM Facility). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 974,727 shares of Class A Common Stock and received net proceeds of approximately 16.9 million from the ATM Facility. June 2024 Registered Direct Offering In June 2024, the Company issued 1,298,040 shares of its Class A Common Stock together with accompanying warrants (2024 Common Warrants) to purchase up to 1,298,040 shares of Class A Common Stock in a registered direct offering (2024 Follow-On Offering). The combined offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock and the accompanying 2024 Common Warrant was 10.00 per share, except that each share of Class A Common Stock and the accompanying 2024 Common Warrant issued to one of the Company s executive officers was issued at a combined offering price of 10.20 per share. The 2024 Common Warrants are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 10.00 per share (or 10.07 per share, in the case of 2024 Common Warrants issued to one of the Company s executive officers) until fully exercised, subject to ownership limitations, and expire five years after their date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 12.0 million from the 2024 Follow-On Offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. September 2024 SEC-Registered Underwritten Offering In September 2024, the Company issued 3,289,953 shares of its Class A Common Stock in an SEC-registered underwritten offering, including shares issued to one of the Company s executive officers. The offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock was 4.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 12.1 million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Strategic Realignment On October 16, 2024, the Board of Directors of Cibus approved a strategic realignment, which included an immediate reduction in workforce of approximately 26 full-time employees. The Company estimates that it will incur approximately 0.4 million of one-time cash expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 in connection with the reduction in workforce, primarily related to accrued vacation and severance payments along with approximately 0.2 million of one-time non-cash stock compensation expense related to the acceleration of unvested awards of Class A Restricted Stock (RSAs) approved by the Board of Directors of Cibus. The Company communicated the workforce reduction to affected employees on October 18, 2024. The Company has initiated additional cost reduction actions designed to preserve capital resources for the advancement of its streamlined priority objectives, which initiatives include reductions in expenditures for consultants and other third-party service providers, organizational restructuring and related talent optimization, and streamlining of rent and facility expenses, including the non-renewal of the lease for the Company s trait development facility for editing plants in San Diego, California upon expiration in August 2025. 
 - 35 - 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 A summary of the Company s results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 In Thousands, except per share and percentage values 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 Revenue 1,667 475 1,192 251 Research and development 12,990 17,521 (4,531) (26) Selling, general, and administrative 7,682 8,751 (1,069) (12) Goodwill impairment 181,432 181,432 NM Loss from operations (200,437) (25,797) (174,640) (677) Royalty liability interest expense - related parties (8,875) (8,136) (739) (9) Other interest income, net 160 281 (121) (43) Non-operating income (expense), net 7,706 (876) 8,582 980 Loss before income taxes (201,446) (34,528) (166,918) (483) Income tax expense (13) (13) NM Net loss (201,459) (34,528) (166,931) (483) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (21,491) (8,099) (13,392) (165) Net loss attributable to Cibus, Inc. (179,968) (26,429) (153,539) (581) Basic and diluted net loss per share of Class A common stock (7.63) (1.59) (6.04) (380) NM not meaningful Revenue 
 Revenue was 1.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.2 million from the third quarter of 2023. The increase was driven by amounts earned from collaboration agreements related to contract research for Soybean. Revenue in the third quarter of 2023 from Legacy Calyxt's operations was primarily associated with the Company s agreement with a large food ingredient manufacturer to develop a palm oil alternative. Research and Development Expense R D expense was 13.0 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 4.5 million from the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower non-cash stock compensation expense and the strategic realignment and reduction in force announced during the fourth quarter of 2023 which included decreases in personnel costs and supplies. Selling, General, and Administrative Expense Selling, General, and Administrative (SG A) expense was 7.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 1.1 million from the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower non-cash stock compensation expense. Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment was 181.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 181.4 million from the third quarter of 2023. The increase was due to the impairment of goodwill resulting from a fair value assessment, based on the decline of the Company's stock price, performed in the third quarter of 2024. Royalty Liability Interest Expense - Related Parties Royalty liability interest expense - related parties was 8.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 0.7 million from the third quarter of 2023. The increase was due to the increase in the Royalty Liability balance. Other Interest Income, net Other interest income, net was 0.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 0.1 million from the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was driven by interest earned on lower cash balances. Non-Operating Income (Expense), net Non-operating income (expense), net was income of 7.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase in income of 8.6 million from the third quarter of 2023. The increase in income was driven by the fair value adjustment of the Common Warrants (as defined in Note 1 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements). 
 - 36 - 

Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest was 21.5 million in third quarter of 2024, an increase in net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest of 13.4 million, from the third quarter of 2023. The increase in net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest is a result of the Up-C Units created as part of the closing of the Merger Transactions, and the amount for the period is based on the percentage of Cibus Global that is not owned by Cibus, Inc. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, COMPARED TO THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 A summary of the Company s results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 In Thousands, except per share and percentage values 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 Revenue 3,050 714 2,336 327 Research and development 37,996 28,159 9,837 35 Selling, general, and administrative 23,994 22,126 1,868 8 Goodwill impairment 181,432 181,432 NM Loss from operations (240,372) (49,571) (190,801) (385) Royalty liability interest expense - related parties (25,953) (10,753) (15,200) (141) Other interest income, net 522 359 163 45 Non-operating income (expense), net 8,917 (466) 9,383 2,014 Loss before income taxes (256,886) (60,431) (196,455) (325) Income tax expense (23) (23) NM Net loss (256,909) (60,431) (196,478) (325) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (28,623) (9,918) (18,705) (189) Net loss attributable to Cibus, Inc. (228,286) (50,513) (177,773) (352) Basic and diluted net loss per share of Class A common stock (10.33) (6.33) (4.00) (63) NM not meaningful Revenue 
 Revenue was 3.1 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 2.3 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was driven by the acquisition of Cibus Global revenue which included amounts earned from collaboration agreements related to contract research for Rice and Soybean. Revenue from operations associated with Legacy Calyxt in 2024 and 2023 was primarily associated with the Company s agreement with a large food ingredient manufacturer to develop a palm oil alternative. Research and Development Expense 
 R D expense was 38.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 9.8 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Cibus Global which included increases in headcount, laboratory supplies, and facility costs. The increase was partially offset by decreases of 1.4 million of stock compensation expense related to RSAs granted as part of the completion of the Merger Transactions, 1.3 million in one-time expenses due to the closing of the Merger Transactions in the first six months of 2023, and a decrease in Legacy Calyxt expenses due to lower headcount and cost reduction efforts in preparation for the Merger Transactions. Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 SG A expense was 24.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 1.9 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Cibus Global which included increases in headcount, professional fees, and stock compensation expense related to RSAs granted as part of the completion of the Merger Transactions. These expenses were partially offset by 6.5 million in one-time expenses due to the closing of the Merger Transactions in the first six months of 2023 as well as a decrease in Legacy Calyxt expenses due to lower headcount and cost reduction efforts in preparation of the Merger Transactions. Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment was 181.4 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 181.4 million from the first nine months of 
 - 37 - 

2023. The increase was due to the impairment of goodwill resulting from a fair value assessment, based on the decline of the Company's stock price, performed in the third quarter of 2024. Royalty Liability Interest Expense - Related Parties Royalty liability interest expense - related parties was 26.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 15.2 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was due to the assumption of the Royalty Liability as part of the Merger Transactions. Other Interest Income, net Other interest income, net was 0.5 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 0.2 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was driven by interest earned on cash balances. Non-Operating Income (Expense), net 
 Non-operating income (expense), net was income of 8.9 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase in income of 9.4 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase in income was driven by the fair value adjustment of the Common Warrants (as defined in Note 1 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements). Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest was 28.6 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase in net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest of 18.7 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase in net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest is a result of the Up-C Units created as part of the closing of the Merger Transactions, and the amount for the period is based on the percentage of Cibus Global that is not owned by Cibus, Inc. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity The Company s primary source of liquidity is its cash and cash equivalents, with additional capital resources accessible from the capital markets, subject to market conditions and other factors, including limitations that may apply to the Company under applicable Nasdaq regulations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 28.8 million of cash and cash equivalents. Current liabilities were 21.9 million as of September 30, 2024. The Company s liquidity funds its non-discretionary cash requirements and its discretionary spending. The Company has contractual obligations related to recurring business operations, primarily related to lease payments for its corporate and laboratory facilities. The Company s principal discretionary cash spending is for salaries, capital expenditures, short-term working capital payments, and professional and other transaction-related expenses incurred as the Company pursues additional financing. Until the Company is able to obtain additional public or private financing, it currently expects to satisfy its near-term requirements with existing cash on hand and proceeds raised from the ATM Facility. 
 
 The Company incurred a net loss of 256.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 708.1 million and expects to continue to incur losses in the future. 
 - 38 - 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, In Thousands, except percentage values 2024 2023 Change Change Net loss (256,909) (60,431) (196,478) (325) Royalty liability interest expense - related parties 25,953 10,753 15,200 141 Goodwill impairment 181,432 181,432 NM Depreciation and amortization 5,211 2,875 2,336 81 Stock-based compensation 8,030 11,670 (3,640) (31) Change in fair value of liability classified Class A common stock warrants (8,908) 1,221 (10,129) (830) Other (16) 17 (33) (194) Changes in operating assets and liabilities 1,159 4,702 (3,543) (75) Net cash used by operating activities (44,048) (29,193) (14,855) (51) NM not meaningful Net cash used by operating activities was 44.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase in cash used of 14.9 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase in cash used was primarily driven by a 11.3 million increase in net loss related to the operations acquired in the Merger Transactions and a decrease of 3.5 million from the changes in operating assets and liabilities related to assets and liabilities assumed from the closing of the Merger Transactions with Cibus Global, LLC. The Company expects cash used by operating activities in 2024 to be higher than 2023 driven by a full year of combined companies in 2024 versus only seven months of combined companies in 2023. Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, In Thousands, except percentage values 2024 2023 Change Change Cash acquired from merger with Cibus Global, LLC 59,381 (59,381) (100) Purchases of property, plant, and equipment (752) (3,872) 3,120 81 Net cash (used by) provided by investing activities (752) 55,509 (56,261) (101) Net cash used by investing activities was 0.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 while cash provided by investing activities was 55.5 million in the first nine months of 2023, a decrease in cash provided of 56.3 million from the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in cash provided was driven by the 59.4 million cash acquired as a result of the Merger Transactions in 2023 partially offset by a decrease of 3.1 million from purchases of property, plant, and equipment from the prior year. 
 The Company expects cash provided by investing activities in 2024 to be lower than 2023 driven by the cash acquired as a result of the Merger Transactions in 2023. Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, In Thousands, except percentage values 2024 2023 Change Change Proceeds from issuances of securities 43,902 43,902 NM Costs incurred related to issuances of securities (1,869) (1,869) NM Proceeds from draws on revolving line of credit from Cibus Global, LLC 2,500 (2,500) (100) Payment of taxes related to vested restricted stock units (214) (742) 528 71 Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 1,287 (1,287) (100) Repayments of financing lease obligations (174) (242) 68 28 Repayments of notes payable (741) (760) 19 3 Net cash provided by financing activities 40,904 2,043 38,861 1,902 NM not meaningful 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 40.9 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 38.9 million from the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily due to net proceeds from additional capital raised in 2024. The increase was partially 
 - 39 - 

offset by the 2.5 million receipt of funds from draws on the revolving line of credit from Cibus Global and by the 1.3 million issuance of notes payable related to equipment and insurance policy purchases, both in the prior year period. The Company expects cash provided by financing activities in 2024 to be higher than 2023 driven by the need to raise capital to fulfill the Company's anticipated spending in 2024 and beyond. Capital Resources The Company s primary source of liquidity is its cash and cash equivalents, with additional capital resources accessible, subject to market conditions and other factors, including limitations that may apply to the Company under applicable Nasdaq regulations, from the capital markets, including through stock offerings of common stock or other securities, which may be implemented pursuant to the Company s effective registration statement on Form S-3. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 974,727 shares of Class A Common Stock and received net proceeds of approximately 16.9 million from the ATM Facility. 
 
 Operating Capital Requirements The Company has incurred losses since its inception and its net loss was 256.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and it used 44.0 million of cash for operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 28.8 million of cash and cash equivalents. Current liabilities were 21.9 million as of September 30, 2024. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company initiated cost reduction initiatives designed to preserve capital resources for the advancement of its priority objectives. Such initiatives included reductions in capital expenditures, streamlining of independent contractor utilization and cost management, reduced and prioritized spending on business travel, careful management of contract approvals to ensure they align with priority objectives, and prioritization of near-term payment obligations. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company initiated additional cost reduction actions designed to preserve capital resources for the advancement of its streamlined priority objectives, which initiatives include reductions in expenditures for consultants and other third-party service providers, organizational restructuring and related talent optimization, and streamlining of rent and facility expenses, including the non-renewal of the lease for the Company s trait development facility for editing plants in San Diego, California upon expiration in August 2025. The Company has incurred losses since its inception and anticipates that it will continue to generate losses for the next several years. Over the longer term and until the Company can generate cash flows sufficient to support its operating capital requirements, it expects to finance a portion of future cash needs through (i) cash on hand, (ii) commercialization activities, which may result in various types of revenue streams from future trait R D collaboration agreements and technology licenses, including upfront and milestone payments, annual license fees, and royalties; (iii) government or other third party funding (iv) public or private equity or debt financings, or (v) a combination of the foregoing. However, capital generated by commercialization activities, if any, is expected to be received over a period of time and near-term additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described above. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern will depend on its ability to obtain additional public or private equity or debt financing (including through the continued availability of the ATM Facility), obtain government or private grants and other similar types of funding, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce or contain expenditures, and, ultimately, to generate revenue. The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024, is not sufficient to fund its operations for a period of 12 months or more from the date of this filing. Taking into account the impact of cost saving initiatives implemented through the date of this report and without giving effect to potential financing transactions Cibus is pursuing, Cibus expects that existing cash and cash equivalents will fund planned operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into late in the first quarter of 2025. The Company's assessment of the period of time through which its financial resources will be adequate to support its operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors. The Company has based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong. Circumstances and business conditions may change that would require the Company to use its cash resources for purposes beyond those that are currently forecast, which would shorten its cash runway. In addition, changes in market conditions may reduce the Company s opportunities to raise additional capital, including through the ATM Facility. The Company will need to raise additional capital to support its business plans to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital in a sufficient amount or on acceptable terms in the near term, the Company may have to implement additional, more stringent cost reduction measures to manage liquidity, and the Company may have to significantly delay, scale back, or cease operations, in part or in full. If the Company raises additional funds through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities, including as part of a strategic alternative, it could result in substantial dilution to its existing stockholders and increased fixed payment obligations, and these securities may have rights senior to those of the Company s shares of common stock. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's 
 - 40 - 

ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. Any of these events could impact the Company s business, financial condition, and prospects. The Company s financing needs are subject to change depending on, among other things, the success of its trait and product development efforts, the effective execution of its business model, its revenue, and its efforts to effectively manage expenses. The effects of macroeconomic events and potential geopolitical developments on the financial markets and broader economic uncertainties may make obtaining capital through equity or debt financings more challenging and may exacerbate the risk that such capital, if available, may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company. 
 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS, COMMITMENTS, AND CONTINGENCIES In June 2024, the Company's headquarters facility lease term was extended until March 2033. The additional operating lease right-of-use asset and associated operating lease liability was 16.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, other than described above, there were no other material changes in the Company's commitments under contractual obligations as disclosed in its Annual Report. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES The preceding discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon its condensed consolidated financial statements and the related disclosures, which have been prepared in accordance with United States GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the reported amounts in its condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company believes the policies discussed in Note 1, Nature of Business Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, are the most critical to an understanding of its financial condition and results of operations because they require it to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in the Company's critical accounting policies and estimates as disclosed in its Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, its principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

- 41 - 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings as of September 30, 2024. From time-to-time, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes in risk factors from those disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company did not issue any unregistered equity securities. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company did not repurchase any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 12,514 shares of Class A Common Stock were withheld for net share settlement resulting from restricted stock unit award vesting. 
 
 Item 5. . , , a of the Company, into a written plan for the sale of an aggregate number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock equal to the Plan Amount, which is the lesser of (i) shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and (ii) the number of shares necessary to satisfy Mr. Prante s personal tax liability in respect of certain grants of the Company s equity awards. The plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act and will automatically terminate when the Plan Amount is reached. 
 
 - 42 - 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 (a) Index of Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 13, 2023, by and among Cibus, Inc. (f/k/a Calyxt, Inc.), Calypso Merger Subsidiary, LLC, Cibus Global, LLC and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 
 2.2 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 14, 2023, by and among Cibus, Inc. (f/k/a Calyxt, Inc.) and Cibus Global, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2023) 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cibus, Inc., dated May 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cibus, Inc., dated May 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2023) 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 32 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page for the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, has been formatted in Inline XBRL 
 _______________________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 - 43 - 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 7, 2024. 
 CIBUS, INC. 
 By: /s/ Rory Riggs Name: Rory Riggs Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: /s/ Cornelis (Carlo) Broos 
 Name: Cornelis (Carlo) Broos 
 Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cbus-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-l4(a) AND l5d-l4(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED 
 I, Rory Riggs, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cibus, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and I 5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Rory Riggs Rory Riggs Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cbus-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED 
 I, Cornelis (Carlo) Broos, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cibus, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and I 5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Cornelis (Carlo) Broos Cornelis (Carlo) Broos Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 cbus-20240930xexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cibus, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Rory Riggs Rory Riggs Chief Executive Officer and Chairman s Cornelis (Carlo) Broos Cornelis (Carlo) Broos Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cbus-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cbus-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cbus-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cbus-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cbus-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

