<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_2016420_0001213900-24-098403.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3390660</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77119</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>820155</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>634966</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>851651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098403.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098403
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chenghe Acquisition II Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002016420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42123
		FILM NUMBER:		241461886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 BEACH ROAD #29-11
		STREET 2:		SOUTH BEACH TOWER
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			189767
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(65) 9851 8611

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 BEACH ROAD #29-11
		STREET 2:		SOUTH BEACH TOWER
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			189767

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098403.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0218891-10q_chenghe2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarter ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered American LLC American LLC American LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the
past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 11, 2024, there were 8,935,000 Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption),, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

CHENGHE
ACQUISITION II CO. 

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part
 I. Financial Information 

Item
 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and March 4, 2024 (Audited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through March 31, 2024 (Unaudited), for the three months
 ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and for the period
 from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed
 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes
 to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Part
 II. Other Information 

Item
 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 5. Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. Exhibits 
 
 23 
 
 Part
 III. Signatures 
 
 24 

i 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Interim Financial Statements. 

CHENGHE
ACQUISITION II CO. 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 March 4, 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Due to related party 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 8,625,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities,
 Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CHENGHE ACQUISITION II
CO. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Period from January 15, 2024 (Inception) 
 Through June 30, 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from January 15, 2024 (Inception) 
 Through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 2024 
 
 Operating and formation
 costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities
 held in Trust Account 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding,
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted
 net loss per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding, Class A and Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares (1) 

Basic and diluted
 net loss per share, Class A and Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CHENGHE
ACQUISITION II CO. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 15, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance As of January 15, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance As of March 31, 2024 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A ordinary shares 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance As of June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance As of September 30,
 2024 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CHENGHE ACQUISITION II
CO. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 15, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Advance from related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activity: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activity 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Change in value of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor from proceeds
 from issuance of ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid under the promissory note issued
 to Sponsor 

Operating expense paid under the promissory note issued to
 Sponsor 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CHENGHE
ACQUISITION II CO. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which include the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private
Placement Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Private Placement Units, the Private Shares to the Sponsor and underwriters at a price of per Unit, or in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting commission, and 
of other offering costs. 

Trust
Account 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, on June 10, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in the trust account (the Trust
Account ). The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with
respect to permitted withdrawals, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units will not be released from the
Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s
Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or
timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

5 

of the value of the Trust Account (defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes paid or payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such
Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete an initial Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully effect an initial Business Combination. 

The
Company will have 24 months from the closing of the IPO (or such other time period in which the Company must consummate an initial
Business Combination pursuant to an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) (the
 Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company has not completed the initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account (which interest shall be net permitted withdrawals and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

The
Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or
(ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek
shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. The Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of
the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of permitted
withdrawals) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein.
The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per Public Share. 

The
initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Company s
initial shareholders or management team acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the
allotted Combination Period. 

The
underwriters have agreed to waive all rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company
does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with
the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares. 

6 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less permitted withdrawals, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party
or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such
waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company
has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities
of the Company. The Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
the Trust Account, the funds available for the initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than per
Public Share. In such event, the Company may not be able to complete its initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify
the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
September 16, 2024, the Company (or the SPAC ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination
Agreement with Polibeli Group Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares (the Polibeli and Polibeli
Merger One Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Polibeli Merger
Sub and together with the Polibeli, the Polibeli Parties ), pursuant to which, among other transactions, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into SPAC with SPAC being the surviving company
and as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Polibeli (the Merger or the Business Combination ). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Merger Effective Time ,and in respect of the Unit Separation (as defined below) and the
SPAC Class B Conversion (as defined below), immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, (i) each outstanding SPAC Unit SPAC
Unit ), consisting of one (1) SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half (1/2) of one (1) SPAC Warrant, will be automatically separated Unit Separation and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one (1) SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half (1/2)
of one (1) SPAC Warrant; (ii) each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective
Time shall be automatically converted into one (1) SPAC Class A Ordinary Share (the SPAC Class B Conversion and each SPAC
Class B Ordinary Share shall no longer be issued and outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist; (iii) each
SPAC Class A Ordinary Share (which for the avoidance of doubt, includes the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (A) issued in connection with
the SPAC Class B Conversion; and (B) held as a result of Unit Separation) shall be converted into the right to receive one (1) Polibeli
Class A Ordinary Share; and (iv) each SPAC Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised shall be automatically converted into the right
to receive a Polibeli Company Warrant. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

United
States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing
Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, the United States, the
United Kingdom and the European Union, and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus
and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue
to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The
invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could
be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other
countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length
and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility
in commodity prices and credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies.
Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack
of liquidity in capital markets. 

7 

in cash and working capital deficit of . 

The
Company initially has until June 12, 2025 to consummate the initial Business Combination (assuming no extensions). If the Company does
not complete an initial Business Combination, the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant
to the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Notwithstanding management s belief
that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy, there is a possibility that an initial Business Combination
might not happen within the 12-month period from the date of the auditors report. Management has determined that the mandatory
liquidation, should an initial Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management believes that it would be prudent to include in its disclosure
language about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination
or the date the Company is required to liquidate. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should
the Company be required to liquidate after June 12, 2025 (assuming no extensions). 

8 

in cash and no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 

were held in money market funds which are invested
primarily in U.S. Treasury securities. 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on these accounts, and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

9 

10 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

Class A
ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, because in the calculation of diluted loss per share, their exercise is
contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for the period from January
15, 2024 (inception) through March 31, 2024, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024. All accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share
as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average
 ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary
 share 

11 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. . Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to
purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustments (see Note 7). Each Public Warrant will
become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire after the completion of
the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

On
July 26, 2024, the Company announced that the holders of the Company s Units sold in the Initial Public Offering may elect to separately
trade the Public Shares and Public Warrants included in the Units commencing on July 29, 2024. Each Unit consists of one Public Share
and one-half of one Public Warrant to purchase one Public Share. Any Units not separated will continue to trade on the NYSE American
LLC NYSE under the symbol CHEB.U . Any underlying Public Shares and Public Warrants that are separated will
trade on the NYSE under the symbols CHEB and CHEB.WS , respectively. No fractional Public Warrants will be
issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Public Warrants will trade. Holders of Units will need to have their brokers contact
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent, in order to separate the holders Units into
Public Shares and Public Warrants. 

Private Placement Units
at a price of per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. Among these Private
Placement Units, the Sponsor and underwriters purchased and Private Placement Units, respectively. Each Private Placement
Unit consists of Private Share and warrant (each, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. Each
Private Placement Unit will be identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except as described below. 

12 

per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
after the initial Business Combination and (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (b) in the case of the
Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units, and the respective Class A ordinary
shares underlying such warrants, until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, except to permitted transferees
as disclosed in the IPO. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation
costs in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares at par value,
 of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised.
Simultaneously with the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, no Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture anymore. 

On
March 11, 2024, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of its Founder Shares to the Company s independent directors
and advisory board member, for their board and advisory services, in each case for no cash consideration, including shares to
each of Kwan Sun, James Zhang and Ning Ma, and shares to Richard Li, respectively. Due to the uncertainty of the IPO at the grant
date of these Founder Shares, the Company believes the fair value of these shares is de minimis and was not reflected on the accompanying
balance sheet. 

The
Company s initial shareholders, Sponsor, officers and directors has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder
Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the
completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on
which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period
commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
February 29, 2024, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor, pursuant to which, the Sponsor has agreed to loan
the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and
was to be payable on the earlier of: (i) June 30, 2025 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummated its IPO. At the closing
date of the IPO, the Company repaid to the Sponsor out of the proceeds not held in the Trust Account..The over repayment of
 was recorded as due from related party, and subsequently was used to settle the amount due to related party as described below.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the promissory note. 

Due
to Related Party 

The
balance of due to related party as of September 30, 2024 was , which consists of unpaid administrative service fees (as described
below). The balance of due to related party will be due on demand. 

13 

per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s
management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. For the months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September
30, 2024, the Company recorded and of such expenses, respectively, with the unpaid balance reflected as due to related
party on the accompanying balance sheets. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required (the Working Capital Loans ). Up to of Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units
at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. The terms of
such Working Capital Loans by the Sponsor or its affiliates, or the Company s officers and directors, if any, have not been determined,
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the Working
Capital Loans. 

-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional Units to cover
over-allotments, if any. On June 10, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to
fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of of the per Unit offering price, or in the aggregate, upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Using the cash underwriting fee received, the underwriters purchased Private Placement Units,
for an aggregate of upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of of the gross offering proceeds,
or in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriters, only upon the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination
(the Deferred Underwriting Commission ). The Deferred Underwriting Commission will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

The
Private Placement Units purchased by the underwriters are identical to the Units being sold in the IPO except as described in Note 4.
The Private Placement Units purchased by the underwriters and underlying ordinary shares and warrants have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to lock-up, registration and termination restrictions. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e), the Private
Placement Units purchased by the underwriters and/or their permitted designees may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or
hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition
of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the IPO except to any
member participating in the IPO and the officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof or as otherwise permitted by FINRA
Rule 5110(e)(2). In addition, for as long as the Private Placement Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units are held by the
underwriters and/or their permitted designees, they may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales of the
IPO. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters and/or their permitted designees may not exercise their demand and piggy
back registration rights beyond five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the commencement of sales of the IPO
and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion. 

14 

preferred shares at par value. As of
September 30, 2024, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at 
par value. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at 
par value. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert (unless otherwise provided in the initial Business Combination agreement) into
Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided
herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection
with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will
equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion, including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of an initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any
Private Placement Units issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such
conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands or applicable stock exchange rules, the
affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on
by its shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and Cayman Islands law, which is a resolution passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders
as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and includes a unanimous written resolution,
and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The
Company s board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of years with
only one class of directors being appointed in each . There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors,
with the result that the holders of more than of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors.
However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any election held prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors
until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Warrants
 As of September 30, 2024, there were warrants (including Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants) outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of 
per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing after the completion of the initial Business
Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered,
qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only
a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units,
and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole
warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation, provided that, the Private Placement Warrants issued to the underwriters will not be exercisable more than five years
from the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

15 

business days after the closing of the initial
Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use
the Company s commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following
the initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of warrants for cash 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption for cash: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

upon not less than prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

at a price of per warrant if, and only if, the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination as described elsewhere in the Initial Public Offering) on each of trading days within a -trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company for cash, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. In addition, if (x) the Company
issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Company s initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held
by the Company s initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net
of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day
period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such
price, the Market Value of the Class A ordinary shares is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 
per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price. 

The
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will
not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination (except, among
other limited exceptions as described in Note 3, to the Company s officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Units). The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the warrants being sold as part of the Units in the IPO. 

16 

in money market funds which are invested primarily
in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through September 30, 2024, the Company did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to
pay for its franchise and income tax obligations. 

The
Public Warrants were valued using a Monte Carlo model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and
will not require remeasurement after issuance. 

Weighted Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

17 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Chenghe
Acquisition II Co. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Chenghe Investment II Limited. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form
10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations regarding the completion of an initial Business Combination, the Company s financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and
similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future
events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements, including that the conditions of an initial Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of the Company s prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 15, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
an initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 15, 2024 (inception) through
September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying
a target company for an initial Business Combination and negotiation with parties with respect to the merger described below. We do not
expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
September 16, 2024, we entered into the Business Combination Agreement with Polibeli, and Merger Sub, a Cayman Islands Polibeli pursuant
to which, among other transactions, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Subshall be merged with and
into SPAC with SPAC being the surviving company and as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Polibeli. 

18 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Merger Effective Time, and in respect of the Unit Separation (as defined below) and the
SPAC Class B Conversion (as defined below), immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, (i) each outstanding SPAC Unit , consisting
of one (1) SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half (1/2) of one (1) SPAC Warrant, will be automatically separated and the holder thereof
will be deemed to hold one (1) SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half (1/2) of one (1) SPAC Warrant; (ii) each SPAC Class B Ordinary
Share that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be automatically converted into one (1) SPAC
Class A Ordinary Share and each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share shall no longer be issued and outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled
and cease to exist; (iii) each SPAC Class A Ordinary Share (which for the avoidance of doubt, includes the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares
(A) issued in connection with the SPAC Class B Conversion; and (B) held as a result of Unit Separation) shall be converted into the right
to receive one (1) Company Class A Ordinary Share; and (iv) each SPAC Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised shall be automatically
converted into the right to receive a Company Warrant. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 1,363,129, which consists of operating costs of 2,487,677, offset by
interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,363,129. 

For
the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 1,652,837, which consists of operating
costs of 3,023,290, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,370,453. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
June 10, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 310,000 Private Placement Units at a price
of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, or 3,100,000 in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, on June 10, 2024, an amount of 86,250,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account. 

For
the period from January 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 584,959. Net loss of
 1,652,837 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,370,453. Changes in operating assets
and liabilities provided 2,438,555 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 87,620,453 (including approximately 1,370,453 of interest
income) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay
taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest
earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions and income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination.
To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 289,602. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of
prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial Business Combination, the Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that an initial Business Combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units
at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

19 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case
we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as
variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay the Sponsor an amount equal to 15,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members
of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company
will cease paying these monthly fees. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from January 15, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 45,000 and 57,000 of such expenses with the unpaid balance reflected as due to related
party on the accompanying balance sheet. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of 2.0 of the per Unit offering price, or 1,725,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters purchased 43,512 Private Placement Units, for an aggregate of 435,120 upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering. The Deferred Underwriting Commission, as an additional fee of 4.0 of the gross offering proceeds, or
 3,450,000 in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriters, only upon the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination.
The Deferred Underwriting Commission will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of our condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting
policies: 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of our condensed balance sheets. 

20 

Net
Loss Per Ordinary Share 

We
apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class A redeemable ordinary
shares is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable
ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class A and Class B non-redeemable
ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net income, less income attributable to Class A redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted
average number of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the periods presented. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our condensed financial statements. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly,
provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

21 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include the risk factors described
in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been
no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item
5. Other Information 

. 

22 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 (1) 

Business
 Combination Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Chenghe Acquisition II Co., Polibeli Group Ltd and Polibeli Merger
 One Limited. 

10.1 (1) 
 Sponsor
 Support Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Chenghe Investment II Limited,
 Chenghe Acquisition II Co., Polibeli Group Ltd and the directors and officers of SPAC set
 forth on Schedule A thereto. 

10.2 (1) 
 Company
 Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Chenghe Acquisition
 II Co., Xingyun International Company Limited and Polibeli Group Ltd. 

10.3 (1) 
 Form
 of Lock-up Agreement by and among Polibeli Group Ltd, Chenghe Investment II Limited, Xingyun
 International Company Limited and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto. 

10.4 (1) 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Chenghe Acquisition II Co., Polibeli Group
 Ltd, Xingyun International Company Limited and certain equityholders, directors and officers
 of SPAC listed on Schedule I thereto. 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit). 

Filed
 herewith. 

(1) Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2024 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(1) Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

CHENGHE
 ACQUISITION II CO. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yuan Yixuan 

Name: 
 Yuan
 Yixuan 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lyle Wang 

Name: 
 Lyle
 Wang 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021889101ex31-1_chenghe2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Yuan Yixuan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chenghe Acquisition II Co.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Yuan Yixuan 

Yuan
 Yixuan 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021889101ex31-2_chenghe2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Lyle Wang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chenghe Acquisition II Co.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Lyle Wang 

Lyle
 Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021889101ex32-1_chenghe2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Chenghe
Acquisition II Co. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Yuan Yixuan, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Yuan Yixuan 

Yuan
 Yixuan 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021889101ex32-2_chenghe2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Chenghe
Acquisition II Co. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Lyle Wang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Lyle Wang 

Lyle
 Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cheb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cheb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cheb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cheb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cheb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

