<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1870144_0001079973-24-001510.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4978383</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117177</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1025150</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1248976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1196290</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1287243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001510.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113162121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001510
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001870144
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				870925574
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41097
		FILM NUMBER:		241454627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 W. SUPERIOR STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 444
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60645
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-226-9991

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 W. SUPERIOR STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 444
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60645

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mana Capital Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001510.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 cdio_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on 
 which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of November 13, 2024,
there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.00001 par value,
issued and outstanding. 

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

 For the Quarter Ended September
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Introductory Note 
 i 
 
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

Part I Financial Information 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

Part II Other Information 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

i 

INTRODUCTORY 
 NOTE 

 Unless the context dictates otherwise, references
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the "Company, "Cardio, "we, "us, "our, 
and similar words are references to Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiary. "Legacy
Cardio refers to Cardio Diagnostics, Inc. prior to the October 2022 Business Combination, which became our wholly-owned subsidiary
as a result of that transaction. 

Trade names and trademarks of Cardio referred
to herein, and their respective logos, are our property. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain additional trade names and/or
trademarks of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies 
trade names and/or trademarks, if any, to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of
these companies. 

SPECIAL
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other
than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including,
but not limited to, changes in laws or regulations, any statements about our business (including the impact on our business of a re-emergence
of COVID-19 variants or any other pandemic, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak), financial condition, operating results, plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions, any guidance on, or projections of, earnings, revenue or other financial items, or otherwise, and our future
liquidity, including cash flows; any statements of any plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations, such as
the material opportunities that we believe exist for our Company; any statements concerning proposed products and services, developments,
mergers or acquisitions; or strategic transactions; any statements regarding management s view of future expectations and prospects
for us; any statements about prospective adoption of new accounting standards or effects of changes in accounting standards; any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing;
and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such
as anticipate, could, can, may, might, potential, 
 predict, should, estimate, expect, project, believe, 
 think, plan, envision, intend, continue, target, seek, 
 contemplate, budgeted, will, would, and the negative of such terms, other variations
on such terms or other similar or comparable words, phrases, or terminology. These forward-looking statements present our estimates and
assumptions only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to change. 

 Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on the current beliefs, expectations, and certain assumptions of management.
Some or all of such beliefs, expectations, and assumptions may not materialize or may vary significantly from actual results. Such statements
are qualified by important economic, competitive, governmental, and technological factors that could cause our business, strategy, or
actual results or events to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to
such differences include, but are not limited to, the risk factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item
IA of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 1, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024 (the March 31, 2024 Form 10-Q ),
 Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on August 12, 2024 (the June 30, 2024 Form 10-Q and in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements
are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future
financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change, and significant risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual conditions, outcomes, and results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can
be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized,
that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations
to update any such forward-looking statements. 

 ii 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (unaudited) 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Patent costs, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liability - current 

Finance agreement payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Lease liability long term 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized - shares; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value; authorized - shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

1 

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (unaudited) 

THREE MONTHS 
 NINE MONTHS 

ENDED 
 ENDED 

SEPTEMBER
 30, 
 SEPTEMBER
 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative expenses 

Amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on
 extinguishment of debt 

Total other income (expenses) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and fully diluted income (loss) per common share: 

Net loss per common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

2 

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

 (unaudited) 

Additional 

Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Totals 

Balances, December 31, 2023 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Placement
 agent fee 

Compensation
 for vested stock options 

Net
 loss 

Balances, March 31, 2024 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Compensation
 for vested stock options 

Net
 loss 

Balances, June 30, 2024 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Compensation
 for vested stock options 

Net
 loss 

Balances, September 30,
 2024 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Warrants
 converted to common stock 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Placement
 agent fee 

Adjustment
 to liabilities assumed in merger with Mana 

Net
 loss 

Balances, March 31, 2023 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Notes
 payable converted to common stock 

Compensation
 for vested stock options 

Net
 loss 

Balances, June 30, 2023 

Restricted
 stock awards vested 

Notes
 payable converted to common stock 

Net
 loss 

Balances, September 30,
 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

3 

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liability 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Payments for right of use asset 

Patent costs incurred 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of original issue discount of 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Payments of placement agent fee 

Proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants 

Payments of finance agreement 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH - BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH - END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Debt discount related to derivative liability 

Notes payable converted to common stock 

Adjustment to liabilities assumed in acquisition 

Right of use asset added to operating lease 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an accumulated deficit of at September 30, 2024. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.
The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain necessary equity financing and ultimately
from generating revenues to continue operations. The Company expects that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through
a combination of its existing funds and further issuances of securities. Working capital requirements are expected to increase in line
with the growth of the business. Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected
to be adequate to fund operations over the next twelve months. The Company has no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements.
Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to current stockholders. Further, such securities
might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Company s Common Stock .
Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on
acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly
and materially restrict business operations. 

 The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be 
unable to continue as a going concern. 

and assumed liabilities of from Mana. The liabilities assumed of were payable to two investment bankers and
due on October 25, 2023. The assumed liabilities decreased to , after net of an early payment discount of issued by one
of the two investment bankers on March 22, 2023. On March 27, 2023, the Company accepted the early payment discount and paid Ladenburg
the net balance due and payable of . On October 24, 2023, the Company paid the remaining post-merger liabilities balance of 
to Benchmark. 

 Mana s
common stock had a redemption right in connection with the business combination. Mana s stockholders exercised their right to redeem
 shares of common stock, which constituted approximately of the shares with redemption rights, for cash at a redemption
price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . In accounting for the reverse recapitalization,
the Company s legacy issued and outstanding shares of common stock were reversed and the Mana shares of common stock totaling
 were recorded, as described in Note 10. Transactions costs incurred in connection with the recapitalization totaled 
and were recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital. 

 As additional consideration for the
transaction, Cardio may issue to each holder who was entitled to merger consideration at the Closing, its pro rata proportion of
up to 1,000,000 shares of our authorized but unissued common stock (the Earnout Shares or Contingently Issuable Common
Stock ), if on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout Period ), the VWAP of the Company s
Common Stock equals or exceeds four different price triggers for 30 of any 40 consecutive trading days, as follows: (i) one-quarter of
the Earnout Shares will be issued if the VWAP equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for the stated period; (ii) one-quarter of the Earnout
Shares will be issued if the VWAP equals or exceeds 15.00 per share for the stated period; (iii) one-quarter of the Earnout Shares will
be issued if the VWAP equals or exceeds 17.50 for the stated period; and (iv) one-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the
VWAP equals or exceeds 20.00 for the stated period. 

 In evaluating
the accounting treatment for the earnout, we have concluded that the earnout is not a liability under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, is not subject to the accounting guidance under ASC 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation, and is not subject to derivative accounting under ASC 815, Derivative and Hedging. As such, the earnout is recognized in
equity at fair value upon the closing of the Business Combination. As of the date of filing
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s common stock did not trade at equal to or greater than 12.50 for a period
of at least 30 trading days out of 40 consecutive trading days and the Company has not issued any Earnout Shares. 

ASC
820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

 Level 1 quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

 Level 2 quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable 

 Level 3 inputs that
are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) 

 The
estimated fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company uses Level 3
inputs to value its derivative liabilities. The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the
major classes of assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) and reflects gains and
losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Converted 

Change in fair value recognized in operations 

Balance of derivative liabilities - end of period 

The following table represents
the Company s derivative instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024, for each fair
value hierarchy level: 

and , respectively, and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

 and were charged to operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 t have
any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Cash is maintained at a major financial institution. Accounts held
at U.S. financial institutions are insured by the FDIC up to . The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default
by the financial institutions or the issuers of these investments to the extent the amounts on deposit or invested are in excess of amounts
that are insured. 

years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 
 
 Lab equipment 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 years 

years. The Company evaluates intangible
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Lab equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Leasehold improvements of 
represent costs of the buildout of the leased laboratory in Iowa City, Iowa that was completed in January 2024. 

 Depreciation expense of and
 was charged to operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and of and for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total 

Amortization expense charged to operations was
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively. 

and ,
net of accumulated amortization of 
and 
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as patent costs.
Patents are amortized over their estimated useful lives of approximately and years, respectively. Amortization expense charged
to operations was 
and 
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 annually) commencing December 1, 2023. In addition, the landlord agreed to provide the Company with a one-time
Tenant Improvement Allowance TIA in the amount of up to, but not exceeding 50 per rentable square foot of the premises
for a maximum allowance of . 

 Pursuant to ASC Topic 842 Leases,
the Company accounted for both leases as operating leases and accounted for the TIA as a lease incentive, which was estimated to be payable
on December 1, 2023. The Company received the TIA from landlord in maximum amount of on January 16, 2024 and recorded a reimbursement
receivable from landlord of as of December 31, 2023, which was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

 During the year ended December 31,
2023, the Company recorded ROU assets of and operating lease liabilities of at the lease commencement date. The discount
rate used to determine the present value is the incremental borrowing rate, estimated to be for the Chicago lease and for
the Iowa City lease, respectively, as the interest rate implicit in our lease is not readily determinable. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as follows: 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease terms
of the two operating leases were years and years, respectively. 

The following table summarizes maturities
of operating lease liabilities based on lease terms as of December 31: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had the following future minimum
payments due under the non-cancelable lease: 

2024 (remaining period) 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total minimum lease payments 

Consolidated rental expense for all
operating leases was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and 
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the cash paid and related right-of-use
operating lease recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Right-of-use lease assets obtained in the exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

is payable in 10 monthly installments plus interest at a rate of through
 . Finance agreement payable was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Accordingly,
Directors and Officers insurance premiums of has been recorded in prepaid expenses and is being amortized over the life of the
policy until October 25, 2024, with unamortized balance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Stock options 

Total shares excluded from calculation 

shares of the Company s common stock; 

 Holders of existing shares of common
stock of Legacy Cardio and the holder of equity rights of Legacy Cardio (together, the Legacy Cardio Stockholders received
an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock, calculated based on the exchange ratio of 3.427259 pursuant to the
Merger Agreement (the Exchange Ratio for each share of Legacy Cardio Common Stock held or, in the case of the equity rights
holder, that number of shares of the Company s Common Stock equal to 1 of the Aggregate Closing Merger Consideration, as defined
in the Merger Agreement. 

 The Legacy Cardio Stockholders received,
in addition, an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock Conversion Shares upon conversion of an
aggregate of in principal amount of promissory notes issued by Mana to Legacy Cardio in connection with its loan of such amount
in order to extend Mana s duration through October 26, 2022 (the Extension Notes ), which Conversion Shares were distributed
to the Legacy Cardio Stockholders in proportion to their respective interest in Legacy Cardio. 

Mana
public stockholders (excluding Mana Capital, LLC, the SPAC sponsor (the Sponsor ), and Mana s former officers and
directors) own 34,548 shares of the Company s Common Stock and the Sponsor, Mana s former officers and directors and certain
permitted transferees own shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

 Immediately after giving effect to
the Business Combination, there were 9,514,743 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

 On
October 25, 2022, in connection with the approval of the Business Combination, the Company s stockholders approved the Cardio Diagnostics
Holdings, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The purpose of the 2022 Plan is to promote the interests of the
Company and its stockholders by providing eligible employees, officers, directors and consultants with additional incentives to remain
with the Company and its subsidiaries, to increase their efforts to make the Company more successful, to reward such persons by providing
an opportunity to acquire shares of Common Stock on favorable terms and to attract and retain the best available personnel to participate
in the ongoing business operations of the Company. The 2022 Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares. 

 The
2022 Plan, as approved, permits the issuance of up to shares of Common Stock (the Share Reserve upon exercise
or conversion of grants and awards made from time to time to officers, directors, employees and consultants, however that the Share Reserve
will increase on January 1st of each calendar year and ending on and including January 1, 2027 (each, an Evergreen Date ),
in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 7 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the December 31st immediately
preceding the applicable Evergreen Date and (ii) such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined to be appropriate by the
Compensation Committee, which administers the 2022 Plan, in its sole discretion. There was no increase in the Share Reserve on January
1, 2023. In January 2024, the Compensation Committee approved an annual increase in the Share Reserve of shares. 

Common Stock Issued 

 Private Placement 

In connection with a private offering memorandum that the Company
issued through a placement agent on January 23, 2024, the Company completed entering into subscription agreements with 7 accredited investors
(the Subscription Agreements ), whereby the Company issued a total of units Units ), with
each Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), and (ii)
one six year Common Stock purchase warrant (the Warrants ), having an exercise price of 1 per share (the Private
Placement ). The Private Placement resulted in the issuance to investors of shares of Common Stock and Warrants.
The purchase price of the securities was 1.78 per Unit, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of , before deducting placement
agent fees (10 or and other offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for working
capital and general corporate purposes. The Private Placement closed on February 2, 2024. 

 In connection with the Private Placement, 

 At-the-Market Issuance 

In connection with an At-the-Market
Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement that the Company entered into with a placement agent on January 26, 2024,
the Company sold shares of Common Stock at various amounts per share to investors for gross proceeds totaling before
deducting sales commissions of to placement agent, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (among which shares
of Common Stock were sold for gross proceeds totaling before deducting sales commissions of to placement agent during
the three months ended September 30, 2024). The Company also paid the placement agent a fee of . 

Other Common Stock Issuance 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company issued and shares of Common Stock to two consultants for services pursuant to vesting of
Restricted Stock Units granted, valued at and , respectively. 

 On March 31, 2024, the Company issued
 shares of Common Stock to the board of directors for services pursuant to vesting of Restricted Stock Units granted, valued at
 . 

 On
March 2, 2023, a shareholder exercised warrants in exchange for shares of Common Stock for proceeds of . 

 During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company issued and shares of Common Stock to two consultants for services pursuant to vesting of
Restricted Stock Units granted, valued at and , respectively. 

 During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company issued and shares of Common Stock to the board of directors for services pursuant to vesting
of Restricted Stock Units granted, valued at and respectively. 

 In connection with the convertible
notes payable (see Note 11 below) the noteholders converted of principal balance to shares of Common Stock during
the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (among which principal balance of was converted to shares of Common Stock
during the three months ended September 30, 2023). The number of shares of Common Stock issued was determined based on the terms of the
convertible notes. 

 Warrants 

 On October 1, 2019, the Company issued
warrants to a seed funding firm equivalent to 2 of the fully-diluted equity of the Company, or shares of Common Stock at the time
of issuance. The warrant is exercisable on the earlier of the closing date of the next Qualified Equity Financing occurring after the
issuance of the warrant, and immediately before a Change of Control. The exercise price is the price per share of the shares sold to investors
in the next Qualified Equity Financing, or if the warrant becomes exercisable in connection with a Change in Control before the next Qualified
Equity Financing, the greater of the quotient obtained by dividing 150,000 by the Pre-financing Capitalization, and the price per share
paid by investors in the then-most recent Qualified Equity Financing, if any. The warrant will expire upon the earlier of the consummation
of any Change of Control, or 15 years after the issuance of the warrant. 

 In April 2022, the Company issued
fully vested warrants to investors as part of private placement subscription agreements pursuant to which the Company issued Common Stock.
Each shareholder received warrants to purchase 50 of the Common Stock issued at an exercise price of per share with an expiration
date of . 

 As of May 23, 2022, the Company issued
fully vested warrants to investors as part of an additional private placement subscription agreements pursuant to which the Company issued
Common Stock. Each shareholder received warrants to purchase 50 of the Common Stock issued at an exercise price of per share with
an expiration date of five years from the date of issue. 

All of the warrants issued by Legacy
Cardio were exchanged in the Business Combination for warrants of the Company based on the merger exchange ratio. 

 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection
with the Private Placement as described above, the Company issued an aggregate of and warrants. 

Warrant activity during the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Warrants granted 

Warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Options 

 On May 6, 2022, Legacy Cardio granted
 stock options to the management and advisors pursuant to the Cardio Diagnostics, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. All of the options
granted under this legacy plan were exchanged for options under the Company s 2022 Plan adopted by the Company s stockholders
on October 25, 2022, and based on the exchange ratio for the merger, resulted in a total of options issued upon closing. Each
exchanged option has an exercise price of per share with an expiration date of . The exchanged options fully vested upon
closing of the merger. 

 On June 23, 2023, the Company granted
 stock options to management, which vested immediately on grant date. Each option has an exercise price of per share with
an expiration date of . These immediately vested stock options were valued at at grant date based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized in the Black-Scholes valuation of these immediately vested stock options
during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, risk free interest rate of , volatility of and an exercise price of . 

 On January 23, 2024, the Company authorized an additional shares
to the Equity Incentive Plan Reserve (the 2022 Plan and granted options to management and employees, of
which vested immediately with the remaining 21,000 options subject to 50 vesting on June 30, 2024 and 100 vesting on December 31, 2024.
Each option has an exercise price of per share with an expiration date of . The immediately vested stock
options were valued at at grant date based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized
in the Black-Scholes valuation of these immediately vested stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, risk free interest
rate of , volatility of and an exercise price of . For the remaining 21,000 options, 7,500 options were vested on June
30, 2024 and 8,500 options were forfeited before vesting with the leaving of the employees before September 30, 2024. The vested 7,500
stock options were valued at 4,106 at vesting date based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized
in the Black-Scholes valuation of these vested stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, risk free interest rate
of , volatility of and an exercise price of . 

 On June 30, 2024, the Company granted stock options to
the board of directors, which vested immediately on grant date. Each option has an exercise
price of per share with an expiration date of . These immediately vested stock options were valued at
 at grant date based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized in the Black-Scholes valuation
of these immediately vested stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, risk free interest rate of ,
volatility of and an exercise price of . 

 On September 30, 2024, the Company granted stock options
to the board of directors, which vested immediately on grant date. Each option has an exercise price of per share with an expiration
date of . These immediately vested stock options were valued at at grant date based on the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized in the Black-Scholes valuation of these immediately vested stock options during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, risk free interest rate of , volatility of and an exercise price of . 

Option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
was as follows: 

Options granted 

Options outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Options granted 

Options expired or cancelled or forfeited 

Options outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Options vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 

million Subscription Amount ).
The Convertible Debentures were convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company and were subject to various contingencies being
satisfied as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. The notes were convertible at any time through the maturity date, which,
in each case, was one year from the date of issuance. The conversion price would be determined on the basis of of the two lowest VWAP
(Volume Weighted Average Prices) of the Common Stock during the prior seven trading day period, initially with a floor conversion price
of , but subsequently lowered by mutual agreement of the parties to . 

On March 8, 2023, the Company issued
and sold to Yorkville a Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of million, for which it received million, with a 
original issue discount OID ). Interest on the outstanding principal balance accrued at a rate of and would increase
to upon an Event of Default for so long as it remained uncured. 

The Company recorded a debt discount
related to identified embedded derivatives relating to the conversion features (see Note 12) based on fair values as of the inception
date of the Note. The calculated debt discount, including the OID equaled the face of the Note and is being amortized over the term of
the note. 

Yorkville fully converted the initial
 Convertible Debenture into an aggregate of shares of Common Stock during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

On
January 4, 2024, the Company and Yorkville terminated the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 8, 2023, as amended, by the
mutual consent of the parties, effective as of January 4, 2024. The First Convertible Debenture has been fully converted, and as of January
4, 2024, the obligation of the Company to issue and sell, and Yorkville s obligation to purchase, the Second Convertible Debenture
has been terminated. At the time of termination, there were no outstanding borrowings, advance notices or shares of Common Stock to be
issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement. In addition, there were no fees due by the Company or Yorkville in connection with the
termination of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

The
Company used Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the conversion option liability in determining the fair value using a Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumption inputs: 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Expected volatility 

- 

Exercise price 

- 

Stock price 

- 

Based upon ASC 840-15-25 (EITF
Issue 00-19, paragraph 11) the Company has adopted a sequencing approach regarding the application of ASC 815-40 to its outstanding convertible
notes. Pursuant to the sequencing approach, the Company evaluates its contracts based upon earliest issuance date. 

 Both of those payments have been made in full. In addition, the Amendment Engagement provided that Benchmark has
been granted a right of first refusal to act as lead or joint-lead investment banker, lead or joint-lead book-runner and/or lead or joint-lead
placement agent for all future public and private equity and debt offerings through October 25, 2023. Based on the right of first refusal,
Benchmark alleges that it is owed damages because the Company entered into the Yorkville Convertible Debenture Transaction (see Note 11)
without first offering Benchmark the right to serve as the lead or joint-lead placement agent for the transaction. The Company is evaluating
the claim. No legal proceedings have been instigated. 

Demand Letter and Potential Mootness
Fee Claim 

 On June 25, 2022, a plaintiffs securities law firm sent
a demand letter to the Company alleging that the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed (the S-4 Registration
Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on May 31, 2022 omitted material information with respect
to the Business Combination and demanding that the Company and its Board of Directors immediately provide corrective disclosures in an
amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement. Subsequent thereto, the Company filed amendments to the S-4 Registration Statement
on July 27, 2022, August 23, 2022, September 15, 2022, October 4, 2022 and October 5, 2022 in which it responded to various comments of
the SEC staff and otherwise updated its disclosure. In October 2022, the SEC completed its review and declared the S-4 registration statement
on October 6, 2022. On February 23, 2023 and February 27, 2023, plaintiffs securities law firm contacted the Company s counsel
asking who will be negotiating a mootness fee relating to the purported claims set forth in the June 25, 2022 demand letter. The Company
vigorously denies that the S-4 Registration Statement, as amended and declared effective, is deficient in any respect and that no additional
supplemental disclosures are material or required. The Company believes that the claims asserted in the Demand Letter are without merit
and that no further disclosure is required to supplement the S-4 Registration Statement under applicable laws. As of the date of filing
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, no lawsuit has been filed against the Company by that firm. The firm has indicated its willingness
to litigate the matter if a mutually satisfactory resolution cannot be agreed upon; however, Cardio believes that the final outcome will
not have a material adverse impact on its financial condition. 

 Northland Securities, Inc. 

 In January 2024, following the Company s
termination of its agreement with Yorkville and in connection with the Company s recent at the market offering and/or its February
2024 private placement, a managing director of Northland Securities, Inc. Northland contacted the Company claiming the
right to be paid a fee of approximately pursuant to the agreement of March 1, 2023 between the Company and Northland regarding
the Yorkville financing. Subsequently, the Company has been advised by another representative of Northland that Northland would not proceed
with any such claim. The Company does not believe that it owes Northland any sum based on the termination of the Yorkville Securities
Purchase Agreement and the subsequent financing transactions. 

 The Company cannot preclude the possibility
that claims or lawsuits brought relating to any alleged securities law violations or breaches of fiduciary duty could potentially require
significant time and resources to defend and/or settle and distract its management and board of directors from focusing on its business. 

 Directors and Officers Insurance 

 In connection with the Company s
various contractual obligations arising in the ordinary course of business, the Company is required to maintain insurance coverage for
claims against its directors and officers. 

 Notice of Non-Compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Requirements 

 On June 3, 2024, the Company received
a letter from Nasdaq indicating that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s common stock
had closed below the minimum per share requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). As reported
on our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2024, we have an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until December 2, 2024 to regain
compliance. Under certain circumstances, the Company may be granted an additional 180 days, or until May 29, 2025, to regain compliance.
If we fail to regain compliance with the minimum bid requirement within the cure period (or extended cure period, if made available) or
if we fail to continue to meet all applicable continued listing requirements for Nasdaq in the future, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 

 shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds totaling under the At-the-Market
Issuance Sales Agreement as of the date of this Report. 

19 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 As a result of the closing of the Business Combination, which
was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP as discussed in Note 2 Merger Agreement and Reverse
Recapitalization, the consolidated financial statements of Cardio Diagnostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary,
are now the financial statements of the Company. 

 The following discussion and analysis provide information that
Cardio s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of Cardio s results of operations and financial
condition. You should read the following discussion and analysis of Cardio s results of operations and financial condition together
with its unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, and its audited consolidated financial statements and related notes to those statements included in the Company s
2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed on April 1, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). In addition to historical financial
information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon Cardio s current expectations that involve risks and
uncertainties, including those described in the section titled, Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements, above. Cardio s
actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth
under Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K (Item 1A therein), as well as in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 

 Unless the context
requires otherwise, references to Cardio, the Company, we, us and our refer
to Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiary. 

 Overview 

 Cardio was formed to further develop and commercialize a series
of products for major types of cardiovascular disease and associated co-morbidities, including coronary heart disease ("CHD ),
stroke, heart failure and diabetes, by leveraging our Artificial Intelligence ("AI )-driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic Engine .
As a company, we aspire to give every American adult insight into their unique risk for various cardiovascular diseases. Cardio aims to
become one of the leading medical technology companies for enabling improved prevention, early detection and treatment of cardiovascular
disease. Cardio is transforming the approach to cardiovascular disease from reactive to proactive and hope to accelerate the adoption
of Precision Medicine for all. We believe that incorporating Cardio s solutions into routine practice in primary care and prevention
efforts can help alter the trajectory that nearly one in two Americans is expected to develop some form of cardiovascular disease by 2035. 

 Cardio believes that it is the first company to develop and commercialize
epigenetics-based clinical tests for cardiovascular disease that have clear value propositions for multiple stakeholders including (1)
patients, (2) clinicians, (3) hospitals/health systems, (4) employers and (5) payors. According to the CDC, epigenetics is the study of
how a person s behaviors and environment can cause changes that affect the way a person s genes work. Unlike genetic changes,
epigenetic changes are reversible and do not change one s DNA sequence, but they can change how a person s body reads a DNA
sequence. 

 Cardio launched its first clinical test, Epi+Gen CHD , a three-year
symptomatic CHD risk assessment clinical blood test targeting CHD events, including heart attacks, in 2021 during the Covid-19 pandemic.
As a result, the initial strategy for commercialization involved launching the test via telemedicine and in smaller provider practices
such as concierge medicine practices. The volume of tests through these channels were minimal, and as the circumstances around Covid-19
pandemic improved, management re-vamped the Company s go-to-market strategy to include other healthcare verticals and stakeholders
beyond patients and small providers, including larger provider organizations, group purchasing organizations, employers, payors and life
insurers. This new approach allowed Cardio to expand the reach of our solutions beyond the initial focus areas. Beyond the launch of Epi+Gen
CHD, in March 2023, we announced the launch of our second product, PrecisionCHD , an integrated epigenetic-genetic clinical blood
test for the detection of coronary heart disease. The Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests are coupled to Actionable Clinical
Intelligence ACI ), a platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the to help improve
chronic care management. In May 2023, we launched CardioInnovate360 , a research-use-only RUO solution to support
the discovery, development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases. In
February 2024, we announce the launch of HeartRisk , a cardiovascular risk intelligence platform. We believe that our Epi+Gen CHD 
and PrecisionCHD tests are categorized as laboratory-developed tests, or LDTs. The new go-to-market strategy is also
being implemented for these products. 

20 

Despite long partnership and sales cycles, in some instance as long
as 14 months, in 2023 Cardio generated revenue from patient(s), small provider(s), larger provider(s) and employer(s) for the first time
and has developed a more robust sales and partnership pipeline. Key developments since the 2023 Form 10-K filing include: 

Increased revenue in the first nine months of 2024; 

Recommended pricing for our two Current Procedural Terminology CPT Proprietary Laboratory Analysis PLA codes from the American Medical Association, 0440U for PrecisionCHD and 0439U for Epi+Gen CHD , at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule (CLFS) annual meeting; and 

Expanded the availability of our Epi+Gen CHD 
 test to Family Medicine Specialists retail clinical location at Meijer Supercenter; and 

Received preliminary Medicare pricing from Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS) for PrecisionCHD and Epi+Gen CHD . 

Cardio expects that sales and partnership cycles
will continue to be long. Our ongoing strategy for expanding our business operations and increasing revenue generation include the following: 

Develop additional products, including clinical tests for stroke, congestive heart failure and diabetes; 

Expand clinical and health economics evidence portfolio to continue to demonstrate value of products and increase reach; 

Leverage our newly-awarded CPT PLA codes; 

Expand the adoption of our products across key channels, including health systems and self-insured employers, including for HeartRisk, Cardio s new SaaS product; 

Scale our internal operations capabilities with a focus on improving efficiency and reducing our cost of goods sold; and 

Pursue potential strategic partnership(s) and acquisition(s) of one or more synergistic companies. 
 
 Recent Developments 

 Food and Drug Administration Proposed Regulation 

 On May 6, 2024, FDA published a final rule amending the definition of an
in vitro diagnostic IVD device to include tests manufactured by a clinical laboratory. Pursuant to the rule, laboratory
developed tests LDTs ), i.e., tests designed, manufactured, and used within a single CLIA-certified high complexity laboratory,
are medical devices subject to FDA regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The final rule also announced FDA s
intention to apply its medical device requirements to LDTs. Under the final rule, all LDTs, unless subject to a specific exemption, will
be subject to premarket authorization requirements (510(k), de novo classification, or PMA) for each LDT performed by the laboratory,
and to postmarket registration and listing, medical device reporting, correction, removal, and recall, complaint handling, labeling, investigational
device, and quality system requirements. FDA intends to phase in these requirements beginning May 6, 2025. The final rule states that
certain categories of LDTs will be subject to enforcement discretion with respect to some or all of these requirements. For example, FDA
will apply enforcement discretion to currently marketed LDTs that were first offered prior to May 6, 2024, with respect to most quality
system requirements and the requirement for premarket authorization if they are not modified or modified in only limited ways. Laboratories
performing these tests are subject to other requirements, including the requirement to submit the labeling for the LDT to FDA for review.
FDA will similarly exercise enforcement discretion with respect to premarket authorization for LDTs approved by the New York State Clinical
Laboratory Evaluation Program NYS-CLEP ). 

Unless overturned by a court or Congress, the final rule will substantially
increase costs and regulatory burdens for many clinical laboratories in ways that may adversely affect their ability to develop, perform,
and offer LDTs. Two lawsuits challenging FDA s authority to regulate LDTs have been filed in federal court: the American Clinical
Laboratory Association filed a lawsuit against FDA on May 29, 2024 in the Eastern District of Texas, while the Association for Molecular
Pathology filed a lawsuit on August 19, 2024 in the Southern District of Texas. The lawsuits have been consolidated and briefing is expected
to be completed by the end of 2024. The ultimate success of these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits that may be brought against the FDA
challenging the LDT rule, is uncertain. It is also unclear whether a court would delay the implementation of the final rule while the
litigation is ongoing, which means we may need to initiate steps to comply with the final rule even if it is ultimately overturned. 

 Legislative proposals addressing the FDA s oversight of LDTs
have been previously introduced. In June 2021, Congress introduced the VALID Act, which would have established a new risk-based regulatory
framework for in vitro clinical tests IVCTs ), a category which would have included IVDs, LDTs, collection devices and instruments
used with such tests. This legislation was not enacted during that session of Congress but was reintroduced in 2023. FDA s new LDT
final rule may renew attention to the VALID Act and may lead to the introduction of new proposals to limit the FDA s regulatory
authority. On July 12, 2024, the House Appropriations Committee issued a Report accompanying a FY 2025 appropriations bill in which it
directed the FDA to suspend efforts to implement the LDT final rule and to continue working with Congress to modernize the regulatory
approach for LDTs. This directive is not binding on the FDA. 

21 

Results of Operations 

 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following
table sets forth Cardio s results of operations data for the periods presented: 

 Comparisons for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

 The following table presents summary of consolidated
operating results for the three-month periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Revenue 
 6,580 
 10,030 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing 
 52,059 
 34,067 
 
 Research and development 
 5,247 
 38,708 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 1,353,439 
 1,376,644 
 
 Amortization 
 4,802 
 4,802 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (1,415,547 
 (1,454,221 
 
 Other (expense) income 
 (3,599 
 (488,191 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (1,412,566 
 (1,932,382 

Comparisons for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

 The following table presents summary of consolidated
operating results for the nine-month periods indicated: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Revenue 
 30,378 
 11,755 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing 
 144,240 
 115,226 
 
 Research and development 
 23,367 
 137,690 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,697,857 
 5,444,920 
 
 Amortization 
 14,389 
 14,380 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (6,879,853 
 (5,712,216 
 
 Other (expense) income 
 (14,670 
 (1,287,444 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (6,864,145 
 (6,987,905 

Net Loss 

Cardio s net loss
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,412,566 as compared to 1,932,382 for the three months ended September 30, 2023,
a decrease of 519,816. The decrease in net loss was primarily the result of a decrease in interest expenses related to the sale and issuance
of convertible debentures in 2023. 

Cardio s
net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6,864,145 as compared to 6,987,905 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, a decrease of 123,760. The decrease in net loss was primarily the result of a decrease in interest expense
related to the sale and issuance of convertible debentures in 2023, offset by an increase in operating expenses and a decrease in
other income resulting from the change in fair value of derivative liability. 

 Revenue 

 Cardio had 6,580 and 10,030
in revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Cardio had 30,378 and 11,755
in revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Sales and Marketing 

 Expenses related to sales
and marketing for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 52,059 as compared to 34,067 for the three months ended September 30,
2023, an increase of 17,992. The overall increase was due to an increase in sales and marketing activity in the third quarter of 2024
due to tradeshow attendance. 

22 

Expenses related to sales
and marketing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 144,240 as compared to 115,226 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023, an increase of 29,014. The overall increase was due to an increase in sales and marketing activity in the second and third
quarters of 2024 due to tradeshow attendance. 

 Research and Development 

 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2024 were 5,247 as compared to 38,708 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 33,461. The decrease was attributable
to the decrease in laboratory runs performed in the 2024 period on new product offerings in the pipeline as compared to laboratory runs
performed in the same period in 2023. 

 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 were 23,367 as compared to 137,690 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 114,323. The decrease was attributable
to the decrease in laboratory runs performed in the 2024 period on new product offerings in the pipeline as compared to laboratory runs
performed in the same period in 2023. 

 General and Administrative Expenses 

 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2024 were 1,353,439 as compared to 1,376,644 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, remaining
relatively the same with a small decreas e of 23,205. 

 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 were 6,697,857 as compared to 5,444,920 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1,252,937. The overall
increase is primarily due to an increase in stock compensation expenses of 1,351,480 (mainly as a result of new stock options issued
in the first quarter of 2024), offset by the decrease in D O insurance expense. 

 Amortization 

 Amortization expense was 4,802 for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. Amortization expense for each period consisted of expense for intangible assets of 4,000 and patent costs of 802,
respectively. 

 Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
was 14,389 as compared to 14,380 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The total amortization expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 is for intangible assets of 12,000 and patent costs of 2,389, respectively , as compared to 12,000 for
intangible assets and 2,380 for patent costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 Other income (expenses) 

 Total other expenses for the three months ended September 30,
2024, was (3,599) as compared to (488,191) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The total other expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 consists of interest expense of 3,879 net of interest income of 280. The total other expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2023 consists of change in fair value of derivative liability of 31,033, interest expense of 570,385 offset
by gain on extinguishment of debt of 112,944 and interest income of 283. 

 Total other expenses for the nine months ended September 30,
2024, was (14,670) as compared to (1,287,444) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The total other expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 consists of interest expense of 15,513 net of interest income of 843. The total other expenses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023 consists of interest expense of 6,638,912 and loss on extinguishment of debt of 251,351 offset by change
in fair value of derivative liability of 5,602,052 and interest income of 767. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient
cash flows in the short- and long-term to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt
service, acquisitions and investments, and other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash flows
from operations and other sources, and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. 

 Historically, our principal sources of liquidity have been proceeds
from the issuance of equity. We entered into an At-the Market Sales Agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Craig-Hallum on January 26, 2024 (the Sales Agreement under the terms of which we are able to sell up to 17.0 million of our Common
Stock (the ATM Offering from time to time and at our discretion. As of November 13, 2024, we have received an aggregate
of 6,774,902 in gross proceeds from the ATM sales of 19,262,588 shares of Common Stock, and we have available up to 10,225,098 in future
sales of our Common Stock that we may elect to make under the Sales Agreement. We have paid Craig-Hallum 169,373 in sales commissions
as of November 13, 2024. 

23 

On February 2, 2024, we closed a private placement with seven accredited
investors, whereby we issued a total of 561,793 units ("Units ), with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of our Common Stock
and (ii) one six-year Common Stock purchase warrant having an exercise price of 1.78 per share, subject to adjustment (the "Private
Placement ). The Private Placement resulted in the issuance to investors of 561,793 shares of Common Stock and 561,793 warrants
in an unregistered offering of securities. The purchase price of the securities was 1.78 per Unit, resulting in gross proceeds to the
Company of 1,000,000, before deducting placement agent fees (10 or 100,000) and other offering expenses. We used the net proceeds from
the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

 We have had, and expect that we will continue to have, an ongoing
need to raise additional cash from outside sources to fund our operations and grow our business. We expect that our primary cash needs
in 2024 and for the foreseeable future will be for funding day-to-day operations and working capital requirements, funding our growth
strategy, paying the setup expenses of our internal laboratory and paying expenses incurred in connection with our ongoing FDA submission
activities. We explore our financing options on an ongoing basis. However, given recent stock prices
and the extreme volatility of our stock, it continues to be challenging to balance cash that could be raised and the dilution that might
be required to close a particular transaction. We expect that for the remainder of 2024, we will rely primarily on the ongoing ATM Offering,
provided that market conditions are favorable. 

 At our annual stockholders meeting in December 2023, we obtained
stockholder approval to offer and sell up to 10,000,000 in securities (up to 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, reverse stock splits and other similar recapitalization events) in a transaction or series of transactions not involving
a public offering. This authorization has expired. At our 2024 annual meeting scheduled for November 15, 2024, we plan to ask our stockholders
to make available this potential future issuance of securities for a new three-month period together with the potential to obtain Nasdaq s
consent, which we cannot guarantee, for an additional three-month period thereafter, resulting in a possible six-month period to conduct
a financing within the parameters of the stockholder authority, if granted. We currently have no specific plans for such future offering
but believe having that option available provides our Board of Directors with added flexibility in meeting the Company s liquidity
needs. 

 Our long-term future capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including revenue growth rate, the timing and the amount of cash received from customers, the expansion of sales and marketing activities,
the timing and extent of spending to support investments, including research and development efforts, and the continuing market adoption
of our products. In each fiscal year since our inception, we have incurred losses from operations and generated negative cash flows from
operating activities. We expect this trend to continue in future periods for the foreseeable future. 

 Unless we are able to generate significant cash flows from operations,
which we do not foresee happening in the near term, we will need to finance our operations through the issuance of additional equity and/or
convertible debt securities. Looking forward, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term
operating requirements. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership
of our equity holders could be significantly diluted, particularly at current stock price levels, and these newly-issued securities may
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing equity holders. If we raise additional funds by obtaining loans from
third parties, the terms of those financing arrangements may include negative covenants or other restrictions on our business that could
impair our operating flexibility and also require us to incur interest expense. 

 Working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with
the growth of the business. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. We anticipate that our principal sources
of liquidity, including existing funds and issuances of equity and/or debt securities, will only be sufficient to fund our activities
over the next 12 months. In order to have sufficient cash to fund our operations beyond the next 12 months and grow our business, we will
need to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful
in doing so. 

 If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. Successful transition to attaining profitable operations depends
upon achieving a level of revenue adequate to support our business plan, balanced against ongoing expenses. There is no assurance that
we will be successful in reaching and sustaining profitability. 

 The exercise prices of our
currently outstanding warrants range from a high of 11.50 to a low of 1.78 (subject to adjustment) per share of Common Stock. The likelihood
that warrant holders will exercise their Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we might receive, is dependent upon
the trading price of our Common Stock, the last reported sales price for which was 0.36 on November 12, 2024. If the trading price of
our Common Stock is less than the respective exercise prices of our outstanding Warrants, which has been the case for a substantial period
of time, we believe holders of any of our Warrants will be unlikely to exercise their Warrants. There is no guarantee that the Warrants
will be in the money prior to their respective expiration dates, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless, and we may receive no
proceeds from the exercise of Warrants. Given the current differential between the trading price of our Common Stock and the Warrant exercise
prices and the volatility of our stock price, we are not making strategic business decisions based on an expectation that we will receive
any cash from the exercise of Warrants. However, we will use any cash proceeds received from the exercise of Warrants for general corporate
and working capital purposes, which would increase our liquidity. We will continue to evaluate the probability of Warrant exercises and
the merit of including potential cash proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants in our future liquidity projections. 

24 

Cash
at September 30, 2024 totaled 1,982,590 as compared to 1,283,523 at December 31, 2023, an increase of 699,067. The following
table shows Cardio s cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods: 

Nine Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 3,600,809 
 3,986,498 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 349,577 
 227,343 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,649,453 
 3,725,968 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 3,600,809 as compared to 3,986,498 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash used in operations during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 is a function of net loss of 6,864,145 adjusted for the following non-cash operating items: depreciation
of 76,341, amortization of 115,632, 2,568,753 in stock-based compensation, an increase of 9,140 in accounts receivable, a decrease
of 846,715 in prepaid expenses and other current assets, a decrease of 168,405 in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a decrease
in lease liability of 166,560. 

 The cash used in operations during the nine months ended September
30, 2023 is a function of net loss of 6,987,905 adjusted for the following non-cash operating items: depreciation of 1,377,
amortization of 48,426, 1,217,273 in stock based compensation, 6,612,298 in non-cash interest expense, and 251,351 for loss on
extinguishment of debt offset by 5,602,052 in change in fair value of derivative liability, an increase of 350 in accounts
receivable, a decrease of 876,066 in prepaid expenses and other current assets, an increase in deposits of 7,900, a decrease of
 401,638 in accounts payable and accrued expenses and an increase in lease liability 6,556. 

Cash Used in Investing Activities 

 Cash used in investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 349,577 compared to 227,343 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash
used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to purchases of property and equipment of 211,127 and
patent costs incurred of 138,450. The cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to purchases
of property and equipment of 38,610, payments for right of use asset of 21,352 and patent costs incurred of 167,381. 

 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 was 4,649,453 as compared to 3,725,968 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change was due to 5,178,453
in proceeds from the sale of common stock and warrants offset by 374,000 in payments pursuant to a finance agreement and 155,000 in
payments of placement agent fees, all of which occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to 4,500,000 in proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of original issue discount
of 500,000, 390,000 in proceeds from exercise of warrants, offset by 849,032 payments of finance agreement and 315,000 in payments
of placement agent fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company has generated only nominal revenue since inception. The Company had a net loss of 6,864,145 for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and an accumulated deficit of 21,232,525 at September 30, 2024. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to obtain necessary equity financing and ultimately from generating revenues to continue operations. The
Company expects that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of its existing funds and further issuances
of securities. Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate
to fund operations over the next twelve months. The Company has no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Additional issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to current stockholders. Further, such securities might have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to the Company s Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to take advantage
of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict business operations. 

 The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

25 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

 We did not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

 Contractual Obligations 

 As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any ongoing contractual
obligations that would have a negative impact on liquidity and cash flows. However, if one or more of the following potential claims that
arise from contracts we have entered into were pursued against us, there is the potential that we could see a negative impact on liquidity
and cash flows, depending on the outcome. 

 Prior Relationships of Cardio with Boustead Securities, LLC 

 At the commencement of efforts
to pursue what ultimately ended in the terminated business acquisition, Legacy Cardio entered into a Placement Agent and Advisory Services
Agreement (the "Placement Agent Agreement ), dated April 12, 2021, with Boustead Securities, LLC ("Boustead Securities ).
This agreement was terminated in April 2022, when Legacy Cardio terminated the underlying agreement and plan of merger and the accompanying
escrow agreement relating to that proposed business acquisition after efforts to complete the transaction failed, despite several extensions
of the closing deadline. 

 Under the terminated Placement Agent Agreement, Legacy Cardio agreed
to certain future rights in favor of Boustead Securities, including (i) a two-year tail period during which Boustead Securities would
be entitled to compensation if Cardio were to close on a transaction (as defined in the Placement Agent Agreement) with any party that
was introduced to Legacy Cardio by Boustead Securities; and (ii) a right of first refusal to act as the Company s exclusive placement
agent for 24-months from the end of the term of the Placement Agent Agreement (the "right of first refusal ). Cardio has taken
the position that due to Boustead Securities failure to perform as contemplated by the Placement Agent Agreement, these provisions
purporting to provide future rights are null and void. 

 Boustead Securities responded to the termination of the Placement
Agent Agreement by disputing Legacy Cardio s contention that it had not performed under the Placement Agent Agreement because, among
other things, Boustead Securities had never sought out prospective investors. In its response, Boustead Securities included a list of
funds that they had supposedly contacted on Legacy Cardio s behalf. While Boustead Securities contention appears to contradict
earlier communications from Boustead Securities in which they indicated that they had not made any such contacts or introductions, Boustead
Securities is currently contending that they are due success fees for two years following the termination of the Placement Agent Agreement
on any transaction with any person on the list of supposed contacts or introductions. Legacy Cardio strongly disputes this position. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not consummated any transaction, as defined, with any potential party that purportedly was a contact of
Boustead Securities in connection with the Placement Agent Agreement and has no plans to do so at any time during the tail period. No
legal proceedings have been instigated by either party, and Cardio believes that the final outcome will not have a material adverse impact
on its financial condition. 

 The Benchmark Company, LLC Right of First Refusal 

 As noted in Note 1, the Company completed a business combination
with Mana on October 25, 2022. In connection with the proposed business combination, by agreement dated May 13, 2022, Mana engaged The
Benchmark Company, LLC ("Benchmark as its M A advisor. Upon closing of the business combination, Cardio assumed the contractual
engagement entered into by Mana. On November 14, 2022, Cardio and Benchmark entered into Amendment No. 1 Engagement Letter (the Amendment
Engagement ). Pursuant to the Amendment Engagement, Benchmark has been granted a right of first refusal to act as lead or joint-lead
investment banker, lead or joint-lead book-runner and/or lead or joint-lead placement agent for all future public and private equity and
debt offerings through October 25, 2023. Based on the right of first refusal, Benchmark alleges that it is owed damages because the Company
entered into the Yorkville Convertible Debenture Transaction (see Note 11 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) without first
offering Benchmark the right to serve as the lead or joint-lead placement agent for the transaction. The Company continues to evaluate
the claim. No legal proceedings have been instigated. 

 Demand Letter and Potential Mootness Fee Claim 

 On June 25, 2022, a plaintiffs 
securities law firm sent a demand letter to the Company alleging that the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed (the
"S-4 Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC on May 31, 2022 omitted material
information with respect to the Business Combination and demanding that the Company and its Board of Directors immediately provide corrective
disclosures in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement. Subsequent thereto, the Company filed amendments to the S-4 Registration
Statement on July 27, 2022, August 23, 2022, September 15, 2022, October 4, 2022 and October 5, 2022 in which it responded to various
comments of the SEC staff and otherwise updated its disclosure. In October 2022, the SEC completed its review and declared the S-4 registration
statement effective on October 6, 2022. On February 23, 2023 and February 27, 2023, plaintiffs securities law firm contacted the
Company s counsel asking who will be negotiating a mootness fee relating to the purported claims set forth in the June 25, 2022
demand letter. The Company vigorously denies that the S-4 Registration Statement,
as amended and declared effective, is deficient in any respect and believes that no additional
supplemental disclosures are material or required. The Company believes that the claims asserted in the Demand Letter are without merit
and that no further disclosure is required to supplement the S-4 Registration Statement under applicable laws. As of the date
of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, no lawsuit has been filed against the Company by that firm. The firm has indicated its
willingness to litigate the matter if a mutually satisfactory resolution cannot be agreed upon; however, Cardio believes that the final
outcome will not have a material adverse impact on its financial condition. 

26 

Northland Securities, Inc. 

 In January 2024, following the Company s termination of its
agreement with Yorkville and in connection with the Company s recent at the market offering and/or its February 2024 private placement,
a managing director of Northland Securities, Inc. ("Northland contacted the Company claiming the right to be paid a fee of
approximately 150,000 pursuant to the agreement of March 1, 2023 between the Company and Northland regarding the Yorkville financing.
Subsequently, the Company has been advised by another representative of Northland that Northland would not proceed with any such claim.
The Company does not believe that it owes Northland any sum based on the termination of the Yorkville Securities Purchase Agreement and
the subsequent financing transactions. 

 The Company cannot preclude the possibility that claims or lawsuits
brought relating to any alleged securities law violations or breaches of fiduciary duty could potentially require significant time and
resources to defend and/or settle and distract its management and board of directors from focusing on its business. 

 Directors and Officers Insurance 

 In connection with the Company s
various contractual obligations arising in the ordinary course of business, the Company is required to maintain insurance coverage for
claims against its directors and officers. 

 Notice of Non-Compliance with Nasdaq
Listing Requirements 

 On June 3, 2024, the Company received
a letter from Nasdaq indicating that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s common stock
had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). As reported
on our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2024, we have an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until December 2, 2024 to regain
compliance. Under certain circumstances, the Company may be granted an additional 180 days, or until May 29, 2025, to regain compliance.
If we fail to regain compliance with the minimum bid requirement within the cure period (or extended cure period, if made available) or
if we fail to continue to meet all applicable continued listing requirements for Nasdaq in the future, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

 Cardio s consolidated financial statements are prepared in
accordance with GAAP in the United States. The preparation of its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
requires it to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in Cardio s financial statements. Cardio bases its estimates on historical experience,
known trends and events and various other factors that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Cardio
evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Cardio s actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

 While Cardio s significant accounting policies are described
in more detail in Note 2 to its consolidated financial statements, Cardio believes that the following accounting policies are
those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 

 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

27 

Fair Value Measurements 

 The Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures, which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. 

 The estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including
cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values
because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts of our short- and long-term credit obligations approximate
fair value because the effective yields on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other
features such as concurrent issuances of warrants and/or embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments
of similar credit risk. 

 ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received
for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

 Level 1 quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities 

 Level 2 quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable 

 Level 3 
inputs that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) 

 Stock-Based Compensation 

 Cardio accounts for its stock-based
awards granted under its employee compensation plan in accordance with ASC Topic No. 718-20, Awards Classified as Equity, which
requires the measurement of compensation expense for all share-based compensation granted to employees and non-employee directors
at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation expense over the related service period for awards expected to vest. The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock options and warrants. The Black-Scholes option
pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility of the Company s
common stock, the risk-free interest rate at the date of grant, the expected vesting term of the grant, expected dividends, and an assumption
related to forfeitures of such grants. Changes in these subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate of
the Company s stock options and warrants. 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K,
the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company. 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

 Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the period presented. 

 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will
prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of
disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

28 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 There has not been any change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 From time-to-time, the Company may be involved in various civil
actions as part of its normal course of business. The Company is not a party to any litigation that is material to ongoing operations
as defined in Item 103 of Regulation S-K as of the period ended September 30, 2024. 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 There have
been no material changes to the risk factors previously described in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023 except as set forth below. These risk factors, collectively, describe
 some of the assumptions, risks, uncertainties and other factors that could adversely affect our
business or that could otherwise result in changes that differ materially from our expectations. We may disclose changes to such risk
factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC, including as set forth below. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition or future results. 

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with
the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 

 Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq ).
In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements including, without limitation, a requirement
that the closing bid price of our Common Stock be at least 1.00 per share. On June 3, 2024, we received a letter from Nasdaq indicating
that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00
per share requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). As reported on our Current Report on Form
8-K dated June 7, 2024, we have an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until December 2, 2024 to regain compliance. Under certain
circumstances, we may be granted an additional 180 days, or until May 29, 2025, to regain compliance. We anticipate seeking Nasdaq s
grant of the additional 180-day extension of the compliance deadline before December 2, 2024. If we fail to regain compliance with the
minimum bid requirement within the cure period (or extended cure period, if made available) or if we fail to continue to meet all applicable
continued listing requirements for Nasdaq in the future, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 

 If Nasdaq
delists our shares of Common Stock and Public Warrants for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our securityholders could
face significant material adverse consequences including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of our common stock; 

a limited amount of analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

29 

Although our financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis, we must raise additional capital to fund our operations in order to continue as a going concern. 

 Prager Metis, our independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion that accompanied our audited consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, indicating that our current liquidity position raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Disclosure in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in this Form 10-Q reiterates this risk as of the third quarter of 2024.
If we are unable to improve our liquidity position, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. Our 2023 audited consolidated financial
statements did not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern and, therefore, be required
to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities other than in the normal course of business which could cause investors to suffer
the loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment. We anticipate that our principal sources of liquidity will only be
sufficient to fund our activities over the next 12 months. In order to have sufficient cash to fund our operations beyond the next 12
months, we will need to raise additional equity over the next 12 months in order to continue as a going concern and we cannot provide
any assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration s FDA s newly-issued rule for laboratory developed tests LDTs ), which will be phased in over a period of four years, will significantly
change the regulatory landscape for LDTs. Unless the rule is overturned by a court or Congress, our currently marketed LDTs and those
we develop in the future will be subject to new requirements which may include, for some tests, premarket clearance, de novo authorization
or premarket approval. We will incur substantial costs and delays associated with complying with the new rule. 

 We believe our Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests
are LDTs. The FDA generally considers an LDT to be a test that is designed, manufactured, and used within a single laboratory that is
certified under CLIA and meets the regulatory requirements under CLIA to perform high complexity testing 

 The FDA has historically taken the position that it has the authority
to regulate LDTs as in-vitro diagnostics IVDs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act ),
although it has generally exercised enforcement discretion with regard to LDTs. This means that even though the FDA believes it can impose
regulatory requirements on LDTs, such as requirements to obtain premarket approval, de novo authorization or clearance of LDTs, it has
generally chosen not to enforce those requirements. 

 On May 6, 2024, the FDA published a final rule amending the definition
of an IVD device to include IVDs manufactured by a clinical laboratory. The final rule also announced the FDA s intention to phase
out its general enforcement discretion policy. On May 29, 2024, the American Clinical Laboratory Association filed a lawsuit against FDA
in the Eastern District of Texas challenging the FDA s agency authority to regulate LDTs. On August 19, 2024, the Association for
Molecular Pathology filed a separate lawsuit in challenging FDA s authority the Southern District of Texas. These lawsuits have
been consolidated and briefing is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.The ultimate success of these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits
that may be brought against the FDA challenging the LDT rule, is uncertain. It is also unclear whether a court would delay the implementation
of the final rule while the litigation is ongoing, which means we may need to initiate steps to comply with the final rule even if it
is ultimately overturned. Unless the rule is overturned by a court or Congress, the medical device requirements for most LDTs will be
phased in beginning on May 6, 2025. 

 The requirements established in the Final Rule include premarket
authorization for some LDTs (510(k) clearance, de novo authorization or premarket approval) performed by a laboratory, and postmarket
registration and listing, medical device reporting, correction, removal, and recall, complaint handling, labeling, investigational device,
and quality system requirements. Certain categories of LDTs will be subject to enforcement discretion with respect to some or all of these
requirements. For example, FDA will apply enforcement discretion to currently marketed LDTs that were first offered prior to May 6, 2024,
with respect to most quality system requirements and the requirement for premarket authorization if they are not modified or modified
in only limited ways. Laboratories performing these tests are subject to other requirements, including the requirement to submit the labeling
for the LDT to FDA for review, which could be burdensome and expensive. FDA will similarly exercise enforcement discretion with respect
to premarket clearance, de novo classification, or premarket approval requirements for LDTs approved by the New York State Clinical Laboratory
Evaluation Program. 

 Compliance with these additional regulatory requirements will be
time-consuming and expensive. If we are required to obtain premarket notification, de novo authorization or premarket approval for our
existing tests, or for any future tests we may develop, we may be required to successfully complete analytical, pre-clinical and/or clinical
studies beyond the studies we have already performed or planned to perform for our LDTs. These studies may be extensive and costly and
may take a substantial period of time to complete. Any such studies may fail to generate data that meet the FDA s requirements.
The studies may also not be conducted in a manner that meets the FDA s requirements, and therefore may not support the marketing
application. There can be no assurance that the submission of such an application will result in a timely response by the FDA or a favorable
outcome that will allow the test to be marketed. In addition, we may be forced to stop selling our tests or we may be required to modify
claims for or make other changes to our tests while we work to obtain FDA clearance approval or de novo authorization. Our business may
be adversely affected while such review is ongoing and if we are ultimately unable to obtain premarket clearance. de novo authorization
or premarket approval. 

 Various bills have been introduced in Congress seeking to substantially
revamp the regulation of both LDTs and IVDs, but no legislation has been enacted thus far. 

30 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

 None. 

 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

 None. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 None. 

 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer
 or : 

 (i) Any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or
sale of securities of the Company intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c); and 

 (ii) Any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement as defined in paragraph (c) of item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Incorporation by Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 

Filing 
Date 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 27, 2022 by and among Mana Capital Acquisition Corp., Mana Merger Sub, Inc., Cardio Diagnostics, Inc., and Meeshanthini (Meesha) Dogan, as representatives of the shareholders (included as Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) 
 
 8-K 

2.1 

5/31/2022 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment dated September 15, 2022 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 27, 2022 by and among Mana Capital Acquisition Corp., Mana Merger Sub, Inc., Cardio Diagnostics, Inc., and Meeshanthini (Meesha) Dogan, as representatives of the shareholders 
 
 8-K 

2.1 

9/15/22 
 
 2.3 
 
 Waiver Agreement dated as of October 25, 2022 with respect to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 27, 2022, as amended on September 15, 2022 
 
 8-K 

2.3 

10/31/22 
 
 3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc., dated May 30, 2023 
 
 8-K 

3.1 

5/30/23 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-laws 
 
 S-1 

3.3 

10/19/21 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 

4.2 

11/10/21 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (contained in Exhibit 4.3) 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

11/26/21 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

11/26/21 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 

4.5 

4/1/24 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1+ 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2+ 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

+ 
 
 Furnished herewith.
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and
 not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Cardio Diagnostics
 Holdings, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or
 after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Elisa Luqman 

Elisa Luqman 

Chief Financial Officer 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Meeshanthini V. Dogan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Meeshanthini V. Dogan 

Meeshanthini V. Dogan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Elisa Luqman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Elisa Luqman 

Elisa Luqman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, (the Report of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September
30, 2024, the undersigned, Meeshanthini V. Dogan, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Meeshanthini V. Dogan 

Meeshanthini V. Dogan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, (the Report of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September
30, 2024, the undersigned, Elisa Luqman, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Elisa Luqman 

Elisa Luqman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cdio-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cdio-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cdio-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cdio-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

