<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1857853_0001857853-24-000117.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5987603</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99923</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1205072</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1939312</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1421718</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1216756</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001857853-24-000117.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106192242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001857853-24-000117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Traeger, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857853
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES [3630]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				822739741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40694
		FILM NUMBER:		241432641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		533 SOUTH 400 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-701-7180

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		533 SOUTH 400 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TGPX Holdings I LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001857853-24-000117.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 tra-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tra-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 29 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 30 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 30 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 30 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 30 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 32 
 SIGNATURES 
 33 

i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates," believes, estimates, forecasts, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, general macroeconomic trends, industry and business trends, equity compensation, business strategy, plans, market growth and our objectives for future operations. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, our history of operating losses, our ability to manage our future growth effectively, our ability to expand into additional markets, our ability to maintain and strengthen our brand to generate and maintain ongoing demand for our products, our ability to cost-effectively attract new customers and retain our existing customers, our failure to maintain product quality and product performance at an acceptable cost, the impact of product liability and warranty claims and product recalls, the highly competitive market in which we operate, the use of social media and community ambassadors, issues in relation to environmental, social and governance ESG matters, both in relation to our own operations and the operations of our supply chain partners, a decline in sales of our grills, our dependence on three major retailers, risks associated with our international operations, our reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers and problems with (or loss of) our suppliers or an inability to obtain raw materials, and the ability of our stockholders to influence corporate matters and the other important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2024. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Line of credit Current portion of notes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of contingent consideration Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of current portion Operating leases liabilities, net of current portion Deferred tax liability Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies See Note 10 
 par value; shares authorized and shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized 
 Issued and outstanding shares - and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Restructuring costs Total operating expense Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) Total other expense 
 ) ) ) ) Loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in cash flow hedge ) Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Issuance of common stock under stock plan Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Issuance of common stock under stock plan Stock-based compensation Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Member's and Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Issuance of common stock under stock plan Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Issuance of common stock under stock plan Stock-based compensation Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in cash flow hedge ) ) Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative contracts 
 ) Amortization of dedesignated cash flow hedge ) ) Change in contingent consideration 
 ) Other non-cash adjustments Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other non-current liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Capitalization of patent costs ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from line of credit Repayments on line of credit ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs 
 ) Principal payments on finance lease obligations 
 ) ) Payments of acquisition related contingent consideration 
 ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 (Continued) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for interest Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES Equipment purchased under finance leases Property, plant, and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 TRAEGER, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 ("JOBS Act"). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised financial accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. The Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with the adoption of new or revised accounting standards and as a result of this election, its financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The Company will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of its common stock that is held by non-affiliates is at least 700 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the Company has total annual gross revenues of 1.24 billion or more during such fiscal year, (iii) the date on which the Company issues more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or (iv) December 31, 2026. 
 
 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Customer B Customer C 
 Concentrations of credit risk exist to the extent credit terms are extended with four customers that account for a significant portion of the Company s trade accounts receivables. As of September 30, 2024, there were four customers A, B, C, and D that accounted for , , , and of the Company's trade accounts receivables as compared to , , , and as of December 31, 2023. A disruption to a business that would impact its ability to meet its financial obligations on the part of any one of these four customers could result in a material amount of exposure to the Company. No other single customer accounted for greater than 10 of trade accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Additionally, no other single customer accounted for greater than 10 of the Company s net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company s sales to dealers and distributors located outside the United States are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. The Company does have sales to certain dealers located in the European Union, the United Kingdom and Canada which are denominated in Euros, British Pounds and Canadian Dollars, respectively. 
 The Company relies on a limited number of suppliers for its contract manufacturing of grills and accessories. A significant disruption in the operations of certain of these manufacturers, or in the transportation of parts and accessories would impact the production of the Company s products for a substantial period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition and Sales Reserves and Allowances 
 8 

Table of Contents 

3 REVENUE 
 Consumables Accessories Total revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenue by geography 2024 2023 2024 2023 North America Rest of world Total revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenue by sales channel 2024 2023 2024 2023 Retail Direct to consumer Total revenue 
 
 4 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES, NET 
 Allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Sales reserves, discounts and allowances 
 ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 
 
 5 INVENTORIES 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Work in process Finished goods Inventories 
 
 6 ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 Warranty accrual Accrued compensation and bonus Other Accrued expenses 
 Warranty claims ) ) ) ) Warranty costs accrued Warranty accrual, end of period 
 
 7 DERIVATIVES 
 million, fixed rate of and a maturity date of February 28, 2026. This agreement was designated as a cash flow hedge on the exposure of the variability of future cash flows subject to the variable monthly interest rates on million of the term loan portion under the First Lien Term Loan Facility (as defined below). The Company assessed hedge effectiveness at the time of entering into the agreement, utilizing a regression analysis, and determined the hedge is expected to be highly effective. 
 As a cash flow hedge, the interest rate swap is revalued at current market rates, with the changes in valuation being recorded in other comprehensive income within the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, to the extent that the hedge is effective. The gains or losses on the interest rate swaps are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and are reclassified into interest expense in the periods in which the interest rate swap affects earnings. The cash flows related to interest settlements and changes in valuation are classified consistent with the treatment of the hedged monthly interest payments generally as operating activities on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 In January 2023, the Company changed the interest reset period from one month to three months on the term loan portion under the First Lien Term Loan Facility (as defined below). As a result, the Company dedesignated its hedging relationship. At the time of dedesignation total amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") was million and will be amortized into earnings as a reduction of interest expense over the term of the previously hedged interest payments. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million remaining within AOCI to be amortized into earnings as a reduction of interest expense. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Liability Fair Value Net Asset Fair Value 
 Foreign Currency Contracts 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to its purchases and international operations. The Company utilizes foreign currency contracts to manage foreign currency risk in purchasing inventory and capital equipment, and future settlement of foreign denominated assets and liabilities. The volume of the Company s foreign currency contract activity is limited by the amount of transaction exposure in each foreign currency and the Company s election as to whether to hedge the transactions. There are no derivative instruments entered into for speculative purposes. 
 The Company had outstanding foreign currency contracts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company did not elect hedge accounting for any of these contracts. The fair market value of the contracts in an asset position are offset by the fair market value of the contracts in a liability position to reach a net position. For periods where the net position is an asset balance, the balance is recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and for periods where the net position is a liability balance, the balance is recorded within other current liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the net fair value of contracts are recorded in other income (expense), net within the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Gross Liability Fair Value Net Fair Value) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) 
 ) Total losses ) ) ) 
 
 8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative assets interest rate swap contract (2) 
 2 Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration earn out (3) 
 3 Total liabilities 
 (1) Included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Included in current contingent consideration in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Transfers of assets and liabilities among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 are recorded as of the actual date of the events or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy of the Company s assets or liabilities measured at fair value. 
 The fair value of the Company s derivative assets through its foreign currency contracts is based upon observable market-based inputs that reflect the present values of the differences between estimated future foreign currency rates versus fixed future settlement prices per the contracts, and therefore, are classified within Level 2. The fair value of the Company's interest rate swap contract held with a financial institution is classified as a Level 2 financial instrument, which is valued using observable underlying interest rates and market-determined risk premiums at the reporting date. 
 On November 10, 2022, the Company entered into the second amendment to the share purchase agreement associated with the Apption Labs business combination to extend the earn out period through the end of fiscal year 2023. This amendment also modified the contingent consideration calculation associated with the achievement of certain revenue, earnings, and successful product launch thresholds for fiscal years 2022 and 2023. In April 2024, the Company paid the remaining million of contingent consideration based on the achievement of certain earnings and product launch thresholds for fiscal year 2023. 
 The fair values of the Company's contingent consideration earn out obligation were estimated using a Black Scholes model. Key assumptions used in these estimates include the weighted average cost of capital and the probability assessments with respect to the likelihood of achieving the forecasted performance targets consistent with the level of risk of achievement. As these are significant unobservable inputs, the contingent consideration earn out obligation is included in Level 3 inputs. 
 At each reporting date, the Company revalues the contingent consideration obligation to its fair value and records increases and decreases in fair value in the revaluation of contingent consideration in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligation results from changes in discount periods and rates, and changes in probability assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achieving the performance targets. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Payments of contingent consideration ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Contingent consideration, end of period 
 Less: amounts paid in excess of the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration (1) 
 ) ) Acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration (2) 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (3) 
 Less: amounts paid in excess of the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration (1) 
 ) ) Net change in contingent consideration (4) 
 ) 
 (1) Included in the change in contingent consideration as an operating activity in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 (2) Agrees to the payments of acquisition related contingent consideration as a financing activity within the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 (3) Agrees to the change in fair value of contingent consideration in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (4) Agrees to the change in contingent consideration as an operating activity in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Total liabilities 
 (1) Included in current portion of notes payable and notes payable, net of current portion within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Due to the unobservable nature of the inputs these financial instruments are considered to be Level 3 instruments in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 9 
 million senior secured term loan facility (the "First Lien Term Loan Facility"), including a million delayed draw term loan, and a million revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the First Lien Term Loan Facility, the "Credit Facilities"). The Company entered into an agency transfer agreement on April 30, 2024, pursuant to which Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. succeeded Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Credit Facilities. The Company s obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement are substantively unchanged. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to per annum based on the Company's Public Debt Rating (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement). The floating component was based on the Term SOFR (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) for the relevant interest period. The First Lien Term Loan Facility requires periodic principal payments from December 2021 through June 2028, with any remaining unpaid principal and any accrued and unpaid interest due on the maturity date of June 29, 2028. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal amount outstanding on the First Lien Term Loan Facility was million. 
 Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate per annum that considers both fixed and floating components. The fixed component ranges from to per annum based on the Company's most recently determined First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement). The floating component was based on the Term SOFR for the relevant interest period. The Revolving Credit Facility also has a variable commitment fee, which is based on the Company's most recently determined First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and ranges from to per annum on undrawn amounts. Letters of credit may be issued under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed million which, when issued, lower the overall borrowing capacity of the facility. The Revolving Credit Facility expires on June 29, 2026 and no principal payments are due before such date. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no outstanding loan amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The First Lien Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or liens (with certain exceptions), make certain investments, engage in fundamental changes or transactions including changes of control, transfer or dispose of certain assets, make restricted payments (including dividends), engage in new lines of business, make certain prepayments and engage in certain affiliate transactions. In addition, the Company is subject to a financial covenant and is required to maintain a First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) not to exceed to 1.00. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Facilities. 
 Accounts Receivable Credit Facility 
 On November 2, 2020, the Company entered into a receivables financing agreement (as amended, the "Receivables Financing Agreement"). Through the Receivables Financing Agreement, the Company participates in a trade receivables securitization program, administered on its behalf by MUFG Bank Ltd. ("MUFG"), using outstanding accounts receivable balances as collateral, which have been contributed by the Company to its wholly owned subsidiary and special purpose entity, Traeger SPE LLC (the "SPE"). While the Company provides operational services to the SPE, the receivables are owned by the SPE once contributed to it by the Company. The Company is the primary beneficiary and holds all equity interests of the SPE, thus the Company consolidates the SPE without any significant judgments. 
 On November 8, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 9 to the Receivables Financing Agreement in order to extend the expiration of the facility by to June 27, 2025. As part of the amendment, the maximum borrowing capacity was decreased from million to million and allows for seasonal adjustments, at the discretion of the Company (with consent of the lenders under the Receivables Financing Agreement), to change the capacity anywhere between million and million. The Company is required to pay fixed interest on outstanding cash advances of , a floating interest based on the CP Rate (as defined in the Receivables Financing Agreement), and an unused capacity charge that ranges from to . Amendment No. 9 also implemented a new liquidity threshold at million of liquidity. If the Company's liquidity falls below this threshold, it may result in an increase in the required level of reserves, which would result in a reduction of the Company's borrowing base under the Receivables Financing Agreement during such a liquidity shortfall. 
 On August 6, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 10 to the Receivables Financing Agreement in order to extend the expiration of the facility to August 6, 2027. As part of the amendment, the Company is required to pay an upfront fee for the facility, along with a fixed interest rate on outstanding cash advances of approximately and a floating interest rate based on the CP Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR (each as defined in the Receivables Financing Agreement). The Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Receivables Financing Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had drawn down million under this facility for general corporate and working capital purposes. 
 
 10 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 14 

Table of Contents 

11 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 shares, increased to shares on January 1, 2022 by operation of an annual increase provision in the 2021 Plan, and which shares may be authorized but unissued shares, treasury shares, or shares purchased in the open market. On January 1, 2024 and 2023, an additional and shares of common stock became available for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan, respectively, as a result of the operation of an automatic annual increase provision in the 2021 Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 Plan, no more than shares of our common stock may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options under the 2021 Plan. 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 2023 Performance Shares 
 On April 13, 2023, following mutual agreement between the Company and each named executive officer, our board of directors approved the cancellation and termination of the unearned performance stock units originally granted to certain executives in connection with the initial public offering. On the same day, the Company s board of directors approved a grant to the Chief Executive Officer CEO of an award of performance-based restricted shares (the 2023 Performance Shares ). 
 The 2023 Performance Shares were eligible to be earned upon the achievement of an Adjusted EBITDA goal during the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2023. Based on the achievement of the Adjusted EBITDA goal, the 2023 Performance Shares became earned and vested on March 31, 2024 . 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 performance-based restricted shares (the 2024 Performance Shares and, together with the 2023 Performance Shares, the CEO Performance Shares ). The 2024 Performance Shares were issued under the 2021 Plan and are intended to retain and incentivize the CEO to lead the Company to sustained, long-term superior financial performance. 
 The number of 2024 Performance Shares eligible to be earned are determined upon the achievement of the Threshold, Target and Maximum Adjusted EBITDA Goals (as defined in the performance-based restricted stock agreement) for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2024. Any 2024 Performance Shares that become earned based on the achievement of the Adjusted EBITDA goals will vest on March 31, 2025. 
 To the extent that the Company achieves Adjusted EBITDA that is less than the Threshold Adjusted EBITDA Goal during the 2024 fiscal year, then of the 2024 Performance Shares will instead become eligible to be earned based on the achievement of a stock price goal of per share (the Stock Price Goal for the period beginning on January 1, 2025 and ending on August 2, 2031. If the Stock Price Goal is achieved, the 2024 Performance Shares that become earned as a result of the achievement of the Stock Price Goal will vest on the later of March 31, 2025 or the date on which the Stock Price Goal is achieved. 
 The vesting of the 2024 Performance Shares is in all cases subject to the CEO s continued service as the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Executive Chairman of our board of directors. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company s board of directors approved the granting of performance-based restricted stock units PSUs to certain executives. The number of PSUs eligible to be earned are determined upon the achievement of the Threshold, Target and Maximum Adjusted EBITDA Goals (as defined in the PSU Agreement) for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2024. Any PSUs that become earned based on the achievement of the Adjusted EBITDA goals will primarily vest on March 31, 2025. 
 The vesting of the PSUs is in all cases subject to the continued employment with the Company or its affiliates. 
 For the time-based restricted stock units RSUs and PSUs, the compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting schedule and on an accelerated basis over the tranche s requisite service period, respectively. For the CEO Performance Shares, the compensation expense is recognized on an accelerated basis over the tranche s requisite service period. The compensation expense related to the PSUs and CEO Performance Shares could increase or decrease depending on the estimated probability of achieving the Adjusted EBITDA goals over the requisite service period. In addition, when an award is forfeited prior to the vesting date, the Company will recognize an adjustment for the previously recognized expense in the period of the forfeiture, with the exception of performance-based awards for which the requisite service period has been satisfied. 
 The grant date fair values of the 2024 Performance Shares and PSUs were based on the shares and units eligible to be earned under the Target Adjusted EBITDA Goal as of the applicable grant date. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested time-based restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or cancelled Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Com pany had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested performance-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted shares that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid million for the net settlement of income tax obligations related to employee equity awards that vested during the period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, amounts were paid for the net settlement of income tax obligations related to employee equity awards that vested during the period. 
 
 12 INCOME TAXES 
 and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of and , respectively. 
 The Company regularly evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, loss carryback and tax planning strategies. Generally, more weight is given to objectively verifiable evidence, such as the cumulative loss in recent years, as a significant piece of negative evidence to overcome. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's U.S. operations have resulted in losses, and as such, the Company maintains a valuation allowance against substantially all its U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 
 13 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded expenses associated with such services of million and million, respectively. Amounts payable to the third party as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 14 NET LOSS PER SHARE 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock units and performance shares Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted Loss per share 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our "Annual Report on Form 10-K"), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), on March 8, 2024. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many important factors, such as those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K , our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For convenience of presentation, some of the numbers have been rounded in the text below. 
 
 Overview 
 Traeger is the creator and category leader of the wood pellet grill, an outdoor cooking system that ignites all-natural hardwoods to grill, smoke, bake, roast, braise, and barbecue. Our grills are versatile and easy to use, empowering cooks of all skill sets to create delicious meals with a wood-fired flavor that cannot be replicated with gas, charcoal, or electric grills. Grills are at the core of our platform and are complemented by Traeger wood pellets, rubs, sauces and accessories. 
 Our marketing strategy has been instrumental in building our brand and driving customer advocacy and revenue. We have disrupted the outdoor cooking market and created a passionate community, the Traegerhood, which includes foodies, pitmasters, backyard heroes, moms and dads, professional athletes, outdoorsmen and outdoorswomen, and world-class chefs. This community, together with our various marketing initiatives, has helped to promote our brand and products to the wider consumer population and supported our efforts to redefine outdoor cooking as an experience accessible to everyone. We have an active online and social media presence and a content-rich website that drives significant customer engagement and brings our Traegerhood together. We also directly engage with our current and target customers by sponsoring and participating in a variety of events, including live shows, outdoor festivals, rodeos, music and film festivals, barbecue competitions, fishing tournaments, and retailer events. We believe the style and authenticity of our customer engagement reinforces our brand and drives new and existing customer interest in our products and community. 
 Our revenue is primarily generated through the sale of our wood pellet grills, consumables and accessories. We currently offer seven series of grills Pro (with and without WiFIRE), Ironwood, Timberline, and Flatrock as well as a selection of smaller, portable grills within our Town and Travel Series and a special Club Lineup through targeted channels. Our grills are available in a number of different sizes and can be upgraded through a variety of accessories. A growing number of our grills feature WiFIRE technology, which allows users to monitor and adjust their grills remotely using our Traeger app. Our consumables include our wood pellets, which are made from natural, virgin hardwood and are available in a variety of flavors, as well as rubs and sauces. Our accessories include MEATER smart thermometers, P.A.L. Pop-And-Lock accessory rails, grill covers, liners, tools, apparel and other ancillary items. 
 We sell our grills using an omnichannel distribution strategy that consists primarily of retail and direct to consumer ("DTC") channels. Our retail channel covers brick-and-mortar retailers, e-commerce platforms, and multichannel retailers, who, in turn, sell our grills to their end customers. Our retailers include Ace Hardware, Amazon, Costco, The Home Depot, and Best Buy, among others, as well as a significant number of independent retailers that cater to local communities and specific categories, such as hardware, camping, outdoor, farm, ranch, barbecue and other categories. Our DTC channel covers sales directly to customers through our website and Traeger app, as well as certain country- and region-specific Traeger or distributor websites. Our consumables and accessories are available through the same channels as our grills. 
 Over the last several years, we have made significant investments in our supply chain and manufacturing operations. Our supply chain includes third party manufacturers for our grills and accessories and pellet production facilities for our wood pellets that we own or lease. We work closely with our manufacturers to evolve on design, manufacturing process and product quality. Our grills are currently manufactured in China and Vietnam, our wood pellets are produced at facilities located in New York, Oregon, Georgia, Virginia, and Texas, and our MEATER smart thermometer accessories are currently manufactured in Taiwan. We have entered into manufacturing agreements covering the supply of substantially all of our grills and accessories, pursuant to which we make purchases on a purchase order basis. We rely on several third-party suppliers for the components used in our grills, including integrated circuits, processors, and system on chips. 
 Our revenue increased by 3.7 and decreased by 1.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and was 122.1 million and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 435.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, up from 117.7 million and down from 442.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We recorded a net loss of 19.8 million and 27.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a net loss of 19.3 million and 60.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 We believe that our financial condition and results of operations have been, and will continue to be, affected by a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those below and in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Macroeconomic Conditions 
 There is significant uncertainty regarding how macroeconomic conditions, including sustained high levels of inflation and higher interest rates, will impact consumer demand for durable goods. While some of these conditions have negatively impacted consumer discretionary spending behavior, we continue to see demand for our products. We have, however, seen instances of consumer sensitivity to higher price points. Therefore, we have utilized promotional activity and strategic pricing action on select grills, which has primarily attributed to unit volume growth in excess of 80 , partially offset by high-double digit reduction in average selling price due to mix shift to lower priced grills, strategic pricing action on select grills, and higher mix of direct import sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year period. As a result, revenue from our grills increased by 7.3 million to 246.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year period. 
 In response to these macroeconomic conditions, we have taken actions to identify and execute on cost savings initiatives, while simultaneously seeking to maintain product quality and reliability across the supply chain. For example, we have partnered with certain retailers in a direct import program, executed long-term transportation contracts, and implemented operational efficiencies across our pellet mill operations. As a result, we have experienced an increase in gross margin to 42.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 36.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We expect continued cost savings to improve operating results in the long-term, but given the uncertainty of the macroeconomic environment in the near-term, there can be no assurance regarding the outcome of our continuing efforts to help mitigate the effects of these conditions on our business. We will continue to monitor and, if necessary, take additional action to mitigate the effects of the macroeconomic environment on our business. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of grills, consumables and accessories in North America, which includes the United States and Canada. We recognize revenue, net of product returns, for our grills, consumables and accessories generally at the time of delivery to retailers through our retail channel and to customers through our DTC channel. Estimated product returns are recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time of recognition and are calculated based on product returns history, observable changes in return behavior, and expected returns based on sales volume and mix. We also have certain contractual programs that can give rise to elements of variable consideration, such as volume incentive rebates, with estimated amounts of credits recorded as a reduction to revenue. 
 Although we experience demand for our products throughout the year, there is seasonal fluctuations in our revenue. We have typically experienced moderately higher levels of sales of our grills in the first and second quarters of the year as our retailers purchase inventory in advance of warmer weather, when demand for outdoor cooking products is the highest across our key markets. Higher sales also coincide with social events and national holidays, which occur during the same warm weather timeframe. Additionally, we have typically experienced higher sales volume of our accessories during the fourth quarter of the year, due in part to seasonal holiday demand. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit reflects revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists of product costs, including the costs of components, costs of products from our third-party manufacturers, direct and indirect manufacturing costs across all products, packaging, inbound freight and duties, warehousing and fulfillment, warranty costs, product quality testing and inspection costs, excess and obsolete inventory write-downs, cloud-hosting costs for our WiFIRE connected grills, depreciation of tooling and manufacturing equipment, amortization of internal use software and patented technology, and certain employee-related expenses. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We calculate gross margin as gross profit divided by revenue. Gross margin can be impacted by several factors, including, in particular, product mix and sales channel mix. For example, gross margin on sales through our DTC channel is generally higher than gross margin on sales through our retail channel. If our DTC sales grow faster than sales from our retail channel, and if we are able to realize greater economies of scale or product cost improvements through engineering and sourcing, we would expect a favorable impact to overall gross margin over time. Additionally, gross margin on sales of certain of our products is higher than for others. If revenue from sales of wood pellets increased as a percentage of total revenue, we would expect to see an increase in overall gross margin. These favorable anticipated gross margin impacts may not be realized, or may be offset by other unfavorable gross margin factors. Additionally, any new products that we develop, or our planned expansion into new geographies, may impact our future gross margin. External factors beyond our control, such as duties and tariffs and costs of doing business in certain geographies can also impact gross margin. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of the costs associated with advertising and marketing of our products and employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, as well as sales incentives and professional services. These costs can include print, internet and television advertising, travel-related expenses, direct customer acquisition costs, costs related to conferences and events, and broker commissions. We anticipate that sales and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue will fluctuate from period to period based on revenue for such period and the timing of the expansion of our sales and marketing functions, as these activities may vary in scope and scale over future periods. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of employee-related expenses and facilities for our executive, finance, accounting, legal, human resources, information technology and other administrative functions. General and administrative expense also includes fees for professional services, such as external legal, accounting, and information and technology services, and insurance. 
 In addition, general and administrative expense includes research and development expenses incurred to develop and improve our future products and processes, which primarily consist of employee and facilities-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, as well as fees for professional services, costs related to prototype tooling and materials, and software platform costs. Research and development expense was 3.3 million and 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and 11.8 million and 8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We continue to expect our general and administrative expenses, including our research and development expenses and external legal and accounting expenses, to normalize as we continue to manage our investments to support our growth and develop new and enhance existing products. We anticipate that general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue will vary from period to period, but we expect to leverage these expenses over time as we grow our revenue. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets primarily consists of amortization of identified finite-lived customer relationships, distributor relationships, non-compete arrangements and trademark assets that were allocated a considerable portion of the purchase price from the corporate reorganization and acquisition of our Company in 2017, as well as the July 2021 acquisition of Apption Labs Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Apption Labs") pursuant to a share purchase agreement (the "Share Purchase Agreement"). These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over 2.5 to 25 year useful lives and, as a result, amortization expense on these assets is expected to remain stable over the coming years. Future business acquisitions may result in incremental amortization of intangible assets acquired in any such transactions. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 The fair values of our contingent consideration earn out obligation associated with the Apption Labs business combination is estimated based on probability adjusted present values of the consideration expected to be transferred using significant inputs. At each reporting date, we revalue the contingent consideration obligation to its fair value and records increases and decreases in fair value in the general and administrative expenses in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligation results from changes in discount periods and rates, and changes in probability assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achieving the performance targets in the Share Purchase Agreement. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Total Other Expense 
 Total other expense consists of interest expense and other income (expense), net. Interest expense includes interest and other fees associated with our Credit Facilities, Receivables Financing Agreement (each as defined below) as well as the amortization of amounts recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income prior to the dedesignation of the interest rate swap derivative contracts as a cash flow hedge. Other income (expense), net consists of any realized and unrealized gains (losses) from our interest rate swap derivative contract subsequent to the dedesignation of the swap contract from a cash flow hedge, foreign currency realized and unrealized gains and losses resulting from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the U.S. Dollar and from the foreign currency contracts that we use to manage our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our purchases and international operations. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables summarize key components of our unaudited results of operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands). The period-to-period comparisons of our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Revenue 122,050 117,730 4,320 3.7 435,435 442,403 (6,968) (1.6) Cost of revenue 70,362 73,064 (2,702) (3.7) 248,856 278,983 (30,127) (10.8) Gross profit 51,688 44,666 7,022 15.7 186,579 163,420 23,159 14.2 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 26,162 25,913 249 1.0 76,065 75,903 162 0.2 General and administrative 24,135 24,823 (688) (2.8) 86,764 103,873 (17,109) (16.5) Amortization of intangible assets 8,819 8,889 (70) (0.8) 26,456 26,666 (210) (0.8) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (2,300) 2,300 100.0 508 (508) (100.0) Restructuring costs 
 225 (225) (100.0) 225 (225) (100.0) Total operating expense 59,116 57,550 1,566 2.7 189,285 207,175 (17,890) (8.6) Loss from operations (7,428) (12,884) (5,456) (42.3) (2,706) (43,755) (41,049) (93.8) Other income (expense): Interest expense (8,534) (7,517) 1,017 13.5 (25,308) (23,408) 1,900 8.1 Other income (expense), net (3,964) 1,992 (5,956) (299.0) 993 8,020 (7,027) 87.6 Total other expense (12,498) (5,525) 6,973 126.2 (24,315) (15,388) 8,927 58.0 Loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes (19,926) (18,409) 1,517 8.2 (27,021) (59,143) (32,122) (54.3) Provision (benefit) for income taxes (137) 852 (989) (116.1) 29 1,214 (1,185) (97.6) Net loss (19,789) (19,261) 528 2.7 (27,050) (60,357) (33,307) (55.2) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Grills 74,931 56,573 18,358 32.5 Consumables 22,531 25,385 (2,854) (11.2) Accessories 24,588 35,772 (11,184) (31.3) Total Revenue 122,050 117,730 4,320 3.7 
 Revenue increased by 4.3 million, or 3.7 , to 122.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 117.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by higher sales of grills partially offset by lower sales from MEATER smart thermometers, lower consumables sales, and lower Traeger branded accessories sales. 
 Revenue from our grills increased by 18.4 million, or 32.5 , to 74.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 56.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by unit volume growth in excess of 80 partially offset by reduction in average selling price in excess of 20 . Higher unit volume was driven by effective promotional activity and strategic pricing action on select grills. The decrease in average selling price was primarily due to mix shift to lower priced grills, higher mix of direct import sales, and strategic pricing action on select grills. 
 Revenue from our consumables decreased by 2.9 million, or 11.2 , to 22.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 25.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by high-single digit reduction in wood pellet unit volume and high-double digit reduction in food consumables unit volume. Lower wood pellet and food consumables unit volume was due to seasonal ordering shifts. 
 Revenue from our accessories decreased by 11.2 million, or 31.3 , to 24.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 35.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by lower sales of MEATER smart thermometers and unit volume reductions in excess of 20 in Traeger branded accessories. 
 Gross Profit 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 51,688 44,666 7,022 15.7 Gross margin (Gross profit as a percentage of revenue) 42.3 37.9 
 Gross profit increased by 7.0 million, or 15.7 , to 51.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 44.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 42.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 37.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was driven primarily by favorability from freight, logistics, and other supply chain costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 26,162 25,913 249 1.0 As a percentage of revenue 21.4 22.0 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing expense increased by 0.2 million, or 1.0 , to 26.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 25.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing expense decreased to 21.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 22.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 24,135 24,823 (688) (2.8) As a percentage of revenue 19.8 21.1 
 General and administrative expense decreased by 0.7 million, or 2.8 , to 24.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 24.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expense decreased to 19.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 21.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (2,300) 2,300 100.0 As a percentage of revenue (2.0) 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration, attributable to the revalued earn out obligation associated with the Apption Labs business combination, increased by 2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to prior year period. The change in fair value was primarily driven by the change during each period in the likelihood of achieving the fiscal year 2023 performance targets. In April 2024, the Company paid the remaining 15.0 million of contingent consideration based on the achievement of certain earnings and product launch thresholds for fiscal year 2023. 
 Total Other Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Interest expense (8,534) (7,517) 1,017 13.5 Other income (expense), net 
 (3,964) 1,992 (5,956) 299.0 Total other expense 
 (12,498) (5,525) 6,973 126.2 As a percentage of revenue (10.2) (4.7) 
 Total other expense increased by 7.0 million, or 126.2 , to 12.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the unrealized losses from our interest rate swap as well as increased interest expense on our First Lien Term Loan Facility, partially offset by changes in realized and unrealized gains and losses from foreign currencies. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Grills 246,721 239,444 7,277 3.0 Consumables 88,621 90,330 (1,709) (1.9) Accessories 100,093 112,629 (12,536) (11.1) Total Revenue 435,435 442,403 (6,968) (1.6) 
 Revenue decreased by 7.0 million, or 1.6 , to 435.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 442.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by lower sales from our accessories and consumables, partially offset by higher grill sales. 
 Revenue from our grills increased by 7.3 million, or 3.0 , to 246.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 239.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by unit volume growth in excess of 20 partially offset by high-double digit reduction in average selling price. Higher unit volume was driven by effective promotional activity and strategic pricing action on select grills. The decrease in average selling price was primarily due to mix shift to lower priced grills, higher mix of direct import sales, and strategic pricing action on select grills. 
 Revenue from our consumables decreased by 1.7 million, or 1.9 , to 88.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 90.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by low-single digit reduction in wood pellet unit volume. 
 Revenue from our accessories decreased by 12.5 million, or 11.1 , to 100.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 112.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by lower sales of MEATER smart thermometers and low-double digit unit volume reduction in Traeger branded accessories. 
 Gross Profit 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 186,579 163,420 23,159 14.2 Gross margin (Gross profit as a percentage of revenue) 42.8 36.9 
 Gross profit increased by 23.2 million, or 14.2 , to 186.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 163.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 42.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 36.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was driven primarily by favorability from freight, logistics, and other supply chain costs, as well as favorability due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 76,065 75,903 162 0.2 As a percentage of revenue 17.5 17.2 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing expense increased by 0.2 million, or 0.2 , to 76.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 75.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing expense increased to 17.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 17.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 86,764 103,873 (17,109) (16.5) As a percentage of revenue 19.9 23.5 
 General and administrative expense decreased by 17.1 million, or 16.5 , to 86.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 103.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expense decreased to 19.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 23.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in general and administrative expense was driven by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 23.4 million primarily due to the cancellation of the unearned CEO PSUs and IPO PSUs as well as losses on the disposal of property, plant and equipment in the comparable prior year period, partially offset by increased employee and occupancy costs. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 508 (508) (100.0) As a percentage of revenue 0.1 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration, attributable to the revalued earn out obligation associated with the Apption Labs business combination, decreased by 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to prior year period. The change in fair value was primarily driven by the change during each period in the likelihood of achieving the fiscal year 2023 performance targets. In April 2024, the Company paid the remaining 15.0 million of contingent consideration based on the achievement of certain earnings and product launch thresholds for fiscal year 2023. 
 Total Other Expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) Interest expense (25,308) (23,408) 1,900 8.1 Other income, net 
 993 8,020 (7,027) 87.6 Total other expense 
 (24,315) (15,388) 8,927 58.0 As a percentage of revenue (5.6) (3.5) 
 Total other expense increased by 8.9 million, or 58.0 , to 24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to unrealized losses from our interest rate swap as well as increased interest expense on our First Lien Term Loan Facility, partially offset by changes in realized and unrealized gains and losses from our foreign currency contracts. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, our cash requirements have principally been for working capital purposes, capital expenditures, and debt service payments. We have funded our operations through cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand, and borrowings under our credit facilities and receivables financing agreement. In the event of failure of any of our financial institutions where 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our business and financial position. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 16.9 million, 125.0 million borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and 34.9 million borrowing capacity under our Receivables Financing Agreement (as defined below). As of September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding loan amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and had drawn down 12.0 million on the Receivables Financing Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal amount outstanding under our First Lien Term Loan Facility was 403.6 million. Based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, availability under our Revolving Credit Facility and Receivables Financing Agreement, and our anticipated cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months from the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. However, our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth and profitability, the timing and size of future acquisitions, and the timing of introductions of new products and investments in our supply chain and implementation of technologies. 
 We may from time to time seek to raise additional equity or debt financing to support our growth or in connection with the acquisition of complementary businesses. Any equity financing we may undertake could be dilutive to our existing stockholders, and any additional debt financing we may undertake could require debt service and financial and operational requirements that could adversely affect our business. There is no assurance we would be able to obtain future financing on acceptable terms or at all. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth cash flow data for the periods indicated therein (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 16,416 44,359 Net cash used in investing activities (10,233) (13,126) Net cash used in financing activities (19,232) (71,508) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (13,049) (40,275) 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows related to operating activities are dependent on net loss, non-cash adjustments to net loss, and changes in working capital. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily due to an increase in net cash used for working capital, partially offset by a decrease in net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, as compared to the prior year period. The increase in cash used for working capital was primarily due to a decrease in the change in accounts receivable in the current period, primarily driven by the collections of large trade receivable balances in the prior year period that were outstanding at the beginning of the prior year period, partially offset by a decrease in the change in inventory balances in the current period as a result of strategic inventory management in the prior year period to reduce the high inventory levels at the beginning of the prior year period. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related the prior year construction costs for our new corporate headquarters, partially offset by proceeds received from the prior year sale of property, plant, and equipment. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the decrease in net borrowing on our Revolving Credit Facility, and payment in the prior year period associated with the acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facilities 
 On June 29, 2021, we refinanced our existing credit facilities and entered into a new first lien credit agreement, as borrower, with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and other lenders party thereto as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (the "First Lien Credit Agreement"). The First Lien Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility (the "First Lien Term Loan Facility") and a revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the First Lien Term Loan Facility, the "Credit Facilities"). We entered into an agency transfer agreement on April 30, 2024, pursuant to which Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. succeeded Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Credit Facilities. Our obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement are substantively unchanged. 
 First Lien Credit Agreement 
 The First Lien Credit Agreement provides for a 560.0 million First Lien Term Loan Facility (including a 50.0 million delayed draw term loan) and a 125.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The First Lien Term Loan Facility accrues interest at a rate per annum that considers both fixed and floating components. The fixed component ranges from 3.00 to 3.25 per annum based on our Public Debt Rating (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement). The floating component is based on the Term SOFR (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) for the relevant interest period. The First Lien Term Loan Facility requires periodic principal payments from December 2021 through June 2028, with any remaining unpaid principal and any accrued and unpaid interest due on the maturity date of June 29, 2028. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal amount outstanding on the First Lien Term Loan Facility was 403.6 million. 
 Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate per annum that considers both fixed and floating components. The fixed component ranges from 2.75 to 3.25 per annum based on our most recently determined First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement). The floating component is based on the Term SOFR for the relevant interest period. The Revolving Credit Facility also has a variable commitment fee, which is based on our most recently determined First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and ranges from 0.25 to 0.50 per annum on undrawn amounts. Letters of credit may be issued under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed 15.0 million which, when issued, lower the overall borrowing capacity of the facility. The Revolving Credit Facility expires on June 29, 2026 and no principal payments are due before such date. As of September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding loan amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Except as noted below, the Credit Facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of TGP Holdings III LLC, TGPX Holdings II LLC, Traeger Pellet Grills Holdings LLC and certain subsidiaries of Traeger Pellet Grills Holdings LLC, including intellectual property, mortgages and the equity interest of each of these respective entities. The assets of Traeger SPE LLC, substantively consisting of our accounts receivable, collateralize the receivables financing agreement discussed below and do not collateralize the Credit Facilities. There are no guarantees from parent entities above Traeger, Inc. 
 The First Lien Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or liens (with certain exceptions), make certain investments, engage in fundamental changes or transactions including changes of control, transfer or dispose of certain assets, make restricted payments (including dividends), engage in new lines of business, make certain prepayments and engage in certain affiliate transactions. In addition, we are subject to a financial covenant whereby we are required to maintain a First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) not to exceed 6.20 to 1.00. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Facilities. 
 Accounts Receivable Credit Facility 
 On November 2, 2020, we entered into a receivables financing agreement (as amended, the Receivables Financing Agreement ). Through the Receivables Financing Agreement, we participate in a trade receivables securitization program, administered on our behalf by MUFG Bank Ltd. ("MUFG"), using outstanding accounts receivables balances as collateral, which have been contributed by us to our wholly owned subsidiary, Traeger SPE LLC (the "SPE"). While we provide operational services to the SPE, the receivables are owned by the SPE once contributed to it by us. We are the primary beneficiary and hold all equity interests of the SPE, thus we consolidate the SPE without any significant judgments. 
 On November 8, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 9 to the Receivables Financing Agreement in order to extend the expiration of the facility by one year to June 27, 2025. As part of the amendment, the maximum borrowing capacity was decreased from 100.0 million to 75.0 million and allows for seasonal adjustments, at our discretion (with consent of the lenders under the Receivables Financing Agreement), to change the capacity anywhere between 30.0 million and 75.0. million. We are required to pay fixed interest on outstanding cash advances of 2.5 , a floating interest based on the CP Rate (as 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 defined in the Receivables Financing Agreement), and an unused capacity charge that ranges from 0.25 to 0.5 . Amendment No. 9 also implemented a new liquidity threshold at 42.5 million of liquidity. If our liquidity falls below this threshold, it may result in an increase in the required level of reserves, which would result in a reduction of our borrowing base under the Receivables Financing Agreement during such a liquidity shortfall. 
 On August 6, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 10 to the Receivables Financing Agreement in order to extend the expiration of the facility to August 6, 2027. As part of the amendment, we are required to pay an upfront fee for the facility, along with a fixed interest rate on outstanding cash advances of approximately 2.6 and a floating interest rate based on the CP Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR (each as defined in the Receivables Financing Agreement). We were in compliance with the covenants under the Receivables Financing Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had drawn down 12.0 million under this facility for general corporate and working capital purposes. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K . Refer to the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our debt and operating lease obligations, respectively. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described under the heading "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K , the notes to the consolidated financial statements included therein and Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, except as indicated below, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes to our disclosures regarding our exposure to market risk as described in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk of our Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are from time to time subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and governmental inspections, audits, or investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters would not be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. For more information, see Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 None. 
 (b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 
 None. 
 (c) Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 Date 
 Number 
 Filed/Furnished 
 Herewith 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Traeger, Inc. 
 8-K 
 08/03/21 
 3.1 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Traeger, Inc., dated June 12, 2024. 
 8-K 
 06/17/24 
 3.1 
 3.3 Bylaws of Traeger, Inc. 
 8-K 
 08/03/21 
 3.2 
 4.1 Stockholders Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and among Traeger, Inc. and the Stockholders party thereto. 
 8-K 
 08/03/21 
 10.2 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement, dated April 30, 2024, by and among Traeger, Inc. and the Stockholders party thereto. 
 10-Q 08/07/24 
 4.1 10.1 Form of 2024 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 10-Q 08/07/24 
 10.2 10.2 Amendment No. 10 to the Receivables Financing Agreement, by and among Traeger SPE LLC, MUFG Bank, Ltd., Traeger Pellet Grills LLC and the lenders party thereto, dated August 6, 2024. 
 10-Q 08/07/24 
 10.3 31.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 TRAEGER, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Jeremy Andrus Name: Jeremy Andrus Title: Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Dominic Blosil Name: Dominic Blosil Title: Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q3-24exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeremy Andrus, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Traeger, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Jeremy Andrus Jeremy Andrus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q3-24exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Dominic Blosil, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Traeger, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Dominic Blosil Dominic Blosil Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q3-24exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Traeger, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeremy Andrus, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Jeremy Andrus Jeremy Andrus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q3-24exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Traeger, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dominic Blosil, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Dominic Blosil Dominic Blosil Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tra-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tra-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tra-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tra-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tra-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

