<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1889123_0001213900-24-096828.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4475403</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1037899</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>830701</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1150481</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1273874</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096828.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112163021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096828
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889123
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				862170416
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41168
		FILM NUMBER:		241448869

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH ST., ,SUITE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-701-9555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH ST., ,SUITE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Emerald ESG Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096828.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219893-10q_ftac.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Capital Market Capital Market 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November
12, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock, .0001 par value, and 0 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001
par value, issued and outstanding. 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Interim Financial Statement s 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 27 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 27 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 28 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 29 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities,
Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Excise tax payable 

Promissory note, net of discount 

Related party loans 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred advisory fee 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and issued and outstanding shares at a redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (net of 4,757,884 and 15,630,150 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Interest expense 

Non-redemption agreement expense 

Total other income, net 

(Loss) Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per common stock, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Contribution from the Sponsor 

Discount on note payable related to subscription shares 

Excise taxes on stock redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Discount on note payable related to subscription shares 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of September
 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax on stock redemption 

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

Contribution for non-redemption agreements 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income earned on investments held in trust account 

Non-redemption agreement expense 

Interest expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Due to related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Excise tax on stock redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being
offered, the public shares at per Unit, which is discussed in Note 3, and the sale of placement units (the
 Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, which is
discussed in Note 4 Private Placement ). 

The underwriter of the Company s IPO subsequently
provided notice of its election to partially exercise its over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units (the Over-Allotment Option Units occurred on January 14, 2022. A total aggregate issuance by the Company of 
Over-Allotment Option Units at a price of per Over-Allotment Option Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of to the
Company. 

Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the
Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional Private Placement Units (the Additional
Private Placement Units at a price of per Additional Private Placement Unit to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of
 . 

Transaction costs related to the IPO and over-allotment
amounted to , consisting of of underwriting commissions, in deferred underwriting fees, and 
of other offering costs. 

The Company must complete one or more Business
Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s
signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete an initial
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will
be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Public Offering,
the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Units, a total of per Unit)
was initially placed in a Trust Account Trust Account ). The proceeds are invested only in U.S. government securities with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except for any interest income released to the Company to pay franchise and
income taxes and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust
Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the
Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination by December 20, 2024 (the Completion Window or (iii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption
of the public shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public stockholders. 

On September 19, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved (A) an amendment (the Charter
Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
has to consummate its initial business combination from September 20, 2023 to January 19, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Company s Board of Directors); and (B) an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Company s Investment Management
Trust Agreement dated December 15, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (the Trust Agreement ),
to allow the trustee to liquidate the Trust Account established in connection with the IPO at such time as may be determined by the Company
as set forth in the Charter Amendment. In connection with the Meeting the holders of shares of redeemable Class A common stock
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately . Following the redemptions, shares of redeemable Class A common stock remained outstanding. 

5 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company s
initial business combination Investor Shares ). 

On January 19, 2024, the Company held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the January Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved (A) an amendment (the
 January Charter Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the
date by which the Company has to consummate its initial business combination from January 19, 2024 to December 20, 2024 (or such earlier
date as determined by the Company s Board of Directors); and (B) an amendment (the January Trust Amendment to the
Trust Agreement to allow the trustee to liquidate the Trust Account established in connection with the IPO at such time as may be determined
by the Company as set forth in the January Charter Amendment. In connection with the January Meeting the holders of shares
of redeemable Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following the redemptions, shares of redeemable
Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

Between January 9 and 17, 2024, the Company entered
into non-redemption agreements with unaffiliated third parties in exchange for each such party agreeing not to redeem public shares in
connection with the January Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem public shares, the Company has agreed to
issue or cause to be issued an aggregate of Investor Shares. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will not utilize any
funds from the Trust Account to pay any potential excise taxes that may become due pursuant to the IR Act (as defined below) upon a redemption
of public shares, including in connection with the January Charter Amendment, an initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company s securities
were transferred to the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business. 

On July 24, 2024, the Company and Fold, Inc. Fold announced that they have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and
among the Company, EMLD Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Fold, pursuant to which,
among other things, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Fold with Fold surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(the Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions (Note 6). 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in cash and a working capital deficit of . Prior to the completion of the Company s IPO, the Company s liquidity
needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of and a loan to the Company of up to by the
Company s Sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. The outstanding balance under the promissory note of was repaid
on December 27, 2021, and the promissory note was terminated. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes the initial Business Combination, the Company expects to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to it. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned
amounts. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of Working Capital Loans were outstanding, respectively. 

On January 13, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and all outstanding amounts
under the Promissory Note will be due on the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Promissory Note; however,
no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If such funds are insufficient to repay the Promissory Note, the unpaid
amounts would be forgiven. No portion of the amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note may be converted into units at a price of
 per unit, which would have been permissible as described in the prospectus filed in connection with the IPO. On October 16, 2023,
the Company and the Lender amended the Promissory Note to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Promissory Note from 
to . All other material terms of the Promissory Note remain in full force and effect. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there was and outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. 

The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Initial Stockholders or its officers,
directors or their affiliates. The Initial Stockholders and the Company s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet
the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is
unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not
necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The
Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In connection
with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the Company has until December 20, 2024 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will
be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory
liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends to consummate a Business Combination prior to December 20, 2024. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 20, 2024. 

6 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

to ESG Funding (the Capital Contribution ).
An initial capital call of took place within five (5) business days of the signing of the Subscription Agreement, and a second
capital call of took place on April 2, 2024. 

The Capital Contribution shall be repaid to Polar
by ESG Funding upon the Company s closing of an initial business combination (the Closing ). In consideration of the
Capital Contribution, the Company has agreed to issue, or to cause the surviving entity following the Closing (the Surviving Company to issue, share of common stock of the Surviving Company Common Stock for each dollar of the Capital Contribution
funded as of or prior to the Closing, which shares shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn
outs, or other contingencies and shall be registered as part of any registration statement to be filed in connection with the Closing
or, if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the Closing, pursuant to the first registration statement to be filed
by the Company or the Surviving Company following the Closing. The Capital Contribution is non-interest bearing and shall be
repaid by ESG Funding (upon receipt of funds from the Company) to, and at the election of, Polar (i) in Common Stock, at a rate
of share of Common Stock for each ten dollars of the Capital Contribution funded as of the Closing or (ii) in cash. 

If the Company liquidates without consummating
an initial business combination, any amounts remaining in the Sponsors or the Company s cash accounts, not including the
Company s Trust Account, following repayment of all liabilities and wind-down expenses, will be paid promptly to Polar, up to the
amount of the Capital Contribution funded. Upon certain events of default under the Subscription Agreement, the Company shall issue to
Polar shares of Common Stock Default Shares for each dollar of the Capital Contribution funded as of the date of such
default, and for each month thereafter until such default is cured, subject to certain limitations provided for therein. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 and 0 was outstanding on the promissory note, gross of the discount, under the subscription agreement, respectively. 

7 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and in cash, respectively. The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity
of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. 

and in investments held in the Trust Account invested in BLF Treasury Trust Fund. Net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units were placed in the Trust Account which will
only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

shares of its Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share, since their exercise
is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock is the same as basic net (loss) income
per share of common stock. The redemption feature for the common shares equals fair value, and therefore does not create a different class
of shares or require an adjustment to the earnings per share calculation. The redemption at fair value does not represent an economic
benefit to the holders that is different from what is received by other stockholders, because the shares could be sold on the open market.
Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates
the fair value. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net (loss)
income per share for each class of common stock: 

8 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) and ) 
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to changes in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and merger and
acquisition expenses. 

9 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition. 

10 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

shares for
a total of . On January 19, 2024, in connection with the approval of the January Charter Amendment at the January Meeting,
the Company s stockholders exercised their right to redeem shares for a total of . The Company evaluated
the classification and accounting of the stock redemptions under ASC 450, Contingencies . ASC 450 states that when a loss
contingency exists the likelihood that the future event(s) will confirm the loss or impairment of an asset, or the incurrence of a liability
can range from probable to remote. A contingent liability must be reviewed at each reporting period to determine appropriate treatment.
The Company evaluated the current status and probability of completing a Business Combination as of September 30, 2024, and concluded
that it is probable that a contingent liability should be recorded. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded of excise
tax liability calculated as of shares redeemed on September 19, 2023 and of the shares redeemed on January 19, 2024. 

related to the share redemptions that occurred during the period from January
1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. On January 11, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment
option, resulting in the sale on January 14, 2022 of an additional Units. 

All the shares of Class A common stock sold as
part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the
Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity, and with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified
in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be
classified outside of permanent deficit. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Less: 

Redemption of shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemption of shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

11 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Private Placement Units for a purchase price of , or per unit,
in a private placement. Additionally, concurrently with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, the Company
issued to the Sponsor Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit for total proceeds of . Each
Private Placement Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one-half of Warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the
holder thereof to purchase share of Class A common stock for , subject to adjustment. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the warrants sold in the Public Offering, except that if held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, they (including the common
stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the
holders until 30 days after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Founder Shares (defined below), placement shares or warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company does not
complete an initial Business Combination. 

shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of , and on October 14, 2021, the Company effected a 
stock split, so that the Sponsor owned an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). On
November 12, 2021, the Company effected a stock split, so that the Sponsor owned an aggregate of Founder Shares.
All shares and related amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the split (see Note 7). The number of Founder Shares outstanding
was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of Units if the underwriter s
over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent of the outstanding shares after
the Public Offering. In connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, shares of Class
B common stock were forfeited. On September 19, 2023, the Company held the Meeting where the Company s stockholders approved an
amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate its initial business combination from September 20, 2023 to January
19, 2024. Following the Meeting, the Sponsor, as the holder of of the Founder Shares, determined to convert all the outstanding Founder
Shares into shares of Class A common stock, on a one-for-one basis. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the transfer restrictions
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence shall terminate upon the date following the initial Business Combination on which the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject
to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in connection with an initial Business Combination, the initial holders may transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares with the Company s
consent to any person or entity that agrees in writing to be bound by the transfer restrictions set forth above. 

12 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were
due at the earlier of June 30, 2022 or the closing of the Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the promissory note of 
was repaid on December 27, 2021, and the promissory note was terminated and is no longer available to be drawn upon. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under the promissory note. 

On January 13, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to (the Promissory Note ). The note is non-interest bearing and all outstanding amounts under the
Promissory Note will be due on the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a
Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Promissory Note; however,
no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If such funds are insufficient to repay the Promissory Note, the unpaid
amounts would be forgiven. No portion of the amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note may be converted into units at a price of 
per unit, which would have been permissible as described in the prospectus filed in connection with the IPO. On October 16, 2023, the
Company and the Lender amended the Promissory Note to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Promissory Note from to
 . All other material terms of the Promissory Note remain in full force and effect. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there was and outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company has entered into an administrative
services agreement as of the effective date of the registration statement for the Public Offering pursuant to which the Company will pay
the Sponsor or its designee a total of per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Upon
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company incurred and for the administrative support services,
respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, for
the administrative support services. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of administrative support services
was included in due to related party in the accompanying condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

13 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Company may amend the terms
of the Public Warrants (i) in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least of the then outstanding Public
Warrants approve of such amendment or (ii) to the extent necessary for the warrants in the good faith determination of the board of directors
of the Company (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to continue to be classified as equity
in the Company s condensed financial statements without the consent of any stockholder or warrant holder. Although the Company s
ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of
a warrant. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter earned a cash underwriting discount
of two percent of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment, or . Additionally, the
underwriter was initially entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds, or , of the Public Offering
and exercise of the over-allotment upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. On October 18, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter waived any entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting
discount in respect of any Business Combination. As a result, the Company recorded to additional paid-in capital in relation
to the waiver of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

Financial Advisory Fee 

The Company engaged Cohen Company Capital
Markets, a related party and a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), to provide financial advisory services in
connection with the Public Offering. The Company paid CCM a fee in an amount equal to of the aggregate proceeds of the Public Offering
(excluding the proceeds of the exercise of the over-allotment option) net of underwriter s expenses, which was paid to CCM upon
the closing of the Public Offering. 

The Company also intends to engage CCM as an advisor
in connection with the Business Combination for which it will earn an advisory fee of of the proceeds of the Public Offering (excluding
the proceeds of the exercise of the over-allotment option) payable at closing of the Business Combination. 

CCM will also be entitled to an advisory fee equal
to of the aggregate proceeds of the exercise of the over-allotment option, payable at the closing of the Business Combination.
The underwriter had agreed to reimburse the Company for the fee to CCM as it becomes payable out of the underwriting commission. Accordingly,
a reimbursement receivable and deferred advisory fee of had been recorded. On October 18, 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter waived any entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting discount in respect
of any Business Combination. As a result, the Company reversed the reimbursement receivable and recognized of advisory fee
expenses as of December 31, 2023. 

14 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Class A Shares at the time of the Company s initial
business combination Investor Shares ). In addition, the Company has agreed that it will not utilize any funds from the
Trust Account to pay any potential excise taxes that may become due pursuant to the IR Act upon a redemption of public shares, including
in connection with the Charter Amendment, an initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. The Company evaluated the classification
and accounting of the issuance of the Investor Shares under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity . The Company concluded that the monetary value of the obligation is a known and fixed amount at inception as the monetary
value of the obligation will be defined and provided to each investor with the final number of Investor Shares stated in the non-redemption
agreements. Therefore, the settlement terms of the non-redemption agreement (i.e., number of shares held by the holder) is considered
an input into a fixed-for-fixed contract and the shares issued will be recorded in equity. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value
of the Investor Shares attributable to the non-redeeming shareholders to be or per share. The fair value of the
Investor Shares was recorded as an expense with a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. The fair value was determined based
on an application of a binomial/lattice model which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Asset Price 

On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into
non-redemption agreements with unaffiliated third parties in exchange for each such party agreeing not to redeem public shares in connection
with the January Meeting that was held on January 19, 2024. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem public shares, the
Company has agreed to issue or cause to be issued an aggregate of Investor Shares. In addition, the Company has agreed that
it will not utilize any funds from the Trust Account to pay any potential excise taxes that may become due pursuant to the IR Act upon
a redemption of public shares, including in connection with the January Charter Amendment, an initial business combination or liquidation
of the Company. The Company evaluated the classification and accounting of the issuance of the Investor Shares under ASC 815-40, Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company concluded that the monetary value of the obligation is
a known and fixed amount at inception as the monetary value of the obligation will be defined and provided to each investor with the final
number of Investor Shares stated in the non-redemption agreements. Therefore, the settlement terms of the non-redemption agreement (i.e.,
number of shares held by the holder) is considered an input into a fixed-for-fixed contract and the shares issued will be recorded in
equity. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Investor Shares attributable to the non-redeeming shareholders
to be or per share. The fair value of the Investor Shares was recorded as an expense with a corresponding credit to additional
paid-in capital. The fair value was determined using the standard closed-form Black Scholes model which is considered to be a Level 3
fair value measurement. 

Term (in years) 

Probability of de-SPAC 

Exercise price 

Public Warrant Price 

15 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and were outstanding under the promissory note
of the subscription agreement, respectively. 

On April 2, 2024 and January 2, 2024, Polar contributed
a Capital Contribution and a Capital Contribution, respectively, pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. 

Principal value of promissory note April 2, 2024 

Debt discount, net of amortization 

Promissory note, net of discount 

Merger Agreement 

On July 24, 2024, the Company and Fold, Inc. announced
that they have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, EMLD Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and Fold, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Fold with Fold surviving the
merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

As a result of the Transactions, Fold will become
a subsidiary of the Company, with the former stockholders of Fold becoming stockholders of the Company. 

Consideration 

The aggregate consideration to be paid in the
Transactions will consist of shares of the Company s Class A common stock based on Fold s pre-money equity value of million.
In the event the 60-volume weighted average price of Bitcoin as of the day immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (the Closing is greater than , the aggregated consideration to be paid in the Transactions will be increased by of the increase in value
of the amount of Bitcoin in Fold s treasury as of July 24, 2024, up to a maximum of million. There are no other adjustments
to the consideration amount contemplated in the Merger Agreement. 

For a description of the Business Combination
and certain agreements executed in connection therewith, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 24, 2024. 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

16 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to . Following the Meeting on September 19, 2023, the Sponsor determined to convert all the outstanding shares of Class B common stock
into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis (the Class B Conversion ). Notwithstanding the Class B Conversion,
the Sponsor, as well as the Company s officers and directors, will not be entitled to receive any funds held in the Trust Account
with respect to any shares of Class A common stock issued to such holders as a result of the Class B Conversion, and no additional amounts
will be deposited into the Trust Account in respect of shares of Class A common stock held by the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, of which
 shares and shares are subject to possible redemption, respectively, and thus classified as temporary equity. 

Class B Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to . Holders of Class B common stock will vote on the election of directors prior to the consummation of a Business Combination.
Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders except as required by law. Following the Meeting on September 19, 2023, the Sponsor determined to convert all of the outstanding
shares of Class B common stock to shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were no shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. shares were subject to forfeiture as of December
31, 2021 to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full so that the Founder Shares will represent,
on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The underwriter subsequently
provided notice of its election to partially exercise its over-allotment option, and the closing of the sale of the additional Units occurred
on January 14, 2022. As a result of the underwriter exercising its over-allotment option in part, the Company s initial holders
forfeited Founder Shares. 

Warrants 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued and outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described herein,
at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

17 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed
in the Trust Account. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise for cash of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is
then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations described below with respect
to registration. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from
the registration or qualification requirements of the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants has not been declared effective by the end of 60 business days following the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. In addition to the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder
would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the
trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Redemption of warrants 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the -day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the last sale price of the Class A common stock (or the closing bid price of the Class A common stock in the event
the shares of Class A common stock are not traded on any specific trading day) equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and the like) for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third
trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

18 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Liability: 

Promissory Note, net of discount 

Liability: 

Note payable, net of discount 

Promissory note 

The note payable was valued using the standard
closed-form Black Scholes model which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Term (in years) 

Probability of de-SPAC 

Exercise price 

Public Warrant Price 

Discount on promissory note, net of amortization 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and
3 during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

. The October Note is non-interest
bearing and all outstanding amounts under the October Note will be due on the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination.
If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to
repay the October Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If such funds are insufficient to
repay the October Note, the unpaid amounts would be forgiven. No portion of the amounts outstanding under the October Note may be converted
into units or shares. On October 25, 2024, the Company borrowed under the October Note. 

On October 31, 2024, the Company issued a promissory
note (the Tax Note to Frontier. Pursuant to the Tax Note, Frontier agreed to loan the Company an aggregate principal amount
of , which was used to satisfy the Company s excise tax liability. The Tax Note is non-interest bearing and all outstanding
amounts under the Tax Note will be due on the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Tax Note; however, no
proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If such funds are insufficient to repay the Tax Note, the unpaid amounts
would be forgiven. No portion of the amounts outstanding under the Tax Note may be converted into units or shares. On October 31, 2024,
the Company borrowed the full amount under the Tax Note. 

19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (this Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. References to
our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer collectively to Emerald ESG Sponsor, LLC and Emerald ESG Advisors, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , the Company s financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such
as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can
be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on February 19, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial
public offering, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On September 19, 2023, we held a special meeting
of our stockholders (the Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved (A) an amendment (the Charter
Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
has to consummate its initial business combination from September 20, 2023 to January 19, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Company s Board of Directors); and (B) an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Company s Investment Management
Trust Agreement dated December 15, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (the Trust Agreement ),
to allow the trustee to liquidate the Trust Account at such time as may be determined by the Company as set forth in the Charter Amendment.
In connection with the Meeting the holders of 9,239,192 shares of redeemable Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their
shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.4762 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 96,791,644.
Following the redemptions, 15,630,150 shares of redeemable Class A common stock remained outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, we recorded
 2,122,813 of excise tax liability calculated as 1 of the shares redeemed on September 19, 2023 and January 19, 2024. 

20 

Between September 7 and 15, 2023, we entered into
non-redemption agreements with unaffiliated third parties in exchange for each such party agreeing not to redeem public shares in connection
with the Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem public shares, the Company has agreed to issue or cause to be
issued an aggregate of 1,610,000 Class A Shares at the time of the Company s initial business combination. In addition, the Company
has agreed that it will not utilize any funds from the Trust Account to pay any potential excise taxes that may become due pursuant to
the IR Act upon a redemption of public shares, including in connection with the Charter Amendment, an initial business combination or
liquidation of the Company. 

Following the Meeting on September 19, 2023, the
Sponsor determined to convert all the outstanding shares of Class B common stock to shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis
(the Class B Conversion ). Notwithstanding the Class B Conversion, the Sponsor, as well as the Company s officers and
directors, will not be entitled to receive any funds held in the Trust Account with respect to any shares of Class A common stock issued
to such holders as a result of the Class B Conversion, and no additional amounts will be deposited into the Trust Account in respect of
shares of Class A common stock held by the Sponsor. 

On January 19, 2024, we held a special meeting
of our stockholders (the January Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved (A) an amendment (the January
Charter Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which
the Company has to consummate its initial business combination from January 19, 2024 to December 20, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined
by the Company s Board of Directors); and (B) an amendment (the January Trust Amendment to the Trust Agreement to
allow the trustee to liquidate the Trust Account at such time as may be determined by the Company as set forth in the January Charter
Amendment. In connection with the January Meeting the holders of 10,872,266 shares of redeemable Class A common stock exercised their
right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.6224 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of
approximately 115,489,643. Following the redemptions, 4,757,884 shares of redeemable Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

On January 17, 2024, we entered into non-redemption
agreements with unaffiliated third parties in exchange for each such party agreeing not to redeem public shares in connection with the
January Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem public shares, we agreed to issue or cause to be issued an aggregate
of 1,112,500 Class A Shares at the time of our initial business combination. 

On July 24, 2024, the Company and Fold, Inc. Fold announced that they have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, EMLD
Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Fold, pursuant to which, among other things,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into Fold with Fold surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger 
and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations (other
than searching for a Business Combination after the Public Offering) nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception
through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Public Offering, described below, and, after
the Public Offering, identifying a target company for an initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
on the marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 309,776, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 801,420, interest expense of 128,012 and provision
for income tax of 49,092, offset by interest income earned on investments held in Trust Account of 668,748. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 1,357,625, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 2,154,179, interest expense of 323,197, provision
for income tax of 395,119 and non-redemption agreement expense of 838,825, offset by interest income earned on investments held in Trust
Account of 2,353,695. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 1,206,590, which consisted of interest income earned on investments held in Trust Account of 3,278,712, offset
by formation and operating costs of 683,551, provision for income taxes of 680,171 and non-redemption agreement expense of 708,400. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 4,202,024, which consisted of interest income earned on investments held in Trust Account of 9,027,924, offset
by formation and operating costs of 2,250,994, non-redemption agreement expense of 708,400 and provision for income taxes of 1,866,506. 

21 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On December 20, 2021, we consummated the Public
Offering of 22,000,000 units generating gross proceeds of 220,000,000. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half
of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50
per share, subject to adjustment. On January 11, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option, resulting in the
sale on January 14, 2022 of an additional 2,869,342 units for total gross proceeds of 28,693,420. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of 890,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement
to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,900,000. On January 14, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option,
resulting in the sale of an additional 86,081 Private Placement Units to our Sponsor for total gross proceeds of 860,810, bringing the
total aggregate gross proceeds of the Private Placement to 9,760,810. 

We incurred 14,181,568 in IPO transaction costs,
including 4,973,868 of underwriting fees 660,000 of which was reimbursed to us to pay the advisory fee due to CCM), 8,704,270 of deferred
underwriting fees and 503,430 of other offering costs. 

Following the Public Offering, the partial exercise
of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Units, a total of 251,180,354 10.10 per Unit) was initially placed
in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a
Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 20,439 in cash
held outside of trust and a working capital deficit of 6,159,733. Prior to the completion of our Public Offering, our liquidity needs
had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of 25,000 and a loan to us of up to 300,000 by our Sponsor under
an unsecured promissory note which was repaid on December 31, 2021. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete the initial Business
Combination, we expect to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that the initial
Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. The Sponsor originally agreed to loan us up to an aggregate
principal amount of 1,500,000 under the Promissory Note. On October 16, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor amended the Promissory Note
to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Promissory Note from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000 (described in Note 5). At September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, 3,000,000 and 2,025,000 of such Working Capital Loans were outstanding, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, investments
and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 51,996,271. On September 19, 2023, we held the Meeting at which the Company s
stockholders approved (A) the Charter Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend
the date by which the Company has to consummate its initial business combination from September 20, 2023 to January 19, 2024 (or such
earlier date as determined by the Company s Board of Directors); and (B) the Trust Amendment to the Trust Agreement to allow the
trustee to liquidate the Trust Account at such time as may be determined by the Company as set forth in the Charter Amendment. In connection
with the Meeting the holders of 9,239,192 shares of redeemable Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash
at a redemption price of approximately 10.4762 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 96,791,644. On January
19, 2024, we held the January Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved (A) the January Charter Amendment to the Company s
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate its initial business
combination from January 19, 2024 to December 20, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the Company s Board of Directors);
and (B) the January Trust Amendment to the Trust Agreement to allow the trustee to liquidate the Trust Account at such time as may be
determined by the Company as set forth in the January Charter Amendment. In connection with the January Meeting the holders of 10,872,266
shares of redeemable Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 10.6224 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 115,489,643. Following the redemptions, 4,757,884 shares of redeemable
Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

22 

On January 3, 2024, we entered into a subscription
agreement with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund Polar ), Emerald ESG Sponsor LLC ESG Sponsor ), Emerald ESG
Advisors, LLC ESG Advisors and Emerald ESG Funding, LLC ESG Funding and collectively with ESG Sponsor and
ESG Advisors, the Sponsors ), to cover working capital requirements of the Company and costs related to a possible extension
of the Company s trust liquidation date (the Subscription Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Subscription Agreement, Polar agreed to contribute up to 550,000 to ESG Funding (the Capital Contribution ). An initial
capital call of 350,000 took place within five (5) business days of the signing of the Subscription Agreement, and a second capital call
of 200,000 took place on April 2, 2024. 

The Capital Contribution shall be repaid to Polar
by ESG Funding upon the Company s closing of an initial business combination (the Closing ). In consideration of the
Capital Contribution, the Company has agreed to issue, or to cause the surviving entity following the Closing (the Surviving Company to issue, 1.0 share of common stock of the Surviving Company Common Stock for each dollar of the Capital Contribution
funded as of or prior to the Closing, which shares shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn
outs, or other contingencies and shall be registered as part of any registration statement to be filed in connection with the Closing
or, if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the Closing, pursuant to the first registration statement to be filed
by the Company or the Surviving Company following the Closing. The Capital Contribution is non-interest bearing and shall be
repaid by ESG Funding (upon receipt of funds from the Company) to, and at the election of, Polar (i) in Common Stock, at a rate of
1.0 share of Common Stock for each ten dollars 10.00) of the Capital Contribution funded as of the Closing or (ii) in cash. 

If the Company liquidates without consummating
an initial business combination, any amounts remaining in the Sponsors or the Company s cash accounts, not including the
Company s trust account, following repayment of all liabilities and wind-down expenses, will be paid promptly to Polar, up to the
amount of the Capital Contribution funded. Upon certain events of default under the Subscription Agreement, the Company shall issue to
Polar 0.1 shares of Common Stock Default Shares for each dollar of the Capital Contribution funded as of the date of such
default, and for each month thereafter until such default is cured, subject to certain limitations provided for therein. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our Business Combination.
We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended September 30, 2024, we withdrew 520,930 of the interest income from the
Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the
operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to
obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number
of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in
connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not
have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our
Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

23 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
we have until December 20, 2024 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether we will be able to consummate a Business
Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. We have determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and
potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends to consummate
a Business Combination prior to December 20, 2024. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should
we be required to liquidate after December 20, 2024. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

Other than the below, we do not have any long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 

We entered into an administrative services agreement
pursuant to which we pay the Sponsor or its designee a monthly fee of 30,000 for office space, administrative and shared personnel support
services to the Company. We began incurring these fees on December 16, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier
of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 270,000
for the administrative support services. As of September 30, 2024, 556,452 of the administrative support fees are in accrued expenses
in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
units (including securities contained therein) and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (including securities
contained therein) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities
for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to the Class A common stock). The holders of these securities are
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial
Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 

We granted the underwriter of the Public Offering
a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,300,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On January 14, 2022, the underwriter purchased an additional 2,869,342 Units pursuant to the over-allotment
option. 

The underwriter earned a cash underwriting discount
of two percent (2 of the gross proceeds of the Units sold in the Public Offering and pursuant to the over-allotment option, or 4,973,868.
Additionally, the underwriter was entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Units sold in the
Public Offering and pursuant to the over-allotment option, or 8,704,270. The deferred underwriting discount was to become payable to
the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. On October 18, 2023, we entered into an agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter waived
any entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting discount in respect of any Business Combination. As a result, the Company recorded
 8,704,270 to additional paid-in capital in relation to the waiver of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying condensed balance
sheets. 

24 

We engaged Cohen Company Capital Markets,
a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), to provide financial advisory services in connection with the Public Offering.
We paid CCM a fee in an amount equal to 0.3 of the aggregate proceeds of the Public Offering (excluding the proceeds of the exercise
of the over-allotment option) net of underwriter s expenses, upon the closing of the Public Offering. We also intend to engage CCM
to act as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination for which it will earn an advisory fee of 0.525 of the proceeds of the
Public Offering (excluding the proceeds of the exercise of the over-allotment option) payable at closing of the Business Combination.
CCM will also be entitled to an advisory fee equal to 0.825 of the aggregate proceeds of the exercise of the over-allotment option, payable
at the closing of the Business Combination. The underwriter had agreed to reimburse us for the fee to CCM as it becomes payable out of
the underwriting commission. Accordingly, a reimbursement receivable and deferred advisory fee of 1,155,000 had been reflected in the
accompanying condensed balance sheets. On October 18, 2023, we entered into an agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter
waived any entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting discount in respect of any Business Combination. As a result, we reversed
the reimbursement receivable and recognized 1,155,000 of advisory fee expenses as of December 31, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of the condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements. 

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the condensed financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies and estimates: 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified
in temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock sold in the
IPO and over-allotment feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 4,757,884 and 15,630,150 shares of Class A common
stock are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our condensed balance
sheets, respectively. 

We recognize changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjust the carrying value of Class A common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period.
Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital
and accumulated deficit. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. 

25 

Net (Loss) Income Per Common Share 

We historically had two classes of shares, which
are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares.
Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates
fair value. We have not considered the effect of the warrants in the calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share, if any, since
their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock is the same as basic
net (loss) income per share of common stock. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On December 20, 2021, we consummated the Public
Offering of 22,000,000 Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 220,000,000.
Goldman Sachs Co. LLC served as the sole book-running manager for the Public Offering. The securities in the Public Offering were
registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-261254). The SEC declared the registration statement
effective on December 15, 2021. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public
Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 890,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of
 10.00 per unit, generating total proceeds of 8,900,000. Each placement unit consists of one placement share and one-half of one private
placement warrant to purchase one share of our Class A common stock exercisable at 11.50, subject to adjustment. The issuance was made
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

On January 11, 2022, the underwriter partially
exercised its over-allotment option, resulting in the sale of an additional 2,869,342 Units for gross proceeds of 28,693,420. In connection
with the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional 86,081
Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 860,810. The issuance of the
Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Public
Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Units, an aggregate of 251,180,354 was initially
placed in the Trust Account. In connection with the Meeting, the holders of 9,239,192 shares of redeemable Class A common stock exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.4762 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of approximately 96,791,644. In connection with the January Meeting, the holders of 10,872,266 shares of redeemable Class A common stock
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.6224 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 115,489,643. 

27 

We paid a total of 4,973,868 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 503,430 for other costs and expenses related to the Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter agreed
to defer 8,704,270 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which would be payable only upon consummation of an initial business combination.
On October 18, 2023, we entered into an agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter waived any entitlement it may have to
the deferred underwriting discount in respect of any business combination. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 24, 2024, by and among FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp., FTAC EMLD Merger Sub Inc. and Fold, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 25, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 25, 2024 made by FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. to the order of Frontier SPV, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 25, 2024) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 31, 2024 made by FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. to the order of Frontier SPV, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 4, 2024) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FTAC EMERALD ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

Name: 
 Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Doug Listman 

Name: 
 Doug Listman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021989301ex31-1_ftac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Bracebridge H. Young, Jr., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
12, 2024 

/s/ Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021989301ex31-2_ftac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Doug Listman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
12, 2024 

/s/ Doug Listman 

Doug Listman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021989301ex32-1_ftac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of FTAC
Emerald Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Bracebridge H. Young, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
12, 2024 

/s/ Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

Bracebridge H. Young, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021989301ex32-2_ftac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of FTAC
Emerald Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Doug Listman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
12, 2024 

/s/ Doug Listman 

Doug Listman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 emld-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 emld-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 emld-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 emld-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 emld-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

