<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1621563_0001628280-24-044485.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11920503</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1886175</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5164351</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2410033</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2017100</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044485.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031123454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044485
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Summit Materials, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001621563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				471984212
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36873
		FILM NUMBER:		241414065

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1550 WYNKOOP STREET, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-893-0012

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1550 WYNKOOP STREET, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044485.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 sum-20240928.htm
 10-Q

sum-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file numbers: 
 (Summit Materials, Inc.) 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 
 , 
 (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, the number of shares of Summit Materials, Inc. s outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share for each class, was and , respectively. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 Summit Materials, Inc. a Delaware Corporation ("Summit Inc." and, together with its subsidiaries, "Summit," "we," "us," "our" or "the Company"). 
 
 Summit Inc. was formed on September 23, 2014 to be a holding company. As of September 28, 2024, it held 100.0 of the economic interest and 100 of the voting rights of Summit Materials Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Summit Holdings ), which is the indirect parent of Summit Materials, LLC ("Summit LLC"). Summit LLC is a co-issuer of our outstanding 6 1 / 2 senior notes due 2027 2027 Notes ), our 5 1 / 4 senior notes due 2029 2029 Notes and our 7 1 / 4 senior notes due 2031 2031 Notes collectively with the 2027 Notes and 2029 Notes, the Senior Notes and borrower under our senior credit facilities. Summit Inc. controls all of the business and affairs of Summit Holdings and, in turn, Summit LLC. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, intends, trends, plans, estimates, projects or anticipates or similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans, expectations or intentions. All statements made relating to our estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be realized. Important factors could affect our results and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors in Summit Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 (the Annual Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the following: 
 
 our dependence on the construction industry and the strength of the local economies in which we operate, including residential; 
 the cyclical nature of our business; 
 risks related to weather and seasonality; 
 risks associated with our capital-intensive business; 
 competition within our local markets; 
 risks related to the integration of Argos USA and realization of intended benefits within the intended timeframe; 
 our ability to execute on our acquisition strategy and portfolio optimization strategy and, successfully integrate acquisitions with our existing operations; 
 our dependence on securing and permitting aggregate reserves in strategically located areas; 
 the impact of rising interest rates; 
 declines in public infrastructure construction and delays or reductions in governmental funding, including the funding by transportation authorities, the federal government and other state agencies particularly; 
 our reliance on private investment in infrastructure, which may be adversely affected by periods of economic stagnation and recession; 
 environmental, health, and safety laws or governmental requirements or policies concerning zoning and land use; 
 rising prices for, or more limited availability of, commodities, labor and other production and delivery inputs as a result of inflation, supply chain challenges or otherwise; 
 our ability to accurately estimate the overall risks, requirements or costs when we bid on or negotiate contracts that are ultimately awarded to us; 

material costs and losses as a result of claims that our products do not meet regulatory requirements or contractual specifications; 
 cancellation of a significant number of contracts or our disqualification from bidding for new contracts; 
 special hazards related to our operations that may cause personal injury or property damage not covered by insurance; 
 unexpected factors affecting self-insurance claims and reserve estimates; 
 our current level of indebtedness, including our exposure to variable interest rate risk; 
 potential incurrence of substantially more debt; 
 restrictive covenants in the instruments governing our debt obligations; 
 our dependence on senior management and other key personnel, and our ability to retain and attract qualified personnel; 
 supply constraints or significant price fluctuations in the coal, electricity, diesel fuel, natural gas, liquid asphalt and other petroleum based resources that we use; 
 climate change and climate change legislation or other regulations; 
 evolving corporate governance and corporate disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters; 
 unexpected operational failures or difficulties; 
 costs associated with pending and future litigation; 
 interruptions in our information technology systems and infrastructure, including cybersecurity and data leakage risks; 
 potential labor disputes, strikes, other forms of work stoppage or other union activities; and 
 material or adverse effects related to the Argos USA combination. 

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make herein speaks only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements for Summit Materials, Inc. 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and December 30, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 SIGNATURES 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 (unaudited) (audited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Inventories Other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization (September 28, 2024 - and December 30, 2023 - 
 Goodwill Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization (September 28, 2024 - and December 30, 2023 - 
 Deferred tax assets, less valuation allowance (September 28, 2024 - and December 30, 2023 - 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Current portion of debt Current portion of acquisition-related liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings Total current liabilities Long-term debt Acquisition-related liabilities Tax receivable agreement liability Deferred tax liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see note 12) per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest in Summit Holdings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenue: Product Service Net revenue Delivery and subcontract revenue Total revenue Cost of revenue (excluding items shown separately below): Product Service Net cost of revenue Delivery and subcontract cost Total cost of revenue General and administrative expenses Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion Transaction and integration costs Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) ) Operating income Interest expense Loss on debt financings Tax receivable agreement benefit ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of businesses ) Other income, net ) ) ) ) Income from operations before taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Summit Holdings ) Net income attributable to Summit Inc. Earnings per share of Class A common stock: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of Class A common stock: Basic Diluted 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Less tax effect of other comprehensive (loss) income items ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Less comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Summit Holdings ) Comprehensive income attributable to Summit Inc. 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion Share-based compensation expense Net gain on asset and business disposals ) ) Non-cash loss on debt financings Change in deferred tax asset, net Other ) Decrease (increase) in operating assets, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) ) Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings ) ) Other current assets Other assets (Decrease) increase in operating liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings Tax receivable agreement (benefit) expense ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Purchase of intellectual property ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from sale of businesses Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from debt issuances Debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on debt ) ) Purchase of tax receivable agreement interests ) Payments on acquisition-related liabilities ) ) Distributions from partnership ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Impact of foreign currency on cash ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Summit Materials, Inc. Accumulated Other Class A Class B Additional Noncontrolling Total Accumulated Comprehensive Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Interest in Stockholders Earnings income Shares Dollars Shares Dollars Capital Summit Holdings Equity Balance - December 30, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) LP Unit exchanges ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock option exercises Class B share cancellation ) Share-based compensation Issuance of Class A Shares Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other ) ) Balance March 30, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other Balance June 29, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other ) ) Balance - September 28, 2024 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Summit Materials, Inc. Accumulated Other Class A Class B Additional Noncontrolling Total Accumulated Comprehensive Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Interest in Stockholders Earnings income Shares Dollars Shares Dollars Capital Summit Holdings Equity Balance December 31, 2022 Net loss ) ) ) LP Unit exchanges ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other ) ) ) Balance April 1, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other ) Balance July 1, 2023 Net income LP Unit exchanges ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Distributions from partnership ) ) Shares redeemed to settle taxes and other ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 (Dollars in tables in thousands, except per share amounts or otherwise noted) 

1. 
 cement plants, cement distribution terminals, ready-mix concrete plants, asphalt plants and landfill sites. It is also engaged in paving and related services. The Company s operating and reporting segments are the West, East and Cement segments. 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s construction materials, products and services are produced, consumed and performed outdoors, primarily in the spring, summer and fall. Seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions can affect the production and sales volumes of its products and delivery of services. Therefore, the financial results for any interim period are typically not indicative of the results expected for the full year. Furthermore, the Company s sales and earnings are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions, weather conditions and to cyclical changes in construction spending, among other factors. 
 
 On September 23, 2014, Summit Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation to be a holding company. As of March 30, 2024, Summit Inc. held 100 of the economic interests and voting power of Summit Materials Holdings L.P. Summit Holdings ). Pursuant to a reorganization into a holding company structure (the Reorganization consummated in connection with Summit Inc. s March 2015 initial public offering ("IPO"), Summit Inc. became a holding corporation operating and controlling all of the business and affairs of Summit Holdings and its subsidiaries. Summit Inc. directly and indirectly owns all of the partnership interests of Summit Holdings (see note 9, Stockholders Equity). Summit Materials, LLC Summit LLC an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Summit Holdings, conducts the majority of our operations. Summit Materials Finance Corp. Summit Finance ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Summit LLC, has jointly issued our Senior Notes as described below. 
 
 On January 12, 2024, Summit completed a combination with Argos North America Corp. ("Argos USA"), Cementos Argos S.A. ("Cementos Argos"), Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. (the "Argos Parties," and together with Argos USA, "Argos"), pursuant to which Summit acquired all of the outstanding equity interests (the "Transaction") of Argos USA from Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. in exchange for billion of cash, the issuance of shares of the Summit Inc.'s Class A common stock and preferred share in a transaction valued at approximately billion. The cash consideration was funded from the net proceeds of an million offering of Senior Notes due 2031 and new term loan borrowings under our current credit facility. The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments, with any upward or downward adjustments made against the cash consideration. The Transaction Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2023, contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and agreements, including a Stockholder Agreement. For additional details related to the Transaction, see Note 2, Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangibles. 

7 

Table of Contents 

U.S. states and in British Columbia, Canada, with the most significant revenue generated in Texas, Florida, Missouri, Georgia, Utah, North Carolina and Kansas. The Company s accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due from customers within these areas. Therefore, collection of these accounts is dependent on the economic conditions in the aforementioned states, as well as specific situations affecting individual customers. Credit granted within the Company s trade areas has been granted to many customers, and management does not believe that a significant concentration of credit exists with respect to any individual customer or group of customers. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 

Prior Year Reclassifications We have reclassified transaction costs of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, from general and administrative expenses to a separate line item included in operating income to conform to the current year presentation. We have also reclassified our deferred tax liabilities of million as of December 30, 2023, from other non-current liabilities to a separate line item in long term liabilities. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 billion. Summit acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Argos USA in exchange for (i) billion of cash (subject to customary adjustments), (ii) shares of Class A Common Stock and (iii) share of preferred stock, par value per share, of Summit Inc. (together with the Class A Consideration, the Stock Consideration ). 
 
 The Argos USA assets include integrated cement plants, grinding facilities, ready-mix concrete plants, ports and inland terminals across the East and Gulf Coast regions, with a total installed cement grinding capacity of million tons per annum and a total import capacity of million tons of cement per annum. 
 
 The results of Argos USA s operations are included in these consolidated financial statements from the closing date of the Transaction. Argos USA revenues and net income included in the consolidated income statement for the period from January 12, 2024 to September 28, 2024 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Net income attributable to Summit Inc. 
 
 The unaudited pro forma information has been calculated after adjusting the results of Argos USA for the following impacts of the Transaction, among other items: 
 Additional depreciation, depletion, and amortization for property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets acquired. 
 Interest expense adjustments to reflect the payoff of Argos USA debt obligations and new debt issued by the Company to complete the Transaction. 
 Elimination of royalties expenses paid to the parent of Argos USA which will not be incurred post-combination. 
 Elimination of historical transaction expenses of Argos USA incurred to pursue an initial public offering. 
 
 The Company incurred combination-related costs of million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These expenses are included in transaction and integration costs on consolidated income statement and are reflected in pro forma net income attributable to Summit Inc. for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in the table above. The pro forma results do not include any cost savings or associated costs to achieve such savings from operating efficiencies or synergies that may result from the combination. 
 
 Fair value of stock consideration issued Total fair value of consideration transferred 
 
 Summit Inc. issued shares of common stock and calculated the fair value of stock consideration using a per share price of on January 12, 2024, the closing date of the Transaction. The fair value of preferred stock is immaterial. 
 
 The preferred stock is non-transferable and has no economic rights or ordinary voting rights. The preferred stock was issued to ensure the Argos Parties voting interests are not involuntarily diluted and provides a short window to purchase 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 of the total Summit common stock. 
 
 Argos USA Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 The acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests of Argos USA was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated preliminary acquisition date fair values. The excess purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 Asset acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Intangible assets, net Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets Other assets Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Current operating lease liabilities ) Noncurrent operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired Goodwill 
 
 The purchase price has been preliminarily allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair value estimates of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are pending the completion of various items, including obtaining further information regarding the identification and valuation of all assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Certain of the more significant balances that are not yet finalized include the valuation of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (including goodwill), inventories, and other working capital accounts, and related income tax considerations. Accordingly, management considers the balances above to be preliminary, and there could be further adjustments to the consolidated financial statements in subsequent periods, including changes to depreciation and amortization expense related to the property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets acquired and their respective useful lives, among other adjustments. 
 
 Certain measurement period adjustments were recorded in these consolidated financial statement due to the receipt of additional information and updated preliminary valuation reports. Further adjustments during the three months ended September 28, 2024 included: 
 i. million decrease in property, plant, and equipment and a million increase in other noncurrent liabilities related to updated valuations due to revised information included in preliminary valuation reports. 
 ii. million decrease in goodwill related to the adjustments noted in (i.) above, among others. 
 
 The final determination of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be completed within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and expected to be amortized over a weighted average amortization period of and years, respectively. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill recognized includes synergies expected to be achieved from the operations of the combined company, the assembled workforce of Argos USA, and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Expected synergies include both increased revenue opportunities and the cost savings from the planned integration of platform infrastructure, facilities, personnel, and systems. The transaction is considered a non-taxable business combination and the goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The allocation of goodwill to the Company s reporting units is not complete and is subject to change during the measurement period. On a preliminary basis, goodwill was assigned to the Cement and East reportable segments. 
 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Transaction, the Company and Argos USA entered into an Intellectual Property License Agreement with the Argos Parties pursuant to which the parties will grant each other various intellectual property licenses. Certain intellectual property licenses from the Argos Parties, including the "Argos" trade name in Canada and the United States, are provided on a royalty-fee basis. The million paid to Argos Parties, which is also the fair value of these intangible assets acquired by the Company was excluded and recorded separately from the business combination. 
 
 Other Acquisitions 
 
 The financial results of each acquisition have been included in the Company s consolidated results of operations beginning on the respective closing dates of the acquisitions. The Company measures all assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair value. Goodwill acquired during a business combination has an indefinite life and is not amortized. 
 
 East Cement 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 The combination with Argos USA affected all reporting segments. In addition to the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests of Argos USA, we also acquired aggregates-based operations, in each of our West and East segments. 
 
 The purchase price allocation, primarily the valuation of property, plant and equipment, as well as considerations for contracts assumed in the acquisition, for the acquisitions completed during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, as well as the acquisitions completed during 2023 that occurred after September 30, 2023, have not yet been finalized due to the recent timing of the acquisitions, status of the valuation of property, plant and equipment and finalization of related tax returns. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Inventories Property, plant and equipment Other assets Financial liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net assets acquired Goodwill Purchase price Other ) Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 
 Acquisitions (1) Dispositions (2) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance September 28, 2024 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Reflects goodwill from 2024 acquisitions and working capital adjustments from prior year acquisitions. 
 (2) Reflects goodwill derecognition from dispositions completed during 2024. 
 
 The Company s intangible assets subject to amortization are primarily composed of operating permits, mineral lease agreements and reserve rights. Operating permits relate to permitting and zoning rights acquired outside of a business combination. The assets related to mineral lease agreements reflect the submarket royalty rates paid under agreements, primarily for extracting aggregates. The values were determined as of the respective acquisition dates by a comparison of market-royalty rates. The reserve rights relate to aggregate reserves to which the Company has certain rights of ownership, but does not own the reserves. The intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lives of the leases or permits. 
 
 ) ) Mineral leases ) ) Reserve rights ) ) Intellectual property ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 businesses in the East segment and in the West segment, resulting in total proceeds of million and a net gain on disposition of million. 

3. 
 Cement Ready-mix concrete Asphalt Paving and related services Other Total revenue 
 
 Revenue from liquid asphalt terminals is included in asphalt revenue. 
 
 Construction contract receivables Retention receivables Receivables from related parties Accounts receivable Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Retention receivables are amounts earned by the Company but held by customers until paving and related service contracts and projects are near completion or fully completed. Amounts are generally billed and collected within . 

4. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Finished goods Work in process Raw materials Total 

5. 
 Payroll and benefits Finance lease obligations Insurance Current portion of accrued taxes and TRA liability Deferred asset purchase payments Professional fees Other (1) Total 
 
 (1) Consists primarily of current portion of asset retirement obligations and miscellaneous accruals. 

6. 
 million and million, and net of million discount at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 6 1 2 Senior Notes, due 2027 
 5 1 4 Senior Notes, due 2029 
 7 1 4 Senior Notes, due 2031 
 Total Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Less: Deferred financing costs ) Total debt 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due January 15, 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). The 2031 Notes were issued at of their par value with proceeds of million, net of related fees and expenses. The 2031 Notes were issued under an indenture dated as of December 14, 2023 (the "2031 Notes Indenture"). The 2031 Notes Indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, Summit LLC and its restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions, make certain investments, sell or transfer certain assets, create liens, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. The 2031 Notes Indenture also contains customary events of default. The gross proceeds of the 2031 Notes were held in escrow as of December 30, 2023 as the proceeds were restricted to use for the cash consideration for the Transaction. The proceeds were released upon closing of the Transaction on January 12, 2024. Interest on the 2031 Notes is payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year commencing on July 15, 2024. 
 
 On August 11, 2020, the Issuers issued million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due January 15, 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes were issued at of their par value with proceeds of million, net of related fees and expenses. The 2029 Notes were issued under an indenture dated August 11, 2020, the terms of which are generally consistent with the 2031 Notes Indenture. Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year commencing on January 15, 2021. 
 
 On March 15, 2019, the Issuers issued million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due March 15, 2027 (the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes were issued at of their par value with proceeds of million, net of related fees and expenses. The 2027 Notes were issued under an indenture dated March 25, 2019, the terms of which are generally consistent with the 2031 Notes Indenture. Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year commencing on September 15, 2019. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Issuers were in compliance with all covenants under the applicable indentures. 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On January 12, 2024, Summit LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Summit Materials, Inc., and the guarantors party thereto entered into Amendment No. 7 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2015 (as amended, the "Credit Agreement"), governing Summit LLC's senior secured credit facilities, among Summit LLC, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender and the other parties thereto, which among other things: 
 
 (1) established new term loans ("Term Loans") in an aggregate principal amount of billion (the "Term Loan Facility") bearing interest, at Summit LLC s option, based on either the base rate or Term SOFR rate and an applicable margin of (i) per annum with respect to base rate borrowings and a floor of per annum or (ii) per annum with respect to Term SOFR borrowings and a floor of . Amendment No. 7 also extended the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility to January 12, 2029. In addition, the new term loan was subject to a prepayment premium in respect of any principal amount repaid in connection with certain repricing transactions occurring within six months following the effective date of Amendment No. 7 and requires quarterly amortization payments of of the principal amount of the Term Loan Facility beginning on the effective date of Amendment No. 7 and due on the last business day or each March, June, September and December, commencing with the June 2024 payment. The proceeds of the new term loans were used to (i) fund a portion of the cash consideration in connection with the closing of the Transaction, (ii) refinance the million prior term loans outstanding, resulting in charges of million which were recognized for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, which included charges of million for the write-off of original issue discount and million for the write-off of deferred financing fees and (iii) pay fees, commissions and expenses in connection with the foregoing; 
 
 (2) in respect of the revolving credit facility thereunder (the Revolving Credit Facility ), (a) increased the total aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility from million to million and (b) reduced the applicable margin (with no leverage-based step downs) to (i) per annum with respect to base rate borrowings and a floor of per annum or (ii) per annum with respect to Term SOFR borrowings and a floor of ; and 
 
 (3) modified certain covenants to provide greater flexibility for Summit LLC under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 to per annum, resulting in a current interest rate as of September 28, 2024 of ; (ii) reduced the applicable margin on base rate borrowings from to per annum; and (iii) requires a premium of in respect of any prepayment of the Term Loans in connection with certain repricing transactions that occur on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the effective date of Amendment No. 8. All other material terms and provisions of the Term Loans remain substantially the same as the terms and provisions in place immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 8. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on January 10, 2028, provided that if more than million of the 2027 Notes are outstanding as of December 14, 2026, then the maturity date of the revolving credit facility will be December 14, 2026. There were outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, with borrowing capacity of million remaining as of September 28, 2024, which is net of million of outstanding letters of credit. The outstanding letters of credit are renewed annually and support required bonding on construction projects, large leases, workers compensation claims and the Company s insurance liabilities. In connection with the combination with Argos USA described above, Summit LLC assumed a letter of credit related to Argos USA's workers compensation claims and insurance liabilities equal to million. 
 
 Summit LLC s Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement, should be no greater than :1.0 as of each quarter-end. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, Summit LLC was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 Summit LLC s wholly-owned domestic subsidiary companies, subject to certain exclusions and exceptions, are named as subsidiary guarantors of the Senior Notes and the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In addition, Summit LLC has pledged substantially all of its assets as collateral, subject to certain exclusions and exceptions including a real property exception, for the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
 
 In September 2023, in connection with our agreement to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests of Argos USA, we obtained a billion 364-day term loan bridge facility commitment from various financial institutions. The term loan bridge facility expired unused upon the closing of the Transaction in January 2024. 
 Loan origination fees Amortization ) Write off of deferred financing fees ) Balance September 28, 2024 Balance December 31, 2022 Loan origination fees Amortization ) Write off of deferred financing fees ) Balance September 30, 2023 
 
 Other On January 15, 2015, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary in British Columbia, Canada entered into an agreement with a major Canadian Bank, which was amended on November 30, 2020, for a (i) million Canadian dollar CAD revolving credit commitment to be used for operating activities that bears interest per annum equal to the bank s prime rate plus , (ii) million CAD revolving credit commitment to be used for capital equipment that bears interest per annum at the bank s prime rate plus and (iii) million CAD revolving credit commitment to provide guarantees on behalf of that subsidiary and (iv) million CAD revolving foreign exchange facility available to purchase foreign exchange forward contracts. There were amounts outstanding under this agreement as of September 28, 2024 or December 30, 2023, which may be terminated upon demand. 

7. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and our income tax expense was million and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate for Summit Inc. differs from the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to (1) basis differences in assets divested, (2) tax depletion expense in excess of the expense recorded under U.S. GAAP, (3) state taxes, (4) various other items such as limitations on meals and entertainment, certain stock compensation, non-deductible compensation paid to covered employees, and other costs. 
 
 As of each of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, Summit Inc. had a valuation allowance of million, which relates to certain deferred tax assets in taxable entities where realization is not more likely than not. 
 
 material interest or penalties were recognized in income tax expense during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement The Company is party to a TRA with certain former holders of Class A limited partnership units of Summit Holdings ("LP Units") that provides for the payment by Summit Inc. to exchanging holders of LP Units of of the benefits, if any, that Summit Inc. actually realizes (or, under certain circumstances such as an early termination of the TRA, is deemed to realize) as a result of increases in the tax basis of tangible and intangible assets of Summit Holdings and certain other tax benefits related to entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2023, Summit LLC acquired all of the rights and interests in the TRA held by affiliates of Blackstone, Inc. and certain other TRA holders for aggregate cash consideration of million. In connection with these transactions, Summit LLC and Summit Inc. reached an agreement whereby the maximum amount Summit Inc. is obligated to pay Summit LLC for the TRA interests acquired is limited to the amount Summit LLC paid for the TRA interests. As the cash paid for the TRA interests was less than their carrying value, Summit Inc. recognized a tax receivable benefit of million in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 LP Units were acquired by Summit Inc. in exchange for an equal number of newly-issued shares of Summit Inc. s Class A common stock and the Company recorded an increase in the TRA liability of approximately million related to the exchanges. As of September 28, 2024, the total tax receivable agreement liability was million. 

8. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average shares of Class A stock outstanding Add: Nonvested restricted stock awards of retirement eligible shares Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted net income attributable to Summit Inc. Weighted average shares outstanding Add: stock options Add: warrants Add: restricted stock units Add: performance stock units Weighted average dilutive shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share 

9. 
 
 million of our Class A common stock. As of September 28, 2024, there was million available for purchase, upon which they will be retired. 
 
 Exchanges during period ) Stock option exercises Issuance of Class A common stock Other equity transactions Balance September 28, 2024 Balance December 31, 2022 Exchanges during period ) Stock option exercises Other equity transactions Balance September 30, 2023 
 
 Summit Inc. is Summit Holdings primary beneficiary and thus consolidates Summit Holdings in its consolidated financial statements with a corresponding noncontrolling interest reclassification, which was and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance September 28, 2024 ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Balance September 30, 2023 ) 

10. 
 Payments for income taxes, net Operating cash payments on operating leases Operating cash payments on finance leases Finance cash payments on finance leases Non cash investing and financing activities: Accrued liabilities for purchases of property, plant and equipment Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Right of use assets obtained in exchange for finance leases obligations Exchange of LP Units to shares of Class A common stock Issuance of Class A common stock 
 
 On January 12, 2024, Summit completed a combination with Argos USA, Cementos Argos, Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc., pursuant to which Summit acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Argos USA from the Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. Non-cash transactions related to the combination includes issuance of shares of Summit Inc.'s Class A common stock and preferred share. 

11. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Financing lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases: Operating leases: Operating lease right-of-use assets Current operating lease liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Current finance lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years): Operating leases Finance lease Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases Maturities of lease liabilities, as of September 28, 2024, were as follows: 
 Operating Leases Finance Leases 2024 (three months) 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease payments 

12. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million and was required, among other things, to periodically review and update its antitrust compliance program. The term of the DPA expired on January 4, 2024. As Argos USA fully complied with the terms of the DPA, on January 18, 2024, following the conclusion of the DPA s term, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Georgia dismissed the criminal charge that was filed against the company in January 2021. Argos USA s failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the DPA could result in additional criminal prosecution or penalties as well as continued expenses in defending these proceedings. In addition, Argos USA has been named a defendant in a putative class action filed under the caption Pro Slab, Inc. et al. v. Argos USA LLC et al. on behalf of purchasers of ready-mix concrete on November 22, 2017 in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina and includes allegations of price-fixing, market allocation and other anti-competitive practices in the Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina markets, seeking monetary damages and other remedies. This case was stayed on February 9, 2022 pending the resolution of the same criminal indictments. On October 11, 2024, following the resolution of the criminal cases, the district court lifted the limited stay. On October 16, 2024, the district court entered a scheduling order that sets a schedule for discovery, briefing on class certification, and briefing on motions for summary judgement, and sets a trial date for September 2025. 
 
 On June 13, 2023, prior to the closing of the Transaction, Argos USA entered into a settlement and compliance agreement with the Federal Highway Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation that requires, among other things, appointment of an independent monitor until June 2025 to monitor, among other things, bids or awards of publicly funded contracts in Georgia and South Carolina for our ready-mix and cement business, as well as our code of business conduct, antitrust compliance policy, and antitrust compliance program. 
 
 Environmental Remediation and Site Restoration The Company s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety and other regulatory matters. These operations require environmental operating permits, which are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. Despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of the Company s business, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses and there can be no assurance that environmental liabilities or noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 The Company has asset retirement obligations arising from regulatory and contractual requirements to perform reclamation activities at the time certain quarries and landfills are closed. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, were included in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and million and million, respectively, were included in accrued expenses for future reclamation costs. The total undiscounted anticipated costs for site reclamation as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Payment In Lieu Of Taxes PILOT Agreemen t In connection with the Transaction, Summit assumed a PILOT agreement related to the Martinsburg, West Virginia cement plant entered into by Argos USA pursuant to an acquisition that occurred in 2016. This agreement, which includes a continuing employment base requirement and other requirements, is in effect through fiscal year 2034. Under this agreement, certain property was conveyed to the West Virginia Economic Development Authority in exchange for certain local tax incentives. The million receivable from the municipality related to the conveyance of the property, and the million liability associated with the financing, have been offset in the consolidated balance sheets as the opening balance sheet. The annual payment related to the financing, and receipts related to the conveyance of the property for year-ended December 30, 2023 approximated million. 
 
 Other The Company is obligated under various firm purchase commitments for certain raw materials and services that are in the ordinary course of business. Management does not expect any significant changes in the market value of these 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 . 

13. 
 Acquisition-related liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities: Contingent consideration 
 
 The fair value of contingent consideration was based on unobservable, or Level 3, inputs, including projected probability-weighted cash payments and a discount rate, which reflects a market discount rate. Changes in fair value may occur as a result of a change in actual or projected cash payments, the probability weightings applied by the Company to projected payments or a change in the discount rate. Significant increases or decreases in any of these inputs in isolation could result in a lower, or higher, fair value measurement. There were material valuation adjustments to contingent consideration as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Financial Instruments The Company s financial instruments include debt and certain acquisition-related liabilities (deferred consideration and noncompete obligations). 
 Level 3 Current portion of deferred consideration and noncompete obligations(2) Long term portion of deferred consideration and noncompete obligations(3) 
 
 (1) million and million was included in current portion of debt as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Included in current portion of acquisition-related liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Included in acquisition-related liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The fair value of debt was determined based on observable, or Level 1, inputs, such as interest rates, bond yields and quoted prices in inactive markets. The fair values of the deferred consideration and noncompete obligations were determined based on unobservable, or Level 3, inputs, including the cash payment terms in the purchase agreements and a discount rate reflecting the Company s credit risk. The discount rate used is generally consistent with that used when the obligations were initially recorded. 
 
 Securities with a maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents and the fair value of these assets approximates their carrying value. 

14. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 operating segments: West, East and Cement, which are its reporting segments. These segments are consistent with the Company s management reporting structure. 
 
 The operating results of each segment are regularly reviewed and evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer, our Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ). The CODM primarily evaluates the performance of the Company s segments and allocates resources to them based on a segment profit metric that we call Adjusted EBITDA ("EBITDA" refers to net income (loss) before interest expense (income), income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation, depletion and amortization), which is computed as earnings from operations before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization, accretion and share-based compensation, as well as various other non-recurring, non-cash amounts. 
 
 The West and East segments have several subsidiaries that are engaged in various activities including quarry mining, aggregate production and contracting. The Cement segment is engaged in the production of Portland cement. Assets employed by each segment include assets directly identified with those operations. Corporate assets consist primarily of cash, property, plant and equipment for corporate operations and other assets not directly identifiable with a reportable business segment. The accounting policies applicable to each segment are consistent with those used in the consolidated financial statements. 
 East Cement Total revenue 
 
 Intercompany sales totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The presentation above only reflects sales to external customers. 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income from operations before taxes Interest expense Depreciation, depletion and amortization Accretion Loss on debt financings Tax receivable agreement benefit ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of businesses ) Non-cash compensation Argos USA acquisition and integration costs Other ) ) ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDA Total Adjusted EBITDA by Segment: West East Cement Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDA 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 East Cement Total reportable segments Corporate and other Total purchases of property, plant and equipment 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion: West East Cement Total reportable segments Corporate and other Total depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 
 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Total assets: West East Cement Total reportable segments Corporate and other Total 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 million and million, respectively, under these agreements and is included in general and administrative costs in our statement of operations. 
 
 We also entered into a cement supply agreement with Cementos Argos with an initial term expiring December 31, 2028. Under this agreement, we will purchase a minimum volume of metric tons of cement from an affiliate of Cementos Argos. The purchase price of the cement will be at market prices based on third party quotes. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we purchased million and million, respectively, of cement under the cement supply agreement. Cement purchases are capitalized into inventory on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 We also entered into various agreements whereby an affiliate of Cementos Argos will provide logistics support for importing cement to our terminals. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we paid the affiliate million and million, respectively, under the logistics supply agreement, and these costs are capitalized into inventory on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 We entered into a master purchase agreement whereby we will utilize the services of an affiliate of Cementos Argos to negotiate and coordinate a supply agreement with the international suppliers for the purchase of cement and other materials. This agreement expires on December 31, 2025. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we paid million and million, respectively, under the master purchase agreement, and these costs are capitalized into inventory on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to assist in understanding and assessing the trends and significant changes in our results of operations and financial condition. Historical results may not be indicative of future performance. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors in the Annual Report, and factors discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated interim financial statements and the related notes and other information included in this report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Summit s vision is to be the most socially responsible, integrated construction materials solution provider, collaborating with stakeholders to deliver differentiated innovations and solve our customers challenges. Within our markets, we strive to be a market leader by offering customers a single-source provider for construction materials and related vertically integrated downstream products. Our materials include aggregates, which we supply across the United States, and in British Columbia, Canada, and cement, which we supply across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic as well as to surrounding states along the Mississippi River from Minnesota to Southeast Gulf States. In addition to supplying aggregates to customers, we use a portion of our materials internally to produce ready-mix concrete and asphalt paving mix, which may be sold externally or used in our paving and related services businesses. Our vertically integrated business model creates opportunities to increase aggregates volumes, optimize margin at each stage of production and provide customers with efficiency gains, convenience and reliability, which we believe gives us a competitive advantage. 
 
 We are organized into nine operating companies that make up our three distinct operating segments: West, East and Cement. We operate in 24 U.S. states and in British Columbia, Canada and currently have assets in 27 U.S. states and in British Columbia, Canada. The map below illustrates our geographic footprint. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Business Trends and Conditions 
 
 The U.S. construction materials industry is composed of four primary sectors: aggregates; cement; ready-mix concrete; and asphalt paving mix. Each of these materials is widely used in most forms of construction activity. Participants in these sectors typically range from small, privately-held companies focused on a single material, product or market to publicly traded multinational corporations that offer a wide array of construction materials and services. Competition is constrained in part by the distance materials can be transported efficiently, resulting in predominantly local or regional operations. Due to the lack of product differentiation, competition for all of our products is predominantly based on price and, to a lesser extent, quality of products and service. Accordingly, our profitability is generally dependent on the level of demand for our materials and products and our ability to control operating costs. We continue to monitor supply chain issues, as well as inflationary pressures on our raw material inputs as well as labor costs. 
 
 Our revenue is derived from multiple end-use markets including public infrastructure construction and private residential and nonresidential construction. Public infrastructure includes spending by federal, state, provincial and local governments for roads, highways, bridges, airports and other infrastructure projects. Public infrastructure projects have historically been a relatively stable portion of state and federal budgets. Residential and nonresidential construction consists of new construction and repair and remodel markets. Any economic stagnation or decline, which could vary by local region and market, could affect our results of operations. Our sales and earnings are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and particularly to cyclical changes in construction spending, especially in the private sector. From a macroeconomic view, we see a positive trend in highway obligations, but headwinds in housing starts. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Transportation infrastructure projects, driven by both federal and state funding programs, represent a significant share of the U.S. construction materials market. Federal funds are allocated to the states, which are required to match a portion of the federal funds they receive. Federal highway spending uses funds predominantly from the Federal Highway Trust Fund, which derives its revenue from taxes on diesel fuel, gasoline and other user fees. The dependability of federal funding allows state departments of transportation to plan for their long-term highway construction and maintenance needs. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (" IIJA") was signed into law on November 15, 2021. The IIJA provides 1.2 trillion in funding over five years from 2022 through 2026, which includes 347.8 billion for highways, and 91.0 billion for transit. 
 
 In 2023, approximately 62 of our revenue was derived from the private construction market, and the remaining revenue from the public markets. We believe the percentage of revenue derived from the private construction market will increase slightly as a result of the combination with Argos North America Corp. ("Argos USA"). We believe residential activity in our key markets will continue to be a driver for volumes in future periods. Funding for public infrastructure projects is expected to remain a high priority. 
 
 In addition to federal funding, state, county and local agencies provide highway construction and maintenance funding. Our seven largest states by revenue, Texas, Florida, Missouri, Georgia, Utah, North Carolina and Kansas, the following is a summary of key funding initiatives in those states: 
 
 Texas : The fiscal year 2025 budget will rise to 18.68 billion. Given that the biennial budget for fiscal year 2023 was determined in 2021, prior to passage of the IIJA, this bill is the first biennial budget to incorporate increased federal funding under IIJA. IIJA boosts the Texas Department of Transportation budget by about 1 billion per year. 
 
 Florida : Baseline appropriations to the Florida Department of Transportation total 15.51 billion, a state record and 2 increase over the base fiscal year 2024 Florida Department of Transportation budget. 
 
 Missouri : The state budget for the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT) grew by 16 between FY 2024 and FY 2025, from 4.12 billion to 4.79 billion. 
 
 Georgia : Appropriations to the Georgia Department of Transportation total 4.18 billion in fiscal year 2025, a 7 increase over the original fiscal year 2024 budget 3.90 billion). Importantly, the anticipated federal revenues reflected in Georgia Department of Transportation's recent budgets do not capture the extent of federal funding attributable to the IIJA. 
 
 Utah : Between fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2024, total (original) transportation appropriations rose 128 , from 1.32 billion to 3.02 billion. In fiscal year 2025, appropriations fell 4 from that high to 2.92 billion. 
 
 North Carolina : Between FY 2023 and FY 2024, the DOT budget grew from 6.81 billion to 7.54 billion, an 11 increase. In FY 2025, the DOT budget grew another 1 , to 7.60 billion. 
 
 Kansas : The original Governor's Budget for the Kansas Department of Transportation totals 2.68 billion for fiscal year 2025, a 16 increase over the original Governor's Budget for fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Use and consumption of our products fluctuate due to seasonality. Nearly all of the products used by us, and by our customers, in the private construction and public infrastructure industries are used outdoors. Our highway operations and production and distribution facilities are also located outdoors. Therefore, seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions, in particular extended rainy and cold weather in the spring and fall, and major weather events such as hurricanes, tornadoes, tropical storms, heavy snows and flooding, can adversely affect our business and operations through a decline in both the use of our products and demand for our services. In addition, construction materials production and shipment levels follow activity in the construction industry, which typically occurs in the spring, summer and fall. Warmer and drier weather during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year typically result in higher activity and revenue levels during those quarters. The first quarter of our fiscal year typically has lower levels of activity due to weather conditions. 
 
 We are subject to commodity price risk with respect to price changes in liquid asphalt and energy, including fossil fuels and electricity for aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt paving mix production and diesel fuel for distribution vehicles and production related mobile equipment. Liquid asphalt escalator provisions in most of our private and commercial contracts limit our exposure to price fluctuations in this commodity. We often obtain similar escalators on public infrastructure contracts. In addition, as we seek to manage our risk to increasing energy prices, we enter into various firm purchase commitments, with terms generally less than one year, for certain raw materials. 
 
 Combination with Argos USA 
 28 

Table of Contents 

In January 2024, we completed a combination with Argos USA, Cementos Argos S.A. Cementos Argos ), Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. pursuant to which Summit acquired all of the outstanding equity interests (the "Transaction") of Argos USA from Argos SEM LLC and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. in exchange for 1.1 billion of cash, the issuance of 54.7 million shares of our Class A common stock and one preferred share in a transaction valued at approximately 3.1 billion. The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments, with any upward or downward adjustments made against the cash consideration. The Transaction Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and agreements, including entry into a stockholder agreement. The cash consideration was funded from the net proceeds of an 800 million offering of Senior Notes due 2031 and new term loan borrowings under our current credit facility. Argos USA is among the largest cement producers with four integrated cement plants and approximately 140 ready-mix plants in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic and Texas geographies. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Our products are generally delivered upon receipt of orders or requests from customers, or shortly thereafter. Accordingly, the backlog associated with product sales is converted into revenue within a relatively short period of time. Inventory for products is generally maintained in sufficient quantities to meet rapid delivery requirements of customers. Therefore, a period-over-period increase or decrease of backlog does not necessarily result in an improvement or a deterioration of our business. Our backlog includes only those products and projects for which we have obtained a purchase order or a signed contract with the customer and does not include products purchased and sold or services awarded and provided within the period. 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 
 The principal factors in evaluating our financial condition and operating results as of and for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and certain other highlights include: 
 
 On January 12, 2024, Summit acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Argos USA for a value of approximately 3.1 billion. 
 Net revenue increased 369.9 million and 1,130.9 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily resulting from the Transaction, as well as increases in average sales prices, which more than offset reduced volumes due to divestitures completed in 2023. 
 Our operating income increased 66.7 million and 80.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily resulting from increased revenues due to the Transaction, which more than offset the greater general and administrative expenses, depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expenses incurred as a result of the Transaction, as well as 83.9 million of transaction and integration costs related to the Transaction. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, average sales price increased 7.4 and 9.9 in aggregates, remained flat and increased 1.5 in cement, 8.1 and 10.0 in ready-mix concrete and 5.0 and 4.0 in asphalt, respectively. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, sales volume decreased 1.8 and 6.4 in aggregates, increased 203.1 and 256.7 in cement, increased 63.0 and 78.0 in ready-mix concrete and decreased 6.7 and 10.1 in asphalt, respectively. The increased sales volumes for cement and ready-mix concrete was primarily due to the combination with Argos USA. 
 In January 2024, Summit Materials, LLC entered into Amendment No. 7 to the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities (the "Credit Agreement") and established new terms loans in an aggregate amount of 1.010 billion. Summit Materials, LLC increased the total aggregate commitments under our revolving credit facility from 395.0 million to 625.0 million. 
 In July 2024, Summit Materials LLC entered into Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement, which reduced the applicable margin on the Term SOFR borrowings from 2.50 to 1.75 per annum. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, we sold four businesses, resulting in total proceeds of 98.9 million and a net gain on disposition of 11.7 million. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of our results of operations is focused on the key financial measures we use to evaluate the performance of our business from both a consolidated and operating segment perspective. Operating income and margins are 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 discussed in terms of changes in volume, pricing and mix of revenue source (i.e., type of product, sales or service revenue). We focus on operating margin, which we define as operating income as a percentage of net revenue, as a key metric when assessing the performance of the business, as analyzing changes in costs in relation to changes in revenue provides more meaningful insight into the results of operations than examining costs in isolation. 
 
 Operating income (loss) reflects our profit from operations after taking into consideration cost of revenue, general and administrative expenses, depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion and gain on sale of property, plant and equipment. Cost of revenue generally increases ratably with revenue, as labor, transportation costs and subcontractor costs are recorded in cost of revenue. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue vary throughout the year due to the seasonality of our business, and may also be impacted by acquisition and divestiture activities, depending on the size of the business acquired or divested. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The table below sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 in thousands) Net revenue 1,111,846 741,960 2,960,546 1,829,603 Delivery and subcontract revenue 59,291 52,837 133,868 129,732 Total revenue 1,171,137 794,797 3,094,414 1,959,335 Cost of revenue (excluding items shown separately below) 788,310 543,159 2,162,330 1,389,599 General and administrative expenses 78,916 50,895 231,317 150,731 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 99,159 57,452 299,527 163,133 Transaction and integration costs 13,656 17,442 86,129 19,518 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment (3,555) (2,134) (7,583) (5,787) Operating income 194,651 127,983 322,694 242,141 Interest expense 50,916 28,013 155,657 83,335 Loss on debt financings 7,157 12,610 493 Tax receivable agreement benefit (153,080) (153,080) Loss (gain) on sale of businesses 7,083 (11,660) Other income, net (9,224) (3,583) (26,188) (14,771) Income from operations before taxes 138,719 256,633 192,275 326,164 Income tax expense 33,541 23,908 48,292 39,923 Net income 105,178 232,725 143,983 286,241 
 
 Three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenue 1,111,846 741,960 369,886 49.9 2,960,546 1,829,603 1,130,943 61.8 Operating income 194,651 127,983 66,668 52.1 322,694 242,141 80,553 33.3 Operating margin percentage 17.5 17.2 10.9 13.2 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 314,672 208,519 106,153 50.9 732,063 441,465 290,598 65.8 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 28.3 28.1 24.7 24.1 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures that we find helpful in monitoring the performance of our business. See "Non-GAAP Performance Measures" below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Net revenue increased 369.9 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024, primarily resulting from the Transaction as well as organic price increases in aggregates, ready-mix concrete and asphalt lines of business. In the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized 403.4 million of revenue from our recent acquisitions which more than offset a decrease of 43.6 million in net revenue related to divestitures. Of the increase in net revenue, 202.3 million was from increased sales of materials, 169.6 million from increased sales of products, partially offset by 2.0 million from decreased service revenue. We experienced organic volume growth of 0.7 and 0.4 in our aggregates and asphalt lines of business, respectively, and decline of 11.3 and 10.0 in our cement and ready-mix concrete lines of business, respectively. The organic volume decreases for ready-mix concrete was primarily attributable to unfavorable weather conditions and reduced activity in residential markets in our West segment. The organic volume decline in cement was due to reduced import volume in the River Markets and moderating demand conditions in our Southeast geographies. 
 
 Net revenue increased 1,130.9 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, primarily resulting from the Transaction as well as organic price increases across all lines of business. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized 1,245.9 million of revenue from our recent acquisitions which more than offset a decrease of 111.5 million in net revenue related to divestitures. Of the increase in net revenue, 591.4 million was from increased sales of materials, 535.0 million from increased sales of products, and 4.5 million from increased service revenue. Our organic volumes declined 5.5 , 11.8 , 13.0 and 1.1 in aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt, respectively. The organic volume decreases for aggregates and ready-mix concrete were primarily attributable to unfavorable weather conditions and reduced activity in residential markets in our West segment and to a lesser degree, in our East segment. We had organic price growth in our aggregates, cement, ready-mix and asphalt lines of business of 9.3 , 5.6 , 6.3 and 3.1 , respectively, during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Operating income increased by 66.7 million and 80.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we incurred 13.7 million and 86.1 million of transaction costs, respectively, which were mostly due to 12.8 million and 83.9 million, respectively, of acquisition and integration costs related to our combination with Argos USA. 
 
 Our operating margin percentage for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased from 17.2 to 17.5 and decreased from 13.2 to 10.9 , respectively, from the comparable period a year ago, due to the factors noted above, notably the transaction and integration costs related to our combination with Argos USA. Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in "Non-GAAP Performance Measures" below, increased by 106.2 million and 290.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, due to the factors noted above. 
 
 As a vertically-integrated company, we include intercompany sales from materials to products and from products to services when assessing the operating results of our business. We refer to revenue inclusive of intercompany sales as gross revenue. These intercompany transactions are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. Gross revenue by product was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Revenue by product : Aggregates 235,718 223,593 12,125 5.4 634,363 616,257 18,106 2.9 Cement 352,146 116,285 235,861 202.8 981,115 270,916 710,199 262.1 Ready-mix concrete 376,081 213,546 162,535 76.1 1,081,530 552,516 529,014 95.7 Asphalt 115,607 117,981 (2,374) (2.0) 221,426 236,624 (15,198) (6.4) Paving and related services 184,060 195,012 (10,952) (5.6) 370,486 386,740 (16,254) (4.2) Other (92,475) (71,620) (20,855) (29.1) (194,506) (103,718) (90,788) (87.5) Total revenue 1,171,137 794,797 376,340 47.4 3,094,414 1,959,335 1,135,079 57.9 
 
 Revenue by product includes intercompany and intracompany sales transferred at market value. The elimination of intracompany transactions is included in Other. Revenue from the liquid asphalt terminals is included in asphalt revenue. 
 
 Detail of our volumes and average selling prices by product for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Volume(1) Volume(1) Percentage Change in (in thousands) Pricing(2) (in thousands) Pricing(2) Volume Pricing Aggregates 15,368 15.34 15,654 14.28 (1.8) 7.4 Cement 2,261 155.76 746 155.79 203.1 Ready-mix concrete 2,254 166.85 1,383 154.39 63.0 8.1 Asphalt 1,292 89.47 1,385 85.20 (6.7) 5.0 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Volume(1) Volume(1) Percentage Change in (in thousands) Pricing(2) (in thousands) Pricing(2) Volume Pricing Aggregates 41,780 15.18 44,622 13.81 (6.4) 9.9 Cement 6,375 153.89 1,787 151.58 256.7 1.5 Ready-mix concrete 6,527 165.71 3,667 150.66 78.0 10.0 Asphalt 2,523 87.77 2,805 84.36 (10.1) 4.0 
 
 (1) Volumes are shown in tons for aggregates, cement and asphalt and in cubic yards for ready-mix concrete. 
 (2) Pricing is shown on a per ton basis for aggregates, cement and asphalt and on a per cubic yard basis for ready-mix concrete. 
 
 Revenue from aggregates increased 12.1 million and 18.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, strong organic price increases were partially offset by lower organic aggregate volumes. Organic aggregate volumes decreased 5.5 in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period a year ago, primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions in certain geographies noted below. Aggregates average sales price of 15.18 per ton increased 9.9 in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the first nine months of 2023, due to pricing actions designed to more than offset current inflationary conditions and reflect the value our products have in our markets. We continue to focus on value pricing in our local markets. 
 
 Revenue from cement increased 235.9 million and 710.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily due to our combination with Argos USA. In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, organic cement average sales prices increased 3.9 and 5.6 , respectively. 
 
 Revenue from ready-mix concrete increased 162.5 million and 529.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily due to our combination with Argos USA. In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, our organic ready-mix concrete volumes decreased 10.0 and 13.0 , respectively, and our organic average sales prices increased 5.5 and 6.3 , respectively. 
 
 Revenue from asphalt decreased 2.4 million and 15.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily due to divestitures completed in 2023. In the first nine months of 2024, organic volumes decreased by 1.1 due to unfavorable weather conditions in 2024. In the first nine months of 2024, organic pricing increased 3.1 , with pricing gains across most of our major markets. 
 
 Other Financial Information 
 
 Transaction and Integration Costs 
 
 Our transaction and integration costs were 13.7 million and 86.1 million in three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and 17.4 million and 19.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, 12.8 million and 83.9 million, respectively, and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, 17.9 million and 17.9 million, respectively, of the transaction and integration costs were related to costs associated with the Transaction. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Our interest expense was 50.9 million and 155.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and 28.0 million and 83.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Our 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 total debt balance has increased period over period due to the increased debt levels related to the Transaction, resulting in higher interest expense in 2024, which is expected to continue for the remainder of 2024. 
 
 Loss on Debt Financings 
 
 In January 2024, in connection with the Transaction, we entered into Amendment No. 7 to the Credit Agreement, which established new term loans as well as increased availability under the revolving credit facility, among other things. As a result, we recognized 5.4 million of charges related to write off of the original issue discount and unamortized deferred financing fees. 
 
 In July 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement which reduced the applicable margin on the Term SOFR borrowings from 2.50 to 1.75 per annum. As a result, we recognized 7.2 million of charges related to write off of the original issue discount and unamortized deferred financing fees. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement (Benefit) 
 
 In the third quarter of 2023, we acquired certain interests in our TRA agreement for 122.9 million, and recognized a benefit of 153.1 million reflecting the difference between the carrying value of the related TRA liability and the cash payments made to acquire the interests. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Our income tax expense was 33.5 million and 48.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and our income tax expense was 23.9 million and 39.9 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate for Summit Inc. differs from the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to (1) basis differences in assets divested, (2) tax depletion expense in excess of the expense recorded under U.S. GAAP, (3) state taxes, (4) various other items such as limitations on meals and entertainment, certain stock compensation, non-deductible compensation paid to covered employees, and other costs. 
 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, as well as consideration of tax-planning strategies we may seek to utilize net operating loss carryforwards that begin to expire in 2030. 
 
 As of each of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, Summit Inc. had a valuation allowance of 1.1 million, which relates to certain deferred tax assets in taxable entities where realization is not more likely than not. 

Segment results of operations 
 
 West Segment 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenue 492,006 461,094 30,912 6.7 1,199,291 1,095,502 103,789 9.5 Operating income 95,787 89,608 6,179 6.9 179,140 170,001 9,139 5.4 Operating margin percentage 19.5 19.4 14.9 15.5 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 128,381 117,846 10,535 8.9 273,366 255,041 18,325 7.2 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 26.1 25.6 22.8 23.3 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures that we find helpful in monitoring the performance of our business. See "Non-GAAP Performance Measures" below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 Net revenue in the West segment increased 30.9 million and 103.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, due to revenue increases in ready-mix concrete and from the impact of the Transaction. Organic aggregates average sales prices increased 5.5 and 7.1 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as price increases were implemented across all geographies. Organic aggregate volumes decreased 5.7 in the nine month period due, in part, to unfavorable weather conditions and, to a lesser degree, decrease in demand in our South 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Texas and British Columbia markets, as compared to the first nine months of 2023. Organic ready-mix concrete volumes decreased 13.3 , while our organic ready-mix concrete average sales prices increased 6.2 in the first nine months of 2024. As we expected, as interest rates remain elevated, our residential and nonresidential end markets have been impacted in the Intermountain West and South Texas markets. These conditions are affecting, to varying degrees, our largest markets, Houston, Phoenix and Salt Lake City. 
 
 The West segment s operating income increased 6.2 million and 9.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA increased 10.5 million and 18.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, due to the price increases noted above and from the impact of the acquisition of Argos USA ready-mix concrete plants in the Houston market which accounted for 1.5 million and 6.0 million, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 26.1 from 25.6 and decreased to 22.8 from 23.3 during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. The operating margin percentage in the West segment decreased in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 due to product mix and the impact of adverse weather conditions particularly in the Houston market as well as product mix from the Transaction. 
 
 Gross revenue by product/ service was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Revenue by product : Aggregates 116,210 114,437 1,773 1.5 303,086 305,209 (2,123) (0.7) Ready-mix concrete 210,668 190,421 20,247 10.6 571,756 486,331 85,425 17.6 Asphalt 115,607 110,172 5,435 4.9 221,010 216,685 4,325 2.0 Paving and related services 184,045 177,191 6,854 3.9 369,478 345,685 23,793 6.9 Other (87,459) (95,583) 8,124 8.5 (168,339) (175,652) 7,313 4.2 Total revenue 539,071 496,638 42,433 8.5 1,296,991 1,178,258 118,733 10.1 
 
 Revenue by product includes intercompany and intracompany sales transferred at market value. The elimination of intracompany transactions is included in Other. Revenue from the liquid asphalt terminals is included in asphalt revenue. 
 
 The West segment s percent changes in sales volumes and pricing in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended Percentage Change in Percentage Change in Volume Pricing Volume Pricing Aggregates (4.4) 6.2 (8.1) 8.0 Ready-mix concrete 7.1 3.3 12.8 4.2 Asphalt 0.4 4.5 (1.1) 3.1 
 
 Revenue from aggregates in the West segment increased 1.8 million and decreased 2.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Aggregates pricing for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased 6.2 and 8.0 , respectively, when compared to the same period in 2023. A 4.4 decrease in sales volumes in the third quarter of 2024 was more than offset by increased average sales prices in all of our major markets. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, aggregate volumes decreased in our British Columbia and our weather-impacted South Texas market, which more than offset increases in our Intermountain West and North Texas markets. 
 
 Revenue from ready-mix concrete in the West segment increased 20.2 million and 85.4 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, primarily resulting from the acquisition of the Argos USA ready-mix plants in the Houston market. For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, our organic ready-mix concrete volumes decreased 10.4 and 13.3 , respectively, which was partially offset by increased organic ready-mix concrete prices of 5.4 and 6.2 , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, our organic ready-mix concrete volumes decreased due to unfavorable weather in our South Texas market and reduced private end-market activity. 
 
 Revenue from asphalt in the West segment increased 5.4 million and 4.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, asphalt volumes were flat and decreased 1.1 , respectively, primarily due to unfavorable timing of activity in Intermountain West markets. Average sales prices for asphalt increased 4.5 and 3.1 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Revenue for 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 paving and related services in the West segment increased by 6.9 million and 23.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Prior to eliminations of intercompany transactions, the net effect of volume and pricing changes on gross revenue in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was approximately 35.7 million and 51.9 million, respectively. 
 
 East Segment 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenue 296,616 159,547 137,069 85.9 881,427 446,790 434,637 97.3 Operating income 50,721 34,221 16,500 48.2 111,595 68,788 42,807 62.2 Operating margin percentage 17.1 21.4 12.7 15.4 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 70,316 50,089 20,227 40.4 178,346 116,558 61,788 53.0 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 23.7 31.4 20.2 26.1 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures that we find helpful in monitoring the performance of our business. See "Non-GAAP Performance Measures" below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 Net revenue in the East segment increased 137.1 million and 434.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period a year ago, primarily due to the impact of the Transaction. Operating income increased 16.5 million and 42.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA increased 20.2 million and 61.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, which more than offset the negative impact to Adjusted EBITDA from three divestitures totaling 4.2 million and 11.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Operating income margin decreased to 17.1 from 21.4 and to 12.7 from 15.4 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA Margin decreased to 23.7 from 31.4 and to 20.2 from 26.1 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period a year ago, due to higher contribution from our acquired ready-mix concrete operations which have lower operating and Adjusted EBITDA margins than our aggregates line of businesses. 
 
 Gross revenue by product/ service was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Revenue by product : Aggregates 119,508 109,156 10,352 9.5 331,277 311,048 20,229 6.5 Ready-mix concrete 165,413 23,125 142,288 615.3 509,774 66,185 443,589 670.2 Asphalt 7,809 (7,809) 416 19,939 (19,523) (97.9) Paving and related services 15 17,821 (17,806) (99.9) 1,008 41,055 (40,047) (97.5) Other 23,906 18,929 4,977 26.3 75,120 55,539 19,581 35.3 Total revenue 308,842 176,840 132,002 74.6 917,595 493,766 423,829 85.8 
 
 Revenue by product includes intercompany and intracompany sales transferred at market value. The elimination of intracompany transactions is included in Other. Revenue from the liquid asphalt terminals is included in asphalt revenue. 
 
 The East segment s percent changes in sales volumes and pricing in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended Percentage Change in Percentage Change in Volume Pricing Volume Pricing Aggregates 1.1 8.3 (4.5) 11.6 Ready-mix concrete 475.2 24.2 514.7 25.2 Asphalt (100.0) (100.0) (98.5) 30.3 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue from aggregates in the East segment increased 10.4 million and 20.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period a year ago. Increases in aggregates average sales prices more than offset the impact of lower sales volumes in the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Aggregates pricing increased 8.3 and 11.6 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, due to price increases across all of our major markets. Aggregates volumes in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased 1.1 due to the timing of projects and decreased 4.5 in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, due to unfavorable weather and lower volumes in our Kansas markets. 
 
 Revenue from ready-mix concrete in the East segment increased 142.3 million and 443.6 million as ready-mix concrete volumes increased 475.2 and 514.7 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the acquisition of the Argos USA ready-mix concrete operations notably in Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, our ready-mix concrete average sales prices increased 25.2 due to higher prices in our recently acquired Florida, Carolinas and Georgia markets. 
 
 Due to a 2024 divestiture, revenue from asphalt decreased 7.8 million and 19.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in 2023. Asphalt pricing increased 30.3 in the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Paving and related service revenue decreased 17.8 million and 40.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Prior to eliminations of intercompany transactions, the net effect of volume and pricing changes on gross revenue in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was approximately 373.0 million and 71.3 million, respectively. 
 
 Cement Segment 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenue 323,224 121,319 201,905 166.4 879,828 287,311 592,517 206.2 Operating income 92,775 38,250 54,525 142.5 202,459 73,343 129,116 176.0 Operating margin percentage 28.7 31.5 23.0 25.5 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 140,079 50,355 89,724 178.2 340,302 103,237 237,065 229.6 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 43.3 41.5 38.7 35.9 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures that we find helpful in monitoring the performance of our business. See "Non-GAAP Performance Measures" below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 Net revenue in the Cement segment increased 201.9 million and 592.5 million primarily due to the acquisition of the four Argos USA cement plants, as well as an average sales price remaining flat and increasing 1.5 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Operating income increased 54.5 million and 129.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, despite increased depreciation expense resulting from the revaluation of assets from our combination with Argos USA. Operating margin percentage for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased to 28.7 from 31.5 and to 23.0 from 25.5 , respectively, from the comparable period a year ago for the same reason. In the three months ended September 28, 2024, Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 43.3 from 41.5 due to a positive price, net of cost relationship and favorable mix that more than offset lower volumes and weather-related cost headwinds. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 38.7 from 35.9 due to a combination of reduced seasonality relative to the prior year, pricing gains, and integration synergy realization. 
 
 Gross revenue by product was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Revenue by product : Cement 352,146 116,285 235,861 202.8 981,115 270,916 710,199 262.1 Other (28,922) 5,034 (33,956) (674.5) (101,287) 16,395 (117,682) (717.8) Total revenue 323,224 121,319 201,905 166.4 879,828 287,311 592,517 206.2 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Revenue by product includes intercompany and intracompany sales transferred at market value. Revenue from waste processing and the elimination of intracompany transactions is included in Other. 
 
 The Cement segment s percent changes in sales volumes and pricing in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended Percentage Change in Percentage Change in Volume Pricing Volume Pricing Cement 203.1 256.7 1.5 
 
 Revenue from cement increased 235.9 million and 710.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, due to the addition of the four Argos USA cement plants as well as average cement pricing gains of 1.5 . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash on-hand, cash provided by operations, amounts available for borrowing under our senior secured credit facilities and capital-raising activities in the debt and capital markets. In addition to our current sources of liquidity, we have access to liquidity through public offerings of shares of our Class A common stock. To facilitate such offerings, in January 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that will expire in January 2026. The amount of Class A common stock to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific limit on the amount we may issue. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of the proceeds thereof, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had 737.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and 1,162.6 million of working capital compared to 374.2 million and 609.2 million, respectively, at December 30, 2023. Working capital is calculated as current assets less current liabilities. There was no restricted cash balances as of September 28, 2024 and 800 million of restricted cash as of December 30, 2023 related to the Transaction. In January 2024, we amended our senior secured revolving credit facility, increasing the total availability to 625.0 million and extending the maturity date to January 2029. We had no outstanding borrowings on our senior secured revolving credit facility, which had borrowing capacity of 592.7 million as of September 28, 2024, which is net of 32.3 million of outstanding letters of credit and is fully available to us within the terms and covenant requirements of our Credit Agreement. 
 
 In March 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, whereby we can repurchase up to 250.0 million of our Class A common stock. No repurchases were made during the nine month period ended September 28, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, approximately 149.0 million remained available for share repurchases under the share repurchase program. 
 
 Given the seasonality of our business, we typically experience significant fluctuations in working capital needs and balances throughout the year. Our working capital requirements generally increase during the first half of the year as we build up inventory and focus on repair and maintenance and other set-up costs for the upcoming season. Working capital levels then decrease as the construction season winds down and we enter the winter months, which is when we see significant inflows of cash from the collection of receivables. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, our long-term borrowings totaled 2.8 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively, for which we incurred 46.7 million and 142.3 million of interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and 24.8 million and 74.0 million of interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We expect that normal operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund our seasonal working capital needs. We had no outstanding borrowings on the senior secured revolving credit facility as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 We believe we have access to sufficient financial resources from our liquidity sources to fund our business and operations, including contractual obligations, capital expenditures and debt service obligations, for the next twelve months and foreseeable future. Our growth strategy contemplates future acquisitions for which we believe we have sufficient access to capital. We also plan to divest of certain dilutive businesses as we rationalize our portfolio, which will also generate additional capital. 
 
 We and our affiliates may from time to time purchase our outstanding debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Purchases or retirement of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Indebtedness 
 
 Please refer to the notes to the consolidated interim financial statements for detailed information about our long-term debt, scheduled maturities of long-term debt and affirmative and negative covenants, including the maximum allowable consolidated first lien net leverage ratio. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, 2.8 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively, of total debt was outstanding under our respective debt agreements. Due to our ongoing divestiture program, we have made prepayments on our term loan and may be required to do so again in the future. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our net cash used in or provided by operating, investing and financing activities and our capital expenditures in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Summit Inc. in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 344,200 243,624 Investing activities (1,244,574) (415,532) Financing activities 464,786 (151,183) 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was 344.2 million primarily as a result of: 
 
 Net income of 144.0 million, decreased by non-cash expenses, including 310.2 million of depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense and 20.9 million of share-based compensation, offset by the net gain on asset and business disposals of 19.2 million. 
 Billed and unbilled accounts receivable increased by 154.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 as a result of the seasonality of our business. The majority of our sales occur in the spring, summer and fall and we typically incur an increase in accounts receivable (net billed and unbilled) during the second and third quarters of each year. This amount is typically converted to cash in the fourth and first quarters. Our inventory levels also increased during the first quarter as we prepared for the increase in activity over the warmer months. 
 The timing of payments associated with accounts payable and accrued expenses of cash, which is consistent with the seasonality of our business whereby we build-up inventory levels and incur repairs and maintenance costs to ready the business for increased sales volumes in the summer and fall. These costs are typically incurred in the first half of the year and paid by year-end. In addition, we made 139.1 million of interest payments in the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 243.6 million primarily as a result of: 
 
 Net income of 286.2 million, decreased by non-cash expenses, including 168.8 million of depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense and 15.1 million of share-based compensation, offset by the net gain on asset disposals of 5.8 million. 
 Billed and unbilled accounts receivable increased by 141.8 million in the first nine months of 2023 as a result of the seasonality of our business. The majority of our sales occur in the spring, summer and fall and we typically incur an increase in accounts receivable (net billed and unbilled) during the second and third quarters of each year. This amount is typically converted to cash in the fourth and first quarters. Our inventory levels also increased during the first quarter as we prepared for the increase in activity over the warmer months. 
 The timing of payments associated with accounts payable and accrued expenses of cash, which is consistent with the seasonality of our business whereby we build-up inventory levels and incur repairs and maintenance costs to ready the business for increased sales volumes in the summer and fall. These costs are typically incurred in the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 first half of the year and paid by year-end. In addition, we made 88.4 million of interest payments in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We recognized a tax receivable benefit of 153.1 million related to acquiring certain TRA interests at less than their carrying value. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, cash used for investing activities was 1,244.6 million, of which 1,065.0 million was used primarily for the Transaction, 275.1 million was invested in capital expenditures, 21.4 million was used to purchase intellectual property and was partially offset by 21.0 million of proceeds from asset sales. We also received net proceeds of 98.9 million from the divestiture of four businesses. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used for investing activities was 415.5 million, of which 182.2 million was invested in capital expenditures and 239.5 million was used for acquisitions in the West and East segments, and was partially offset by 9.8 million of proceeds from asset sales. 
 
 Financing activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, cash provided by financing activities was 464.8 million, primarily related to the increase in our senior secured credit facility due to the Transaction. We also made 511.2 million of payments on debt, 6.9 million payments on acquisition-related liabilities, 17.9 million on debt issuance costs and used 9.9 million on shares redeemed to settle taxes on restricted stock units. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 151.2 million, primarily related to the purchase of certain TRA interests for 122.9 million. We also made 8.5 million of payments on debt, 12.2 million payments on acquisition-related liabilities and used 7.2 million on shares redeemed to settle taxes on restricted stock units. 
 
 Cash paid for capital expenditures 
 
 We paid cash of approximately 275.1 million in capital expenditures in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 182.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 We currently estimate that we will invest between 390 million to 410 million inclusive of spend associated with greenfield projects. The timing of our greenfield expenditures is dependent upon the timing of when permits may be issued. We expect to fund our capital expenditure program through cash on hand, cash from operations, and outside financing arrangements including our senior secured revolving credit facility. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 When the Company purchases LP Units for cash or LP Units are exchanged for shares of Class A common stock, this results in increases in the Company s share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Summit Holdings. These increases in tax basis may increase, for tax purposes, depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Summit Inc. would otherwise be required to pay in the future. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into a TRA with the holders of the LP Units that provides for the payment by Summit Inc. to exchanging holders of LP Units of 85 of the benefits, if any, that Summit Inc. actually realizes (or, under certain circumstances such as an early termination of the TRA is deemed to realize) as a result of these increases in tax basis and certain other tax benefits related to entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. The amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, are difficult to accurately estimate, as they will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the amount and timing of our income and the effective tax rate. 
 
 We anticipate funding payments under the TRA from cash flows from operations, available cash and available borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility. As of September 28, 2024, we had accrued 48.0 million as TRA liability in our consolidated financial statements. Of the total TRA liability, 0.3 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, Summit Inc. acquired the remaining 763,243 LP Units in exchange for an equal number of newly-issued shares of Summit Inc. s Class A common stock. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had recorded 48.0 million and 41.7 million of TRA liability, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, based on a contractually defined discount rate of 6.38 , if the early termination provisions of the TRA were triggered, the aggregate amount required to settle the TRA would be approximately 26.6 million. Estimating the amount and the timing of payments that may be made under the TRA is by its nature difficult and imprecise, insofar as the amounts payable depends on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the timing of the generation of future taxable income. 
 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 
 We are party to certain legal actions arising from the ordinary course of business activities. Accruals are recorded when the outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated. While the ultimate results of claims and litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management expects that the ultimate resolution of all pending or threatened claims and litigation will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. We record legal fees as incurred. 
 
 Litigation and claims On January 4, 2021, prior to the closing of the Transaction, Argos USA entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement DPA with the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ related to the sale of ready-mix concrete in the greater Savannah, Georgia area by a small number of employees who joined the Company in October 2011 and were subsequently terminated. Pursuant to the DPA, Argos USA paid a monetary penalty of 20.0 million and was required, among other things, to periodically review and update its antitrust compliance program. The three-year term of the DPA expired on January 4, 2024. As Argos USA fully complied with the terms of the DPA, on January 18, 2024, following the conclusion of the DPA s three-year term, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Georgia dismissed the criminal charge that was filed against the company in January 2021. Argos USA's failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the DPA could result in additional criminal prosecution or penalties as well as continued expenses in defending these proceedings. In addition, Argos USA has been named a defendant in a putative class action filed under the caption Pro Slab, Inc. et al. v. Argos USA LLC et al. on behalf of purchasers of ready-mix concrete on November 22, 2017 in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina and includes allegations of price-fixing, market allocation and other anti-competitive practices in the Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina markets, seeking monetary damages and other remedies. This case was stayed on February 9, 2022 pending the resolution of the same criminal indictments, and only limited, written discovery may proceed while this stay is in effect. 
 
 On June 13, 2023, prior to the closing of the Transaction, Argos USA entered into a settlement and compliance agreement with the Federal Highway Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation that requires, among other things, appointment of an independent monitor until June 2025 to monitor, among other things, bids or awards of publicly funded contracts in Georgia and South Carolina for our ready-mix and cement business, as well as our code of business conduct, antitrust compliance policy, and antitrust compliance program. 
 
 Environmental Remediation Our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety and other regulatory matters. These operations require environmental operating permits, which are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. We regularly monitor and review its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. Despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of our business, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses and there can be no assurance that environmental liabilities and noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Other We are obligated under various firm purchase commitments for certain raw materials and services that are in the ordinary course of business. Management does not expect any significant changes in the market value of these goods and services during the commitment period that would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company. The terms of the purchase commitments generally approximate one year. 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 Summit LLC s domestic wholly-owned subsidiary companies other than Summit Finance Corp. are named as guarantors (collectively, the Guarantors of the Senior Notes. Summit Finance Corp. (the Subsidiary Issuer does not and will not have any assets or operations other than as may be incidental to its activities as a co-issuer of the Senior Notes and other indebtedness. Certain other partially-owned subsidiaries and a non-U.S. entity do not guarantee the Senior Notes 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 (collectively, the Non-Guarantors ). The Guarantors provide a joint and several, full and unconditional guarantee of the Senior Notes. As of September 28, 2024, Summit LLC had issued and outstanding 1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing on various dates between 2027 and 2031. For Further information regarding the Senior Notes, see the information under the caption "Senior Notes" note 6, Debt in the notes to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 There are no significant restrictions on Summit LLC s ability to obtain funds from any of the Guarantors in the form of dividends or loans. Additionally, there are no significant restrictions on a Guarantor s ability to obtain funds from Summit LLC or its direct or indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 The obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest are guaranteed jointly and severally on an unsecured senior basis by Summit LLC and substantially all of its 100 owned subsidiaries. The guarantees are full and unconditional, and the Subsidiary Issuer and each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are consolidated subsidiaries of Summit LLC. Our Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries do not guarantee the Senior Notes. Our material operations are conducted almost entirely through the Guarantor Subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Subsidiary Issuer s cash flow and ability to service the Senior Notes is dependent upon the earnings of the Company s subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings to the Subsidiary Issuer, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. The obligations of the Guarantors under their guarantees will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally) under applicable law. Summarized financial information regarding the Issuer and the Guarantors has been omitted herein because such information would not be materially different from our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Our Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries collectively represented approximately 2.8 of our total assets, 3.6 of our total liabilities, 2.8 of consolidated revenue, and 4.6 of consolidated operating income as of September 28, 2024, which is not materially different than corresponding amounts included in the consolidated financial statements of the Guarantors. As of September 28, 2024, our Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries had no indebtedness outstanding other than intercompany debt. Summit Inc. has an additional 8.1 million in cash, 47.7 million of tax receivable agreement liability, 51.2 million income tax expense and a lower deferred tax liability of 80.9 million when compared to Summit LLC. Summit Inc. and Summit LLC have eliminating payables and receivables, respectively, of tax receivable agreement interests of 122.6 million. Financial metrics comparing information regarding Summit LLC have been omitted herein because such information would not be materially different, other than what is disclosed above, from our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Off-Balance sheet arrangements 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 
 We evaluate our operating performance using metrics that we refer to as Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Cash Gross Profit and Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin which are not defined by U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by U.S. GAAP. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA ("EBITDA" refers to net income (loss) before interest expense (income), income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation, depletion and amortization), adjusted to exclude accretion, loss on debt financings, acquisition and integration costs related to our combination with Argos USA, gain on sale of business, non-cash compensation and certain other non-cash and non-operating items. We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenue. We define Adjusted Cash Gross Profit as operating income before general and administrative expenses, depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion and Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin as Adjusted Cash Gross Profit as a percentage of net revenue. 
 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Cash Gross Profit and Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin for the convenience of investment professionals who use such metrics in their analyses. The investment community often uses these metrics to assess the operating performance of a company s business and to provide a consistent comparison of performance from period to period. We use these metrics, among others, to assess the operating performance of our individual segments and the consolidated company. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized; therefore, it may not be possible to compare such financial measures with other companies non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. We strongly encourage investors to review our consolidated financial statements in their entirety and not rely on any single financial measure. 
 
 The tables below reconcile our net income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, present Adjusted EBITDA by segment and reconcile operating income to Adjusted Cash Gross Profit and Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin for the periods indicated: 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA Three months ended September 28, 2024 by Segment West East Cement Corporate Consolidated in thousands) Net income (loss) 103,334 49,444 99,531 (147,131) 105,178 Interest (income) expense (8,330) (5,597) (6,563) 71,406 50,916 Income tax expense 1,611 31,930 33,541 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 31,766 18,284 46,044 1,922 98,016 EBITDA 128,381 62,131 139,012 (41,873) 287,651 Accretion 452 656 35 1,143 Loss on debt financings 7,157 7,157 Loss on sale of businesses 59 7,024 7,083 Non-cash compensation 6,729 6,729 Argos USA acquisition and integration costs (1) 261 1,032 11,529 12,822 Other (2) (511) 244 (7,646) (7,913) Adjusted EBITDA 128,381 70,316 140,079 (24,104) 314,672 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA Nine months ended September 28, 2024 by Segment West East Cement Corporate Consolidated in thousands) Net income (loss) 205,223 135,369 223,311 (419,920) 143,983 Interest (income) expense (22,827) (15,577) (19,203) 213,264 155,657 Income tax expense 3,420 44,872 48,292 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 91,484 63,684 134,931 6,259 296,358 EBITDA 277,300 183,476 339,039 (155,525) 644,290 Accretion 1,342 1,706 121 3,169 Loss on debt financings 12,610 12,610 Gain on sale of businesses (3,769) (7,891) (11,660) Non-cash compensation 20,862 20,862 Argos USA acquisition and integration costs (1) 323 1,142 82,388 83,853 Other (2) (1,507) 732 (20,286) (21,061) Adjusted EBITDA 273,366 178,346 340,302 (59,951) 732,063 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA Three months ended September 30, 2023 by Segment West East Cement Corporate Consolidated in thousands) Net income 92,652 37,350 43,347 59,376 232,725 Interest (income) expense (4,068) (3,055) (5,135) 40,271 28,013 Income tax expense 1,644 22,264 23,908 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 28,443 15,103 12,123 1,022 56,691 EBITDA 118,671 49,398 50,335 122,933 341,337 Accretion 258 483 20 761 Tax receivable agreement benefit (153,080) (153,080) Non-cash compensation 5,192 5,192 Argos USA acquisition and integration costs (1) 17,859 17,859 Other (2) (1,083) 208 (2,675) (3,550) Adjusted EBITDA 117,846 50,089 50,355 (9,771) 208,519 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA Nine months ended September 30, 2023 by Segment West East Cement Corporate Consolidated in thousands) Net income (loss) 179,928 77,936 88,193 (59,816) 286,241 Interest (income) expense (10,777) (8,707) (14,988) 117,807 83,335 Income tax expense 3,861 36,062 39,923 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 82,450 45,454 29,973 3,044 160,921 EBITDA 255,462 114,683 103,178 97,097 570,420 Accretion 768 1,385 59 2,212 Loss on debt financings 493 493 Tax receivable agreement benefit (153,080) (153,080) Non-cash compensation 15,116 15,116 Argos USA acquisition and integration costs (1) 17,859 17,859 Other (2) (1,189) 490 (10,856) (11,555) Adjusted EBITDA 255,041 116,558 103,237 (33,371) 441,465 
 
 (1) The adjustment for acquisition and integration costs related to the Transaction is comprised of finder's fees, advisory, legal and professional fees incurred relating to the Transaction. 
 (2) Consists primarily of interest income earned on cash balances. 
 
 Reconciliation of Working Capital September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 in thousands) Total current assets 1,715,395 932,124 Less total current liabilities (552,831) (322,965) Working capital 1,162,564 609,159 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended Reconciliation of Operating Income to Adjusted Cash Gross Profit September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 in thousands) Operating income 194,651 127,983 322,694 242,141 General and administrative expenses 78,916 50,895 231,317 150,731 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 99,159 57,452 299,527 163,133 Transaction and integration costs 13,656 17,442 86,129 19,518 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment (3,555) (2,134) (7,583) (5,787) Adjusted Cash Gross Profit (exclusive of items shown separately) 382,827 251,638 932,084 569,736 Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin (exclusive of items shown separately) (1) 34.4 33.9 31.5 31.1 
 
 (1) Adjusted Cash Gross Profit Margin, which we define as Adjusted Cash Gross Profit as a percentage of net revenue. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. 
 
 Please refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates described in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2024, from which there have been no material changes. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires additional information regarding income taxes paid and specific categories in the rate reconciliation. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the additional disclosure requirements and beginning to assess the impact of adopting this ASU. 
 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which expands disclosure about significant segment expenses. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the additional disclosure requirements and beginning to assess the impact of adopting this ASU. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to certain market risks arising from transactions that are entered into in the normal course of business. Our operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction industry as well as the general economic environment. Consequently, these marketplaces could experience lower levels of economic activity in an environment of rising interest rates or escalating costs. For a discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, please refer to the Annual Report from which our exposure to market risk has not materially changed. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Consistent with guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of internal controls over financial reporting of a recently acquired business may be omitted from management's evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, management is excluding an assessment of such internal controls of Argos USA from its evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. The Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Argos USA in January 2024. Argos USA represented approximately 46.5 of the Company s consolidated total assets at September 28, 2024. Argos USA net revenue included in the Company s consolidated results for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 was 415.2 million. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company's management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of Summit Inc. s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 28, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, The Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 28, 2024, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during their last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, their internal control over financial reporting, except that, as reported above, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Argos USA in January 2024. As a result, the Company is currently integrating Argos USA s operations in its overall system of internal control over financial reporting and, if necessary, will make appropriate changes as it integrates Argos USA into its overall internal control over financial reporting process. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information set forth under Note 12, "Commitments and Contingencies," to our unaudited consolidated financial statements is incorporated herein by reference. Consistent with the requirements of Item 103 of SEC Regulation S-K, the Company's threshold for disclosing environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority is potential monetary sanctions that management believes will meet or exceed 1 million. Applying this threshold, there are no material environmental matters to disclose for the period covered by this report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023, except as previously updated by our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended March 30, 2024. The information below updates, and should be read in conjunction with, the risk factors and information disclosed under Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023, as updated by the information disclosed under Part II, Item 1A, of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended March 30, 2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 The information concerning mine safety violations and other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this report. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 2.1 
 Transaction Agreement, dated September 7, 2023, among Summit Materials, Inc., Argos North America, Corp., Cementos Argos S.A., Argos SEM LLC, and Valle Cement Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 8, 2023). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Summit Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Summit Materials, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Summit Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Summit Materials, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of the Voting Series A Non-Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Summit Materials, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2024 (File No. 001-36873)). 
 10.1 Amendment No. 8, dated as of July 25, 2024, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2015 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 19, 2017, Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 21, 2017, Amendment No. 3, dated as of May 22, 2018, Amendment No. 4, dated as of February 25, 2019, Amendment No. 5, dated as of December 14, 2022, Amendment No. 6, dated as of January 10, 2023 and Amendment No. 7, dated as of January 12, 2024) among Summit Materials, LLC, as the borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Summit Materials, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 25, 2024). 
 31.1 Summit Materials, Inc. s Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Summit Materials, Inc. s Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Summit Materials, Inc. s Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Summit Materials, Inc. s Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document With Embedded Linkbase Documents 104.1 Cover Page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, 
 formatted in Inline XBRL (and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Certain sensitive personally identifiable information in this exhibit was omitted by means of redacting a portion of the text and replacing it with [ ] 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them other than for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SUMMIT MATERIALS, INC. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Anne P. Noonan Anne P. Noonan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ C. Scott Anderson C. Scott Anderson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Brian D. Frantz Brian D. Frantz Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31110q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Anne P. Noonan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Summit Materials, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Anne P. Noonan Anne P. Noonan Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31210q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, C. Scott Anderson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Summit Materials, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s C. Scott Anderson C. Scott Anderson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32110q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Summit Materials, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anne P. Noonan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Anne P. Noonan Anne P. Noonan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32210q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Summit Materials, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, C. Scott Anderson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s C. Scott Anderson C. Scott Anderson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 6
 exhibit95110q32024.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 

Exhibit 95.1 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 The operation of Summit Materials, Inc. s and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company s domestic aggregates quarries and mines are subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). MSHA inspects the Company s quarries and mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. Whenever MSHA issues a citation or order, it also generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, related to the alleged violation. Citations or orders may be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company is required to present information regarding certain mining safety and health citations which MSHA has issued with respect to its aggregates mining operations in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the quarry or mine and types of operations (underground or surface) (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and location to location and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process, may be reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 
 The Company has provided the information below in response to the rules and regulations of the SEC issued under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. The disclosures reflect U.S. mining operations only, as the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and the SEC rules and regulations thereunder do not apply to the Company's quarries and mines operated outside the United States. 
 
 The Company presents the following items regarding certain mining safety and health matters for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 as applicable (Appendix 1) 
 
 Total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard under Section 104 of the Mine Act for which the Company has received a citation from MSHA (hereinafter, Section 104 S&S Citations ). If MSHA determines that a violation of a mandatory health or safety standard is likely to result in a reasonably serious injury or illness under the unique circumstance contributed to by the violation, MSHA will classify the violation as a significant and substantial violation (commonly referred to as a S&S violation). MSHA inspectors will classify each citation or order written as a S&S violation or not. 
 
 Total number of orders issued under Section 104(b) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 104(b) Orders ). These orders are issued for situations in which MSHA determines a previous violation covered by a Section 104(a) citation has not been totally abated within the prescribed time period, so a further order is needed to require the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons (except authorized persons) from the affected area of a quarry or mine. 
 
 Total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(d) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 104(d) Citations and Orders ). These violations are similar to those described above, but the standard is that the violation could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a safety or health hazard, but the conditions do not cause imminent danger, and the MSHA inspector finds that the violation is caused by an unwarranted failure of the operator to comply with the health and safety standards. 
 
 Total number of flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 110(b)(2) Violations ). These violations are penalty violations issued if MSHA determines that violations are flagrant , for which civil penalties may be assessed. A flagrant violation means a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 

Total number of imminent danger orders issued under Section 107(a) of the Mine Act (hereinafter, Section 107(a) Orders ). These orders are issued for situations in which MSHA determines an imminent danger exists in the quarry or mine and results in orders of immediate withdrawal of all persons (except certain authorized persons) from the area of the quarry or mine affected by its condition until the imminent danger and the underlying conditions causing the imminent danger no longer exist. 
 
 Total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act. These are the amounts of proposed assessments issued by MSHA with each citation or order for the time period covered by the reports. Penalties are assessed by MSHA according to a formula that considers a number of factors, including the mine operator s history, size, negligence, gravity of the violation, good faith in trying to correct the violation promptly, and the effect of the penalty on the operator s ability to continue in business. 
 
 Total number of mining-related fatalities. Mines subject to the Mine Act are required to report all fatalities occurring at their facilities unless the fatality is determined to be non-chargeable to the mining industry. The final rules of the SEC require disclosure of mining-related fatalities at mines subject to the Mine Act. Only fatalities determined by MSHA not to be mining-related may be excluded. 
 
 Receipt of written notice from MSHA of a pattern (or a potential to have such a pattern) of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of other mine health or safety hazards under Section 104(e) of the Mine Act. If MSHA determines that a mine has a pattern of these types of violations, or the potential to have such a pattern, MSHA is required to notify the mine operator of the existence of such a thing. 
 
 Legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the Commission pending as of the last day of period. 
 
 Legal actions before the Commission initiated during period. 
 
 Legal actions before the Commission resolved during period. 
 
 The Commission is an independent adjudicative agency that provides administrative trial and appellate review of legal disputes arising under the Mine Act. The cases may involve, among other questions, challenges by operators to citations, orders and penalties they have received from MSHA, or complaints of discrimination by miners under Section 105 of the Mine Act. There were no legal actions pending before the Commission for any of the Company s quarries or mines, as of or during the quarter ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Appendix 1 follows. 

Appendix 1 
 Total Received Total Dollar Total Received Written Total Number of Value of Number of Written Notice of Dollar Number of Section 104 Section 104(b) Section 104(d) Proposed Mining Notice Under Potential Number of Number of Value of Complaints of Number of S&S Citations and Citations and Section 110(b)(2) Section 107(a) MSHA Related Section 104(e) Violation under Contested Contested Penalties in Discharge or Name of Company Name or Operation MSHA ID State Inspections Citation Orders Orders Violations Orders Assessments Fatalities (yes no) 104(e) (yes no) Citations Penalties Contest Discrimination Alleyton Resources Altair Plant 4104375 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Hanna's Bend Plant 4104631 TX No No Alleyton Resources Duncan Plant 4105187 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Eagle Lake 4104889 TX No No Alleyton Resources Monahan 4104552 TX No No Alleyton Resources Columbus 4104393 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Hays Quarry 4104514 TX No No Alleyton Resources Ellinger 4104154 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Romayor 4104893 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Vox Plant 4105081 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Smith Plant 4105210 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Wegenhoft 4102916 TX 1 No No Alleyton Resources Spring 4105125 TX 1 No No American Materials Linden Plant 3102289 NC No No American Materials Andrews Quarry 3800757 SC 1 No No American Materials Black Creek Sand Mine 3800722 SC No No American Materials Edisto Sand 3800745 SC 1 No No American Materials Lanier Sand 3800535 SC No No American Materials Richardson Mine 3800719 SC 1 No No American Materials Greenville 2 3102353 NC 1 No No 1 1 679 American Materials DIXIANA MINE 3800125 SC 1 2,376 No No 2 2,376 American Materials Sumter County Sand 3800575 SC 1 No No American Materials IVANHOE PIT 3102011 NC No No Argos Roberta Plant 100629 AL 1 8 24,826 No No Argos Atlanta Grinding Plant 900182 GA No No Argos Harleyville Plant 3800305 SC 2 No No Argos Martinsburg Plant 4600007 WV 2 No No Argos Tampa Grinding Plant 800159 FL No No Argos Newberry Plant 801277 FL 3 7 114,079 No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Piney River Plant 4400035 VA No No Boxley Materials Boxley Carnsville 901265 GA 1 No No 

Boxley Materials Ocala 801377 FL No No Boxley Materials Broad River Crushed Stone, LLC 901225 GA 1 No No Boxley Materials Boxley Buckingham Slate Quarry 4400061 VA 1 No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Mt Athos Plant 4400106 VA No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Rich Patch Quarry 4406897 VA No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Fieldale Plant 4400074 VA No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Lawyers Rd Plt 4400015 VA 1 No No Boxley Materials Boxley Aggregates-Blue Ridge Plant 4400014 VA 1 No No Boxley Materials Georgia Stone Buckhorn Quarry 3800715 SC 1 No No Boxley Materials McLanahan Crushed Stone 900050 GA No No Boxley Materials Jefferson 901260 GA 1 No No Boxley Materials Georgia Stone Forsyth Quarry 901124 GA 1 No No Boxley Materials PSC1 - EXTEC 5000S Screen 4404196 VA 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Albany Plant 2302456 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Riggs 2302099 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Jeff City BQJC 2302221 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boon Quarries West 2300022 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Tipton 2301586 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boon Quarries East 2300078 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Millersburg 2300160 MO 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Big Spring 2300951 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Norris Quarries Stoner Sand 2302014 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boonville Quarry 2300097 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Plant # 81 2302296 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries- Sedalia 2302153 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Mid-Missouri Limestone Reform 2301447 MO 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Mid-Missouri Limestone 2302009 MO 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Norris Quarries Plant # 1 2301929 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Plant # 65 2301922 MO 1 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Stanberry Sand Plant 2301557 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Huntsville Quarry 2302004 MO No No Con-Agg of MO plant # 80 2302071 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Marshall Junction Quarry 2301253 MO No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Glasgow 2300084 MO 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Miami 2302585 MO 1 No No Con-Agg of MO Boone Quarries Gilliam 2300083 MO 1 No No Concrete Supply Oakland Sand River Plant 1401742 KS No No Continental Cement Company Hannibal Underground 2302434 MO 1 5 11,308 No No 7 Continental Cement Company Davenport Plant 1300125 IA 1 1 2,957 No No 3 Continental Cement Company Owensville Plant 2301038 MO No No 

Cornejo & Sons Augusta Quarry 1400126 KS 1 150 No No Cornejo & Sons Kingsbury 1400624 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #3 1401464 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Grove 1401539 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Severy Quarry 1401584 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #5 1401648 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Wichita Sand and Gravel 1400543 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Oxford Sand and Gravel 1400522 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Durbin Quarry 1401719 KS 2 400 No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #2 1401463 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #6 1401828 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #1 1401462 KS No No Cornejo & Sons Portable Plant #4 1400156 KS No No Diamond Back Materials Plant 1 Avondale 203390 AZ No No Hamm Companies Astec Portable 1401807 KS No No Hamm Companies B3200 Contractor B3200 KS No No Hamm Companies Buildex 2300319 MO 4 350 No No Hamm Companies Plant # 80002 1401583 KS No No Hamm Companies Lotawana Quarry 2301889 MO No No Hamm Companies Plant # 80013 1401609 KS 2 350 No No Hamm Companies Plant # 80011 1401470 KS 5 1 250 No No Hamm Companies Eagle Portable 1401816 KS No No Hamm Companies DeSoto Sand 1401302 KS No No Hamm Companies Plant #80012 1401472 KS No No Hamm Companies LouisBurg Quarry 1400823 KS No No Hamm Companies Olathe Quarry 1401704 KS No No Hamm Companies Plant # 80003 1401474 KS No No Hamm Companies Plant # 80010 1401687 KS No No Hamm Companies Plant #80006 1401471 KS No No Hamm Companies Woodbine 1401470 KS 5 1 250 No No Hamm Companies Lip Man Rip Rap 1401709 KS No No Hamm Companies Silverlake Sand 1401702 KS No No Kilgore Companies Benjamin Quarry 4202528 UT No No Kilgore Companies Brigham 4202523 UT 1 147 No No Kilgore Companies Crusher 5 505047 CO No No Kilgore Companies Crusher 4 504594 CO No No Kilgore Companies Bluffdale Pit 4202179 UT No No Kilgore Companies Erda 4201479 UT No No Kilgore Companies Crusher 1 504296 CO No No Kilgore Companies Wash Plant 5 4201736 UT No No Kilgore Companies Valley Pit 4200400 UT 1 No No Kilgore Companies Crusher 3 504593 CO 1 No No Kilgore Companies Buckeye 203165 AZ No No Kilgore Companies West Valley 4201980 UT No No Kilgore Companies Crusher 2 504645 CO No No Kilgore Companies Cottonwood Quarry 505099 CO No No Kilgore Companies Maryland Creek 503800 CO No No Kilgore Companies Hyrum 4202360 UT No No 

Kilgore Companies PORTABLE CRUSHER UNIT B 4201963 UT No No Kilgore Companies Grey Goose 503869 CO No No Kilgore Companies Portable Crusher, Unit F 4202042 UT No No Kilgore Companies Pit 1 43rd 202867 AZ No No Kilgore Companies Mona Pit 4202212 UT 1 No No Kilgore Companies Rental Plant 1 504616 CO No No Kilgore Companies Washplant 3 504565 CO No No Kilgore Companies Highland Pit 4200941 UT No No Kilgore Companies Stockton Pit 4202480 UT No No Kilgore Companies Parleys Stone 4202102 UT No No Kilgore Companies Walker Pit 1000772 ID No No Kilgore Companies Herriman pit 4201823 UT 1 142 No No 1 1 147 Kilgore Companies Washplant 4 503809 CO No No Kilgore Companies Washplant 1 504873 CO No No RK Hall Construction Atoka Quarry 3402026 OK No No RK Hall Construction Kirby Crusher #15 301958 AR No No RK Hall Construction Clements Pit 41-4129 TX 1 No No RK Hall Construction XIT Quarry 4104785 TX 1 No No RK Hall Construction Sawyer Plant 3401950 OK 1 No No RK Hall Construction Pope's Point 3401930 OK No No Troy Vines Vines Sand and Gravel 4103348 TX 1 No No Troy Vines Vines Portable Plant 4103607 TX No No 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sum-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sum-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sum-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sum-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sum-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

