<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_895728_0000895728-24-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13753568</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162799</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1803430</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5602857</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3008046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2851554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000895728-24-000028.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101070429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000895728-24-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENBRIDGE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PIPE LINES (NO NATURAL GAS) [4610]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15254
		FILM NUMBER:		241417031

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 425 - 1ST STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 3L8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		403-231-3900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 425 - 1ST STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 3L8

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IPL ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940616

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERPROVINCIAL PIPE LINE SYSTEM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000895728-24-000028.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 enb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

enb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________________ 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 _______________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had common shares outstanding as at October 25, 2024. 

PART I PAGE Item 1. Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 68 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 68 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 68 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 68 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 68 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 69 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 69 
 Signatures 
 70 
 
 2 

GLOSSARY 
 
 "we", "our", "us" and "Enbridge" Enbridge Inc. Aitken Creek Aitken Creek Gas Storage Facility AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) EBITDA Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization EEP Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Enbridge Gas Ontario Enbridge Gas Inc. EOG The East Ohio Gas Company Exchange Act United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended LNG Liquefied natural gas MPLX MPLX LP NRGreen NRGreen Power Limited Partnership OCI Other comprehensive income/(loss) OEB Ontario Energy Board OPEB Other postretirement benefits Pembina Pembina Pipeline Corporation Phase 1 Decision The Ontario Energy Board's Decision and Order on December 21, 2023, on Phase 1 of Enbridge Gas Inc.'s application to establish a 2024 through 2028 Incentive Regulation rate setting framework PSNC Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated 
 Questar Questar Gas Company SEP Spectra Energy Partners, LP Texas Eastern Texas Eastern Transmission, LP the Acquisitions Enbridge Inc.'s acquisitions of three US gas utilities from Dominion Energy, Inc. the ATM Program The at-the-market equity issuance program the EOG Acquisition Enbridge Inc.'s acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of The East Ohio Gas Company on March 6, 2024 the Partnerships Spectra Energy Partners, LP and Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. the PSNC Acquisition Enbridge Inc.'s acquisition of all of the membership interests of Fall North Carolina Holdco LLC, which owns 100 of Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated on September 30, 2024 the Questar Acquisition Enbridge Inc.'s acquisition of all of the membership interests of Fall West Holdco LLC which owns 100 of Questar Gas Company and its related Wexpro companies on May 31, 2024 the Whistler Parent JV The joint venture formed by Enbridge Inc., WhiteWater/I Squared Capital and MPLX LP on May 29, 2024 Tomorrow RNG Six Morrow Renewables operating landfill gas-to-renewable natural gas production facilities US United States of America Wexpro Wexpro Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 3 

CONVENTIONS 
 
 The terms "we", "our", "us" and "Enbridge" as used in this report refer collectively to Enbridge Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context suggests otherwise. These terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any separate legal entity within Enbridge. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in Canadian dollars, all references to "dollars" or " " are to Canadian dollars and all references to "US " are to United States (US) dollars. All amounts are provided on a before-tax basis, unless otherwise stated. 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 Forward-looking information, or forward-looking statements, have been included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to provide information about us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, including management s assessment of our and our subsidiaries future plans and operations. This information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "intend", "likely", "plan", "project", "target" and similar words suggesting future outcomes or statements regarding an outlook. Forward-looking information or statements included or incorporated by reference in this document include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the following: our corporate vision and strategy, including strategic priorities and enablers; expected supply of, demand for, exports of and prices of crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGL), liquefied natural gas (LNG), renewable natural gas (RNG) and renewable energy; energy transition and lower-carbon energy, and our approach thereto; environmental, social and governance goals, practices and performance; industry and market conditions; anticipated utilization of our assets; dividend growth and payout policy; financial strength and flexibility; expectations on sources of liquidity and sufficiency of financial resources; expected strategic priorities and performance of the Liquids Pipelines, Gas Transmission, Gas Distribution and Storage and Renewable Power Generation businesses; the characteristics, anticipated benefits, financing and timing of our acquisitions and other transactions, including the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions of three US gas utilities (Gas Utilities) from Dominion Energy, Inc. (the Acquisitions); expected costs, benefits and in-service dates related to announced projects and projects under construction; expected capital expenditures; investable capacity and capital allocation priorities; expected equity funding requirements for our commercially secured growth program; expected future growth, development and expansion opportunities; expected optimization and efficiency opportunities; expectations about our joint venture partners ability to complete and finance projects under construction; our ability to successfully integrate the Gas Utilities; expected closing of acquisitions and dispositions and the timing thereof; expected future actions of regulators and courts, and the timing and impact thereof; toll and rate cases discussions and proceedings and anticipated timeline and impact therefrom, including those relating to the Gas Transmission and Gas Distribution and Storage businesses; operational, industry, regulatory, climate change and other risks associated with our businesses; and our assessment of the potential impact of the various risk factors identified herein. 
 
 Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable based on the information available on the date such statements are made and processes used to prepare the information, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements involve a variety of assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, levels of activity and achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Material assumptions include assumptions about the following: the expected supply of, demand for, export of and prices of crude oil, natural gas, NGL, LNG, RNG and renewable energy; anticipated utilization of assets; exchange rates; inflation; interest rates; availability and price of labor and construction materials; the stability of our supply chain; operational reliability; maintenance of support and regulatory approvals for our projects and transactions; anticipated in-service dates; weather; the timing, terms and closing of acquisitions and dispositions; the realization of anticipated benefits of transactions, including the Acquisitions; governmental legislation; litigation; estimated future dividends and impact of our dividend policy on our future cash flows; our credit ratings; capital project funding; hedging program; expected earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization (EBITDA); expected earnings/(loss); expected future cash flows; and expected distributable cash flow. Assumptions regarding the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, NGL, LNG, RNG and renewable energy, and the prices of these commodities, are material to and underlie all forward-looking statements, as they may impact current and future levels of demand for our services. Similarly, exchange rates, inflation and interest rates impact the economies and business environments in which we operate and may impact levels of demand for our services and cost of inputs, and are therefore inherent in all forward-looking statements. The most relevant assumptions associated with forward-looking statements regarding announced projects and projects under 
 4 

construction, including estimated completion dates and expected capital expenditures, include the following: the availability and price of labor and construction materials; the stability of our supply chain; the effects of inflation and foreign exchange rates on labor and material costs; the effects of interest rates on borrowing costs; and the impact of weather and customer, government, court and regulatory approvals on construction and in-service schedules and cost recovery regimes. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties pertaining to the successful execution of our strategic priorities; operating performance; legislative and regulatory parameters; litigation; acquisitions, dispositions and other transactions and the realization of anticipated benefits therefrom (including the anticipated benefits from the Acquisitions); operational dependence on third parties; dividend policy; project approval and support; renewals of rights-of-way; weather; economic and competitive conditions; public opinion; changes in tax laws and tax rates; exchange rates; inflation; interest rates; commodity prices; access to and cost of capital; political decisions; global geopolitical conditions; and the supply of, demand for and prices of commodities and other alternative energy, including but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties discussed in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with Canadian and US securities regulators. The impact of any one assumption, risk, uncertainty or factor on a particular forward-looking statement is not determinable with certainty as these are interdependent and our future course of action depends on management s assessment of all information available at the relevant time. Except to the extent required by applicable law, Enbridge assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement made in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 

NON-GAAP AND OTHER FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q makes reference to non-GAAP and other financial measures, including EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Management uses EBITDA to assess performance of Enbridge and to set targets. Management believes the presentation of EBITDA gives useful information to investors as it provides increased transparency and insight into the performance of Enbridge. 
 
 The non-GAAP and other financial measures are not measures that have a standardized meaning prescribed by the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) and are not US GAAP measures. Therefore, these measures may not be comparable with similar measures presented by other issuers. A reconciliation of historical non-GAAP and other financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is set out in this MD A and is available on our website. Additional information on non-GAAP and other financial measures may be found on our website, www.sedarplus.ca or www.sec.gov. 
 5 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ENBRIDGE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Operating revenues Commodity sales Gas distribution sales Transportation and other services Total operating revenues (Note 3) 
 Operating expenses Commodity costs Gas distribution costs Operating and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Income from equity investments Gain on disposition of equity investments (Note 6) 
 Other income/(expense) (Note 12) 
 ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) ) Earnings Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Earnings attributable to controlling interests Preference share dividends ) ) ) ) Earnings attributable to common shareholders Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders (Note 5) 
 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders (Note 5) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

ENBRIDGE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Change in unrealized gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges ) Change in unrealized gain/(loss) on net investment hedges ) ) Other comprehensive income from equity investees Excluded components of fair value hedges Reclassification to earnings of loss on cash flow hedges Reclassification to earnings of pension and other postretirement benefits (OPEB) amounts ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests Preference share dividends ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

ENBRIDGE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Preference shares Balance at beginning and end of period Common shares Balance at beginning of period Shares issued, net of issue costs (Note 8) 
 Shares issued on exercise of stock options Shares issued on vesting of restricted stock units (RSU), net of tax Share repurchases at stated value ) Balance at end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised ) ) ) ) Vested RSUs ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at end of period Deficit Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Earnings attributable to controlling interests Preference share dividends ) ) ) ) Common share dividends declared ) ) ) ) Share repurchases in excess of stated value ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (Note 9) 
 Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to common shareholders, net of tax ) Balance at end of period Total Enbridge Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Balance at beginning of period Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax Change in unrealized gain on cash flow hedges Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Contributions Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period Total equity Dividends paid per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

ENBRIDGE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars) Operating activities Earnings Adjustments to reconcile earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense Unrealized derivative fair value loss/(gain), net (Note 10) 
 ) Income from equity investments ) ) Distributions from equity investments Gain on disposition of equity investments 
 ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Long-term, restricted and other investments ) ) Distributions from equity investments in excess of cumulative earnings Additions to intangible assets ) ) Acquisitions 
 ) ) Proceeds from disposition of equity investments 
 Net change in affiliate loans Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net change in short-term borrowings ) Net change in commercial paper and credit facility draws ) Debenture and term note issues, net of issue costs Debenture and term note repayments ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shares issued, net of issue costs Common shares repurchased ) Preference share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Net change in affiliate loans Other ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Effect of translation of foreign denominated cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 1 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 million (2023 - was included in Restricted long-term investments and cash in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 9 

ENBRIDGE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars; number of shares in millions) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade receivables and unbilled revenues Other current assets Accounts receivable from affiliates Inventory Property, plant and equipment, net Long-term investments Restricted long-term investments and cash Deferred amounts and other assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred income taxes Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities Short-term borrowings Trade payables and accrued liabilities Other current liabilities Accounts payable to affiliates Interest payable Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Deferred income taxes Contingencies (Note 13) 
 Common shares and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (Note 9) 
 Total Enbridge Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

1. 

2. 
 
 11 

3. 
 
 Storage and other revenue Gas distribution revenue Electricity revenue Commodity sales 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Commodity sales Other revenue 1,2 
 ) Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Eliminations and Other Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Transportation revenue Storage and other revenue Gas distribution revenue Electricity revenue Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Commodity sales Other revenue 1,2 
 ) ) Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue 
 
 12 

Storage and other revenue Gas distribution revenue Electricity revenue Commodity sales 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Commodity sales Other revenue 1,2 
 Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Eliminations and Other Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Transportation revenue Storage and other revenue Gas distribution revenue Electricity revenue Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Commodity sales Other revenue 1,2 
 ) Intersegment revenue ) Total revenue 
 1 Includes realized and unrealized gains and losses from our hedging program which for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were a net million gain (2023 - million loss) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were a net million gain (2023 - million loss). 
 2 Includes revenues from lease contracts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of million and million, respectively. 
 
 We disaggregate revenues into categories which represent our principal performance obligations within each business segment. These revenue categories represent the most significant revenue streams in each segment and consequently are considered to be the most relevant revenue information for management to consider in evaluating performance. 
 13 

Balance as at December 31, 2023 
 
 Contract receivables represent the amount of receivables derived from contracts with customers. 
 
 Contract assets represent the amount of revenues which has been recognized in advance of payments received for performance obligations we have fulfilled (or have partially fulfilled) and prior to the point in time at which our right to payment is unconditional. Amounts included in contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable when our right to receive the consideration becomes unconditional. 
 
 Contract liabilities represent payments received for performance obligations which have not been fulfilled. Contract liabilities primarily relate to make-up rights and deferred revenues. Revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the period were million and million, respectively. Increases in contract liabilities from cash received, net of amounts recognized as revenues, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 There were no material revenues recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 
 
 Revenues to be Recognized from Unfulfilled Performance Obligations 
 Total revenues from performance obligations expected to be fulfilled in future periods is billion, of which billion and billion are expected to be recognized during the remaining ending December 31, 2024 and the year ending December 31, 2025, respectively. 
 
 The revenues excluded from the amounts above based on optional exemptions available under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, as explained below, represent a significant portion of our overall revenues and revenues from contracts with customers. Certain revenues such as flow-through operating costs charged to shippers are recognized at the amount for which we have the right to invoice our customers and are excluded from the amounts for revenues to be recognized in the future from unfulfilled performance obligations above. Variable consideration is excluded from the amounts above due to the uncertainty of the associated consideration, which is generally resolved when actual volumes and prices are determined. For example, we consider interruptible transportation service revenues to be variable revenues since volumes cannot be estimated. Additionally, the effect of escalation on certain tolls which are contractually escalated for inflation has not been reflected in the amounts above as it is not possible to reliably estimate future inflation rates. Revenues for periods extending beyond the current rate settlement term for regulated contracts where the tolls are periodically reset by the regulator are excluded from the amounts above since future tolls remain unknown. Finally, revenues from contracts with customers which have an original expected duration of one year or less are excluded from the amounts above. 
 
 Mainline Tolling Agreement 
 On March 4, 2024, the Canada Energy Regulator (CER) approved the negotiated Mainline tolling settlement. The new tolls are finalized and were in effect on an interim basis on July 1, 2023, and the overall agreement is retroactively effective as of July 1, 2021 through to the end of 2028. 
 
 14 

Revenues from products and services transferred over time 1 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Revenues from products transferred at a point in time Revenues from products and services transferred over time 1 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Revenues from products transferred at a point in time Revenues from products and services transferred over time 1 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Revenues from products transferred at a point in time Revenues from products and services transferred over time 1 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 1 Revenue from crude oil and natural gas pipeline transportation, storage, natural gas gathering, compression and treating, natural gas distribution, natural gas storage services and electricity sales. 

4. 

15 

Commodity and gas distribution costs ) ) ) ) ) Operating and administrative ) ) ) ) ) Income/(loss) from equity investments ) Other income (Note 12) 
 Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization ) Interest expense ) Income tax expense ) Earnings Capital expenditures 2 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Eliminations and Other 1 
 Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Operating revenues (Note 3) 
 Commodity and gas distribution costs ) ) ) ) ) Operating and administrative ) ) ) ) ) ) Income/(loss) from equity investments ) Other income/(expense) (Note 12) 
 ) ) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization ) Depreciation and amortization ) Interest expense ) Income tax expense ) Earnings Capital expenditures 2 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Liquids Pipelines Gas Transmission Gas Distribution and Storage Renewable Power Generation Eliminations and Other 1 
 Consolidated (millions of Canadian dollars) Operating revenues (Note 3) 
 Commodity and gas distribution costs ) ) ) ) ) Operating and administrative ) ) ) ) ) ) Income/(loss) from equity investments ) Gain on disposition of equity investments (Note 6) 
 Other income/(expense) (Note 12) 
 ) ) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization ) Depreciation and amortization ) Interest expense ) Income tax expense ) Earnings Capital expenditures 2 
 
 16 

Commodity and gas distribution costs ) ) ) ) ) Operating and administrative ) ) ) ) ) Income/(loss) from equity investments ) Other income/(expense) (Note 12) 
 ) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization ) Depreciation and amortization ) Interest expense ) Income tax expense ) Earnings Capital expenditures 2 
 
 1 Includes operating revenues and commodity costs from our natural gas and power marketing subsidiaries for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of million (2023 - million) and million (2023 - million), respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of million (2023 - billion) and million (2023 - billion), respectively. 
 2 Includes the equity component of the allowance for funds used during construction. 

5. 
 
 Effect of dilutive options and RSUs Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, of anti-dilutive stock options with a weighted average exercise price of and , respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings per common share calculation. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, of anti-dilutive stock options with a weighted average exercise price of and , respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings per common share calculation. 

17 

Preference Shares, Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares, Series D Preference Shares, Series F Preference Shares, Series G 1 
 Preference Shares, Series H Preference Shares, Series I 2 
 Preference Shares, Series L US Preference Shares, Series N Preference Shares, Series P 
 Preference Shares, Series R 
 Preference Shares, Series 1 US Preference Shares, Series 3 3 
 Preference Shares, Series 4 4 
 Preference Shares, Series 5 
 US Preference Shares, Series 7 
 Preference Shares, Series 9 Preference Shares, Series 11 
 Preference Shares, Series 13 Preference Shares, Series 15 
 Preference Shares, Series 19 
 1 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Preference Shares, Series G was decreased to from on September 1, 2024 due to reset on a quarterly basis. 
 2 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Preference Shares, Series I was decreased to from on September 1, 2024 due to reset on a quarterly basis. 
 3 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Preference Shares, Series 3 was increased to from on September 1, 2024 due to reset of the annual dividend on September 1, 2024. 
 4 The first quarterly dividend of per share paid on Preference Shares, Series 4 will be paid on December 1, 2024, due to conversion of Preference Shares, Series 3 into Preference Shares, Series 4 on September 1, 2024. 
 
 18 

6. 
 
 of Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated (PSNC), for cash consideration of billion (US billion) (the PSNC Acquisition). PSNC is a public utility primarily engaged in the purchase, sale, transportation and distribution of natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers in North Carolina. PSNC operates under rates approved by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. 
 
 Property, plant and equipment (b) Long-term assets (c) Current liabilities Long-term debt (d) Other long-term liabilities (e) Deferred income tax liabilities Goodwill (f) Purchase price: Cash 
 
 a) Current assets consist primarily of cash, trade and other accounts receivable, regulatory assets and inventory. The fair value of trade receivables from customers approximates their carrying value of million due to the short period to maturity. A provision for credit and recovery risk associated with accounts receivable has been made through the expected credit loss, which totaled million. 
 
 b) PSNC's property, plant and equipment constitutes an integrated system of rate-regulated natural gas transmission, distribution and storage assets. For these rate-regulated assets, fair value was determined using a market participant perspective. Given the regulated nature of, and fixed return on the assets, the fair value of property, plant and equipment acquired is equal to its carrying value. 
 
 c) Long-term assets consist primarily of million of regulatory assets expected to be recovered from customers in future periods through rates and equity interests in a liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage facility in North Carolina and in an intrastate natural gas pipeline. 
 19 

million with corresponding regulatory offset. 
 
 e) Other long-term liabilities consist primarily of regulatory liabilities expected to be refunded to customers in future periods through rates. 
 
 f) Goodwill is primarily attributable to the existing assembled assets and workforce of PSNC that cannot be duplicated at the same cost by a new entrant and the enhanced scale and geographic diversity of our regulated natural gas distribution business, which provides a platform for future growth and optimization with existing assets. The goodwill balance recognized has been assigned to our Gas Distribution and Storage segment and is not tax deductible. 
 
 Upon completion of the PSNC Acquisition, we began consolidating PSNC. 
 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1 
 
 1 Includes adjustment for pro forma interest expense on debt financing for the PSNC Acquisition of million and million (after-tax of million and million) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 20 

of Questar Gas Company (Questar) and its related Wexpro companies (Wexpro) for cash consideration of billion (US billion) (the Questar Acquisition). Questar is a public natural gas utility providing distribution, storage and transmission services to residential, commercial and industrial customers in Utah, southwestern Wyoming and southeastern Idaho. The Public Utilities Commissions of Utah, Wyoming and Idaho have granted Questar the necessary regulatory approvals to serve these areas. Wexpro develops and produces cost-of-service gas reserves for Questar and operates under agreements with the states of Utah and Wyoming. 
 
 Property, plant and equipment (b) Long-term assets (c) Current liabilities Long-term debt (d) Other long-term liabilities (e) Deferred income tax liabilities Goodwill (f) Purchase price: Cash 
 
 a) Current assets consist primarily of cash, trade and other accounts receivable and inventory. The fair value of trade receivables from customers approximates their carrying value of million due to the short period to maturity. A provision for credit and recovery risk associated with accounts receivable has been made through the expected credit loss, which totaled million. 
 
 b) Questar's property, plant and equipment constitutes an integrated system of rate-regulated natural gas transmission, distribution and storage assets. Wexpro's property, plant and equipment consists of cost-of-service gas and oil properties developed and produced for Questar. For these rate-regulated assets, fair value was determined using a market participant perspective. Given the regulated nature of, and fixed return on the assets, the fair value of property, plant and equipment acquired is equal to its carrying value. 
 
 c) Long-term assets consist primarily of funds collected from Questar by Wexpro and held in trust to fund future asset retirement obligations (ARO), as well as regulatory assets expected to be recovered from customers in future periods through rates. 
 
 d) The fair value of long-term debt was determined based on the current underlying US Treasury interest rates on instruments of similar yield, credit risk and tenor, as well as an implied credit spread based on current market conditions. We recorded a fair value adjustment to reduce long-term debt by million with corresponding regulatory offset. 
 
 e) Other long-term liabilities consist primarily of regulatory liabilities, expected to be refunded to customers in future periods through rates, as well as ARO. The fair value of the ARO liability was determined using a discounted cash flow approach. 
 
 21 

Upon completion of the Questar Acquisition, we began consolidating Questar and Wexpro. For the period beginning May 31, 2024 through to September 30, 2024, operating revenues and earnings attributable to common shareholders generated by Questar and Wexpro were immaterial. 
 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1 
 
 1 Includes adjustment for pro forma interest expense on debt financing for the Questar Acquisition of million and million (after-tax of million and million) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The East Ohio Gas Company 
 On March 6, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of The East Ohio Gas Company (EOG) for cash consideration of billion (US billion) (the EOG Acquisition). EOG is a public natural gas utility providing distribution, storage and transmission services to residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio and is regulated by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. 
 
 Property, plant and equipment (b) Long-term assets (c) Current liabilities Long-term debt (d) Other long-term liabilities (e) Deferred income tax liabilities Goodwill (f) Purchase price: Cash 
 
 a) Current assets consist primarily of cash, trade and other accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, regulatory assets and inventory. The fair value of trade receivables from customers approximates their carrying value of million due to the short period to maturity. A provision for credit and recovery risk associated with accounts receivable has been made through the expected credit loss, which totaled million. 
 
 22 

million and billion of regulatory assets expected to be recovered from customers in future periods through rates. 
 
 Pension plan assets attributable to the workforce acquired from EOG were transferred in cash to an Enbridge-sponsored pension plan based on their fair value as at December 31, 2023, subject to closing adjustments. The fair value of plan assets was determined using unadjusted quoted market prices for identical investments. 
 
 d) The fair value of long-term debt was determined based on the current underlying US Treasury interest rates on instruments of similar yield, credit risk and tenor, as well as an implied credit spread based on current market conditions. We recorded a fair value adjustment to reduce long-term debt by million with corresponding regulatory offset. 
 
 e) Other long-term liabilities consist primarily of regulatory liabilities expected to be refunded to customers in future periods through rates. 
 
 f) Goodwill is primarily attributable to the existing assembled assets and workforce of EOG that cannot be duplicated at the same cost by a new entrant and the enhanced scale and geographic diversity of our regulated natural gas distribution business, which provides a platform for future growth and optimization with existing assets. The goodwill balance recognized has been assigned to our Gas Distribution and Storage segment and is not tax deductible. 
 
 Upon completion of the EOG Acquisition, we began consolidating EOG. For the period beginning March 6, 2024 through to September 30, 2024, EOG generated million of operating revenues and million of earnings attributable to common shareholders. 
 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1 
 
 1 Includes adjustment for pro forma interest expense on debt financing for the EOG Acquisition of million and million (after-tax of million and million) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The purchase price allocations for the PSNC Acquisition, Questar Acquisition and EOG Acquisition (together, the Acquisitions) were prepared on a preliminary basis and are subject to change as additional information becomes available concerning the fair values of the pension, ARO and regulatory balances and their tax bases. Any adjustments to the purchase price allocations will be made as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the date of each acquisition. 
 
 The Acquisitions further diversify, and are complementary to, our existing gas distribution operations. 
 
 23 

Morrow Renewables operating landfill gas-to-renewable natural gas (RNG) production facilities (Tomorrow RNG) located in Texas and Arkansas for total consideration of billion (US billion), of which million (US million) was paid at close and an additional deferred consideration is payable within with a fair value of million (US million) (the RNG Facilities Acquisition). The acquired assets align with and advance our low-carbon strategy. 
 
 Intangible assets (a) Property, plant and equipment (b) Current liabilities Goodwill (c) Purchase price: Cash Deferred consideration (d): Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt Other adjustments 
 
 a) Intangible assets consist of long-term gas supply agreements with the respective facility's landfill owner. Fair value was determined using an income-based approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method, by estimating the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable to the gas rights. The intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective agreement, inclusive of extension options, which range from to years. 
 
 b) Tomorrow RNG's property, plant and equipment constitutes specialized landfill gas plant and equipment which collects gas produced by waste decomposition, treats and compresses the gas to pipeline specifications. The direct method of replacement cost was used to determine the majority of the fair value of property, plant and equipment. Adjustments were then applied for estimated physical deterioration. 
 
 c) Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected future returns from a portfolio of both operating and scalable RNG assets, furthering the diversity of our renewable projects portfolio and accelerating progress toward our energy transition goals. The goodwill balance recognized has been assigned to our Gas Transmission segment and is tax deductible over years. 
 
 d) We entered into non-interest bearing promissory notes due to Morrow Renewables, the total value of which represents deferred payments of million (US million) due within . The first and second payments are due on January 2, 2025 and December 31, 2025, respectively. The million (US million) recognized in the purchase price represents the fair value of deferred consideration at the date of acquisition using the imputed interest rate method over the terms of the notes. 
 
 24 

million (US million) of cash. Tres Palacios is a natural gas storage facility located in the US Gulf Coast and its infrastructure serves Texas gas-fired power generation and LNG exports, as well as Mexico pipeline exports. 
 
 We allocated assets with a fair value of million (US million) to Property, plant and equipment, net, of which million (US million) relates to storage cavern right-of-use assets, and recorded the related lease liabilities of million (US million) and million (US million) to Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The acquired assets are included in our Gas Transmission segment. 
 
 DISPOSITION 
 Disposition of Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable Interests 
 On April 1, 2024, we closed the sale of our interest in the Alliance Pipeline, our interest in Aux Sable (including a interest in Aux Sable Midstream LLC and Aux Sable Liquid Products L.P., and a interest in Aux Sable Canada LP) and our interest in NRGreen Power Limited Partnership (NRGreen) to Pembina Pipeline Corporation for billion, including million of non-recourse debt, subject to customary closing adjustments. A gain on disposal of billion before tax, which is net of billion of the goodwill from our Gas Transmission segment allocated to the disposal group, is included in Gain on disposition of equity investments in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our equity investments in the Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable were previously included in our Gas Transmission segment. Our equity investment in NRGreen was previously included in our Renewable Power Generation segment. 
 
 EQUITY INVESTMENT TRANSACTION 
 Joint Venture with WhiteWater/I Squared and MPLX 
 On May 29, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we formed a joint venture (the Whistler Parent JV) with WhiteWater/I Squared Capital (WhiteWater/I Squared) and MPLX LP (MPLX) that will develop, construct, own and operate natural gas pipeline and storage assets connecting Permian Basin natural gas supply to growing LNG and other US Gulf Coast demand. The Whistler Parent JV is owned by WhiteWater/I Squared ), MPLX and Enbridge and is accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 
 25 

interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project and million (US million) of cash to the Whistler Parent JV. In addition to our equity interest in the Whistler Parent JV, we received a special equity interest in the Whistler Parent JV which provides for a economic interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project. This interest is subject to certain redemption rights held by Whitewater/I Squared and MPLX. After the closing on May 29, 2024, we accrued for our share of the post-closing mandatory capital expenditures of approximately US million for the Rio Bravo Pipeline project. Additional capital expenditures to complete the Rio Bravo Pipeline project will be proportionate to our economic interest. 
 
 The contribution of our interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project to the Whistler Parent JV in exchange for the equity interests discussed above represents a non-cash transaction in Cash Flows from Investing Activities and does not have an effect on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. This component of the transaction resulted in a reduction of million (US million) to Property, plant and equipment, net and a corresponding increase to Long-term investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The cash component of the transaction, as well as subsequent cash payments made for post-closing mandatory capital expenditures, have been reflected as contributions in Cash Flows from Investing Activities. 

7. 
 
 Enbridge (U.S.) Inc. 2026-2029 Enbridge Pipelines Inc. 2026 Enbridge Gas Inc. 2026 Total committed credit facilities 
 1 Maturity date is inclusive of the term out option for certain credit facilities. 
 2 Includes facility draws and commercial paper issuances that are back-stopped by credit facilities. 
 
 In March 2024, we entered into a delayed-draw term loan facility in support of sustainable retrofit projects for large buildings using decarbonization solutions for million which matures in March 2049. 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into a , non-revolving term loan facility of US million which matures in June 2029. 
 
 In July 2024, we renewed approximately billion of our -day extendible credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2026, which includes a term out provision from July 2025. We also renewed approximately billion of our credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2029. Further, we extended the maturity dates of our credit facilities to July 2027. 
 
 In July 2024, Enbridge Gas Inc. (Enbridge Gas Ontario) extended the maturity date of its extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 In July 2024, Enbridge Pipelines Inc. extended the maturity date of its extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 26 

billion of uncommitted demand letter of credit facilities, of which million was unutilized as at September 30, 2024. As at December 31, 2023, we had billion of uncommitted demand letter of credit facilities, of which million was unutilized. 
 
 In October 2024, we increased our letter of credit facilities by million. 
 
 Our credit facilities carry a weighted average standby fee of per annum on the unused portion and draws bear interest at market rates. Certain credit facilities serve as a back-stop to our commercial paper programs and we have the option to extend such facilities, which are currently scheduled to mature from 2025 to 2049. 
 
 As at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, commercial paper and credit facility draws, net of short-term borrowings and non-revolving credit facilities that mature within one year, of billion and billion, respectively, were supported by the availability of long-term committed credit facilities and, therefore, have been classified as long-term debt. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 As a result of the EOG Acquisition, RNG Facilities Acquisition, Questar Acquisition and PSNC Acquisition, our debt increased by US billion, US million, US billion, and US billion, respectively, on each acquisition date. Refer to Note 6 - Acquisitions and Dispositions for further details. 
 
 LONG-TERM DEBT ISSUANCES 
 billion and billion: 
 Company Issue Date Principal Amount (millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated) Enbridge Inc. April 2024 senior notes due April 2027 US April 2024 senior notes due April 2029 US April 2024 senior notes due April 2034 US April 2024 senior notes due April 2054 US June 2024 fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes due March 2055 1 
 US June 2024 fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes due June 2054 2 
 US August 2024 medium-term notes due February 2030 August 2024 medium-term notes due August 2034 August 2024 medium-term notes due August 2054 Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC July 2024 senior notes due July 2034 US 
 1 For the initial years, the notes carry a fixed interest rate. On March 15, 2030, the interest rate will be reset to equal the Five-Year US Treasury rate plus a margin of . 
 2 For the initial years, the notes carry a fixed interest rate. On June 27, 2034, the interest rate will be reset to equal the Five-Year US Treasury rate plus a margin of . 
 
 27 

billion, billion and million: 
 Company Repayment Date Principal Amount (millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated) Enbridge Inc. February 2024 Floating rate notes 1 
 US February 2024 senior notes US March 2024 senior notes 2 
 US June 2024 senior notes US Enbridge Gas Inc. August 2024 medium-term notes Enbridge Pipelines (Southern Lights) L.L.C. June 2024 senior notes US Enbridge Pipelines Inc. February 2024 debentures Enbridge Southern Lights LP January and July 2024 senior notes Westcoast Energy Inc. September 2024 medium-term notes Spectra Energy Partners, LP March 2024 senior notes US Blauracke GmbH April 2024 senior notes Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC July 2024 senior notes US 
 1 The notes carried an interest rate set to equal the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin of basis points. 
 2 The notes carried an original maturity date in March 2026, and were callable in March 2024, which was after their issuance. 
 
 SUBORDINATED TERM NOTES 
 As at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our fixed-to-floating rate and fixed-to-fixed rate subordinated term notes had a principal value of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENT 
 As at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value adjustments to increase total debt assumed in a historical acquisition were million and million, respectively. As a result of the EOG, Questar, and PSNC Acquisitions, there were additional fair value adjustments of million, million, and million, respectively, to decrease total debt as at September 30, 2024. ) 
 
 DEBT COVENANTS 
 Our credit facility agreements and term debt indentures include standard events of default and covenant provisions whereby accelerated repayment and/or termination of the agreements may result if we were to default on payment or violate certain covenants. As at September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such debt covenant provisions. 
 
 28 

8. 
 
 billion (or the US dollar equivalent) of our common shares from treasury to the public from time to time at the market prices prevailing at the time of sale through the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange or any other marketplace in Canada or the US where the common shares may be traded. 
 
 During the period from May 15, 2024 to June 30, 2024, common shares were issued and sold under the ATM Program at average prices of CAD and US per common share for aggregate gross proceeds of billion billion, net of aggregate commissions paid of million and other issuance costs). On August 1, 2024, we terminated the ATM Program. Net proceeds from sales of common shares under the ATM Program were used to partially fund the Questar Acquisition and PSNC Acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 
 On September 8, 2023, we closed a public offering of common shares at a price of per share for gross proceeds of billion which were also used to finance a portion of the aggregate cash consideration payable for the Acquisitions discussed in Note 6 - Acquisitions and Dispositions . 

9. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) retained in AOCI 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (income)/loss reclassified to earnings 
 Interest rate contracts 1 
 Commodity contracts 2 
 ) ) Foreign exchange contracts 3 
 Amortization of pension and OPEB actuarial gain 4 
 ) ) ) ) Tax impact 
 Income tax on amounts retained in AOCI 
 ) Income tax on amounts reclassified to earnings 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 29 

) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) retained in AOCI 
 ) Other comprehensive (income)/loss reclassified to earnings 
 Interest rate contracts 1 
 Other contracts 5 
 Amortization of pension and OPEB actuarial gain 4 
 ) ) ) ) Tax impact Income tax on amounts retained in AOCI 
 ) ) ) Income tax on amounts reclassified to earnings 
 ) ) ) ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 1 Reported within Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 2 Reported within Transportation and other services revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 3 Reported within Other income/(expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 4 These components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit credit and are reported within Other income/(expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 5 Reported within Operating and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

10. 

30 

of total debt outstanding. To ensure compliance with our policy, we monitor and adjust our debt portfolio mix of fixed and variable rate debt instruments in conjunction with the use of hedging instruments. We have implemented a hedging program to partially mitigate the impact of short-term interest rate volatility on interest expense via the execution of floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps and costless collars. These swaps have an average fixed rate of . 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows are also exposed to variability in longer term interest rates ahead of anticipated fixed rate term debt issuances. A combination of qualifying and non-qualifying forward starting interest rate swaps are used to hedge against the effect of future interest rate movements. We have established a program including some of our subsidiaries to partially mitigate our exposure to long-term interest rate variability on forecasted term debt issuances via execution of floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps with an average swap rate of . 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our earnings, cash flows and OCI are exposed to changes in commodity prices as a result of our ownership interests in certain assets and investments, as well as through the activities of our energy marketing subsidiaries. These commodities include natural gas, crude oil, power and natural gas liquids (NGL). We employ financial and physical derivative instruments to fix a portion of the variable price exposures that arise from physical transactions involving these commodities. We use primarily non-qualifying derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Equity price risk is the risk of earnings fluctuations due to changes in our share price. We have exposure to our own common share price through the issuance of various forms of stock-based compensation, which affect earnings through the revaluation of outstanding units every period. 
 
 TOTAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 We have a policy of entering into individual International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) agreements, or other similar derivative agreements, with the majority of our financial derivative counterparties. These agreements provide for the net settlement of derivative instruments outstanding with specific counterparties in the event of bankruptcy or other significant credit events and reduce our credit risk exposure on financial derivative asset positions outstanding with the counterparties in those circumstances. 

31 

) Interest rate contracts ) Commodity contracts ) Other contracts ) Deferred amounts and other assets Foreign exchange contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Commodity contracts ) ) Other current liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net derivative asset/(liability) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) ) ) 
 32 

) Interest rate contracts ) Commodity contracts ) Other contracts ) ) Deferred amounts and other assets Foreign exchange contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Commodity contracts ) ) Other current liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net derivative liability Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Foreign exchange contracts - US dollar forwards - sell (millions of US dollars) 
 Foreign exchange contracts - British pound (GBP) forwards - sell (millions of GBP) 
 Foreign exchange contracts - Euro forwards - sell (millions of Euro) 
 Foreign exchange contracts - Japanese yen forwards - purchase (millions of yen) 
 Interest rate contracts - short-term pay fixed rate (millions of Canadian dollars) 
 Interest rate contracts - short-term receive fixed rate (millions of Canadian dollars) 
 Interest rate contracts - long-term pay fixed rate (millions of Canadian dollars) 1 
 Interest rate contracts - costless collar (millions of Canadian dollars) 
 Commodity contracts - natural gas (billions of cubic feet) 2 
 Commodity contracts - crude oil (millions of barrels) 2 
 ) Commodity contracts - power (megawatt per hour (MW/H)) 
 ) ) ) ) 3 
 
 1 Represents the notional amount of long-term debt issuances hedged. 
 2 Represents the notional amount of net purchase/(sale). 
 3 Total is an average net purchase/(sale) of power. 
 33 

) ) Unrealized gain/(loss) on hedged item ) ) Realized gain/(loss) on derivative ) ) ) Realized loss on hedged item ) 
 
 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income) Commodity contracts 
 Other contracts 
 ) ) Fair value hedges 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 ) ) ) ) Amount of (income)/loss reclassified from AOCI to earnings Foreign exchange contracts 1 
 Interest rate contracts 2 
 Commodity contracts 3 
 ) Other contracts 4 

1 Reported within Other income/(expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 2 Reported within Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 3 Reported within Transportation and other services revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 4 Reported within Operating and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 
 We estimate that a gain of million from AOCI related to cash flow hedges will be reclassified to earnings in the next 12 months. Actual amounts reclassified to earnings depend on the foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices in effect when derivative contracts that are currently outstanding mature. For all forecasted transactions, the maximum term over which we are hedging exposures to the variability of cash flows is as at September 30, 2024. 
 
 34 

) ) Interest rate contracts 2 
 ) ) Commodity contracts 3 
 ) ) ) Other contracts 4 
 ) ) Total unrealized derivative fair value gain/(loss), net 
 ) ) 
 1 For the respective nine months ended periods, reported within Transportation and other services revenues (2024 - ; 2023 - million gain) and Other income/(expense) (2024 - million loss; 2023 - million loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 2 Reported within Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 3 For the respective nine months ended periods, reported within Transportation and other services revenues (2024 - million loss; 2023 - million loss), Commodity sales (2024 - million loss; 2023 - million gain), Commodity costs (2024 - million gain; 2023 - million loss) and Operating and administrative expense (2024 - million loss; 2023 - million loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 4 Reported within Operating and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 
 LIQUIDITY RISK 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our financial obligations, including commitments and guarantees, as they become due. In order to mitigate this risk, we forecast cash requirements over a -month rolling time period to determine whether sufficient funds will be available and maintain substantial capacity under our committed bank lines of credit to address any contingencies. Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are funds generated from operations, the issuance of commercial paper and draws under committed credit facilities and long-term debt, which includes debentures and medium-term notes. Our shelf prospectuses with securities regulators enable ready access to either the Canadian or US public capital markets, subject to market conditions. In addition, we maintain sufficient liquidity through committed credit facilities with a diversified group of banks and institutions which, if necessary, enables us to fund all anticipated requirements for approximately without accessing the capital markets. We were in compliance with all the terms and conditions of our committed credit facility agreements and term debt indentures as at September 30, 2024. As a result, all credit facilities are available to us and the banks are obligated to fund us under the terms of the facilities. We also identify a variety of other potential sources of debt and equity funding alternatives, including reinstatement of our dividend reinvestment and share purchase plan or at-the-market equity issuances. 
 
 CREDIT RISK 
 Entering into derivative instruments may result in exposure to credit risk from the possibility that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations. In order to mitigate this risk, we enter into risk management transactions primarily with institutions that possess strong investment grade credit ratings. Credit risk relating to derivative counterparties is mitigated through the maintenance and monitoring of credit exposure limits, contractual requirements and netting arrangements. We also review counterparty credit exposure using external credit rating services and other analytical tools to manage credit risk. 
 
 35 

US financial institutions European financial institutions Asian financial institutions Other 1 
 
 1 Other is comprised of commodity clearing house and physical natural gas and crude oil counterparties. 
 
 As at September 30, 2024, we did not provide any letters of credit in lieu of providing cash collateral to our counterparties pursuant to the terms of the relevant ISDA agreements. We held cash collateral on derivative asset exposures as at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Gross derivative balances have been presented without the effects of collateral posted. Derivative assets are adjusted for non-performance risk of our counterparties using their credit default swap spread rates and are reflected at fair value. For derivative liabilities, our non-performance risk is considered in the valuation. 
 
 Credit risk also arises from trade and other long-term receivables, and is mitigated through credit exposure limits and contractual requirements, the assessment of credit ratings and netting arrangements. Within Enbridge Gas Ontario, credit risk is mitigated by the utility's large and diversified customer base and the ability to recover an estimate for expected credit losses through the ratemaking process. We actively monitor the financial strength of large industrial customers and, in select cases, have obtained additional security to minimize the risk of default on receivables. Generally, we utilize a loss allowance matrix which contemplates historical credit losses by age of receivables, adjusted for any forward-looking information and management expectations to measure lifetime expected credit losses of receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk related to non-derivative financial assets is their carrying value. 
 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 Our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include derivatives and other financial instruments. We also disclose the fair value of other financial instruments not measured at fair value. The fair value of financial instruments reflects our best estimates of market value based on generally accepted valuation techniques or models and is supported by observable market prices and rates. When such values are not available, we use discounted cash flow analysis from applicable yield curves based on observable market inputs to estimate fair value. 
 
 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 We categorize our financial instruments measured at fair value into one of three different levels depending on the observability of the inputs employed in the measurement. 
 
 36 

37 

Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Other contracts Long-term derivative assets Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Financial liabilities Current derivative liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Long-term derivative liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) ) Total net financial asset/(liability) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) 
 38 

Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Other contracts Long-term derivative assets Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Financial liabilities Current derivative liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) Long-term derivative liabilities Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net financial asset/(liability) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) Forward gas price /mmbtu 2 
 Crude 
 ) Forward crude price /barrel Power 
 ) Forward power price /MW/H Commodity contracts - physical 1 
 Natural gas 
 ) Forward gas price /mmbtu 2 
 Crude 
 Forward crude price /barrel Power ) Forward power price /MW/H Commodity options 3 
 Natural gas Option volatility ) 
 1 Financial and physical forward commodity contracts are valued using a market approach valuation technique. 
 2 One million British thermal units (mmbtu). 
 3 Commodity options contracts are valued using an option model valuation technique. 
 
 39 

) Total gain/(loss), unrealized Included in earnings 1 
 ) Included in OCI 
 Settlements Level 3 net derivative liability at end of period ) ) 
 1 Reported within Transportation and other services revenues, Commodity costs and Operating and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 
 There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 as at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We currently have designated a portion of our US dollar-denominated debt as a hedge of our net investment in US dollar-denominated investments and subsidiaries. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized unrealized foreign exchange losses of million and gains of million, respectively, on the translation of US dollar-denominated debt, in OCI. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized realized losses of million and million, respectively, associated with the settlement of US dollar-denominated debt that had matured during the period, in OCI. 

million and million as at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

million included in Restricted long-term investments and cash in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (December 31, 2023 - million) which are classified as available-for-sale. These securities represent restricted funds held in trust for the purpose of funding pipeline abandonment in accordance with the CER's regulatory requirements, to cover future pipeline decommissioning costs in the state of Minnesota and to satisfy retirement obligations as Wexpro properties are abandoned. 
 
 We had restricted long-term investments and cash held in trust totaling million as at September 30, 2024 which are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy (December 31, 2023 - million). We also had restricted long-term investments held in trust totaling million (cost basis - million) and million (cost basis - million) as at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. There were unrealized holding gains of million and million on these investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (2023 - losses of million and million, respectively). 
 
 40 

million and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). Our investments in debt securities had a cost basis of million as at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). These investments in equity funds and debt securities are recognized at fair value, classified as Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, respectively, and are recorded in Other current assets and Long-term investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. There were unrealized holding gains of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, (2023 - losses of million and gains of million, respectively). 

billion and billion, respectively, before debt issuance costs and a fair value of billion and billion, respectively. 

11. 
 
 and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 
 
 The period-over-period increase in the effective income tax rate for the three-months ended is driven by the increase in US minimum tax, the effects of rate regulated accounting for income taxes, partially offset by a state apportionment income tax rate change due to the PSNC Acquisition (Note 6) relative to the change in earnings over the comparative periods. 
 
 The period-over-period increase in the effective income tax rate for the nine-months ended is due to an increase in US minimum tax, the tax effect of the write-down of non-deductible goodwill on the Gas Transmission segment (Note 6) , and the effects of rate regulated accounting for income taxes, partially offset by a state apportionment income tax rate change due to the Acquisitions (Note 6) , and the non-taxable portion of the gain on the disposition of Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable (Note 6) relative to the change in earnings over the comparative periods. 

12.) Unrealized foreign currency gain/(loss) ) ) ) Net defined pension and OPEB credit Other ) ) 
 
 41 

13. 

42 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on and should be read in conjunction with our interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 We continue to qualify as a foreign private issuer for purposes of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as determined annually as of the end of our second fiscal quarter. We intend to continue to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the United States (US) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) instead of filing the reporting forms available to foreign private issuers. We also intend to maintain our Form S-3 registration statements. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

ACQUISITIONS 
 US Gas Utilities 
 On September 5, 2023, Enbridge Inc. (Enbridge) entered into three separate definitive agreements with Dominion Energy, Inc. to acquire The East Ohio Gas Company (EOG), Questar Gas Company (Questar) and its related Wexpro companies (Wexpro), and Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated (PSNC) (together, the Acquisitions). The Acquisitions further diversify, and are complementary to, our existing gas distribution operations. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we acquired PSNC for cash consideration of 2.7 billion (US 2.0 billion) (the PSNC Acquisition). PSNC is a public utility primarily engaged in the purchase, sale, transportation and distribution of natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers in North Carolina. PSNC operates under rates approved by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. Going forward, PSNC will conduct business as Enbridge Gas North Carolina. 
 
 On May 31, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we acquired Questar and Wexpro for cash consideration of 4.1 billion (US 3.0 billion) (the Questar Acquisition). Questar is a public natural gas utility providing distribution, storage and transmission services to residential, commercial and industrial customers in Utah, southwestern Wyoming and southeastern Idaho. The Public Utilities Commissions of Utah, Wyoming and Idaho have granted Questar the necessary regulatory approvals to serve these areas. Wexpro develops and produces cost-of-service gas reserves for Questar and operates under agreements with the states of Utah and Wyoming. Questar conducts business as Enbridge Gas Utah, Enbridge Gas Wyoming and Enbridge Gas Idaho in those respective states. 
 
 On March 6, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we acquired EOG for cash consideration of 5.8 billion (US 4.3 billion) (the EOG Acquisition). EOG is a public natural gas utility providing distribution, storage and transmission services to residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio and is regulated by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. EOG conducts business as Enbridge Gas Ohio. 
 
 43 

Joint Venture with WhiteWater/I Squared and MPLX 
 On May 29, 2024, through a wholly-owned US subsidiary, we formed a joint venture (the Whistler Parent JV) with WhiteWater/I Squared Capital (WhiteWater/I Squared) and MPLX LP (MPLX) that will develop, construct, own and operate natural gas pipeline and storage assets connecting Permian Basin natural gas supply to growing liquefied natural gas (LNG) and other US Gulf Coast demand.The Whistler Parent JV is owned by WhiteWater/I Squared (50.6 ), MPLX (30.4 and Enbridge (19.0 and owns the following assets: 
 
 a 100 interest in the Whistler Pipeline, a 450-mile intrastate pipeline transporting natural gas from the Waha Header in the Permian Basin to Agua Dulce, Texas; 
 a 100 interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project, two new parallel 137-mile pipelines transporting natural gas from the Agua Dulce supply area to NextDecade's Rio Grande LNG project in Brownsville, Texas; 
 a 70 interest in the ADCC Pipeline, a new 40-mile pipeline which was placed into service in July 2024 and is designed to transport 1.7 billion cubic feet per day (bcf/d) of natural gas from the terminus of the Whistler Pipeline in Agua Dulce, Texas to Cheniere's Corpus Christi LNG export facility; and 
 a 50 interest in Waha Gas Storage, a 2.0 bcf gas storage cavern facility connecting to key Permian egress pipelines including the Whistler Pipeline. 
 
 In connection with the formation of the Whistler Parent JV, we contributed our 100 interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project and 487 million (US 357 million) of cash to the Whistler Parent JV. In addition to our 19.0 equity interest in the Whistler Parent JV, we received a special equity interest in the Whistler Parent JV which provides for a 25.0 economic interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project. This interest is subject to certain redemption rights held by Whitewater/I Squared and MPLX. After the closing on May 29, 2024, we accrued for our share of the post-closing mandatory capital expenditures of approximately US 150 million for the Rio Bravo Pipeline project. Additional capital expenditures to complete the Rio Bravo Pipeline project will be proportionate to our economic interest. 
 
 ASSET MONETIZATION 
 Disposition of Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable Interests 
 On April 1, 2024, we closed the sale of our 50.0 interest in the Alliance Pipeline, our interest in Aux Sable (including a 42.7 interest in Aux Sable Midstream LLC and Aux Sable Liquid Products L.P., and a 50.0 interest in Aux Sable Canada LP) and our interest in NRGreen Power Limited Partnership (NRGreen) to Pembina Pipeline Corporation (Pembina) for 3.1 billion, including 327 million of non-recourse debt, subject to customary closing adjustments. A gain on disposal of 1.1 billion before tax, which is net of 1.0 billion of the goodwill from our Gas Transmission segment allocated to the disposal group, is included in Gain on disposition of equity investments in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

GAS TRANSMISSION RATE PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Texas Eastern 
 In May 2024, Texas Eastern Transmission, LP (Texas Eastern) reached a negotiated settlement with customers to increase rates starting October 1, 2024 and filed a Stipulation and Agreement with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) on June 3, 2024. Texas Eastern received approval on July 31, 2024 from the FERC of its uncontested settlement with customers. 
 
 Algonquin 
 Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC (Algonquin) filed a rate case on May 30, 2024. On June 28, 2024, the FERC issued an order accepting and suspending tariff records, subject to refund, conditions, and establishing hearing procedures. In compliance with the order, Algonquin will make a motion filing to implement the rates to be effective December 1, 2024, subject to refund. Settlement negotiations with shippers have commenced. 
 
 44 

Maritimes Northeast Pipeline 
 Maritimes Northeast Pipeline (M N) US filed a rate case on May 30, 2024. On June 27, 2024, the FERC issued an order accepting and suspending tariff records, subject to refund, conditions, and establishing hearing procedures. In compliance with the order, M N US will make a motion filing to implement the rates to be effective December 1, 2024, subject to refund. Settlement negotiations with shippers have commenced. 

GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE RATE APPLICATIONS 
 Incentive Regulation Rate Application 
 In October 2022, Enbridge Gas Inc. (Enbridge Gas Ontario) filed its application with the Ontario Energy Board (OEB) to establish a 2024 through 2028 Incentive Regulation (IR) rate setting framework. The application initially sought approval in two phases to establish 2024 base rates (Phase 1) on a cost-of-service basis and to establish a price cap rate setting mechanism (Phase 2) to be used for the remainder of the IR term (2025 2028). A third phase (Phase 3) was established with the OEB in 2023. Phase 3 will address cost allocation and the harmonization of rates and rate classes between legacy rate zones. 
 
 On December 21, 2023, the OEB issued its Decision and Order on Phase 1 (Phase 1 Decision). Enbridge Gas Ontario filed a Notice of Appeal with the Ontario Divisional Court on January 22, 2024 regarding various aspects of the Phase 1 Decision. On January 29, 2024, Enbridge Gas Ontario also filed a Notice of Motion with the OEB requesting the OEB to review and vary the Phase 1 Decision. Our Notice of Motion was subsequently amended on May 29, 2024 (Amended Motion). The Amended Motion focused on two aspects of the Phase 1 Decision: asset class average useful lives for depreciation purposes and the recoverability of integration capital. On October 8, 2024, the OEB issued a decision on the Amended Motion and determined that the asset class average useful lives issue did not meet the threshold to warrant a review, however the issue of integration capital did meet the threshold to warrant a review. After it receives written submissions on the issue of integration capital, the OEB will make a determination on whether there will be an oral hearing. The outcome and timing of a decision on the matter of integration capital is uncertain. 
 
 On February 24, 2024, the Government of Ontario introduced Bill 165, the Keeping Energy Costs Down Act (the Act). The Act gives the Government of Ontario time-limited authority to set the revenue horizon for small volume customers, effectively reversing that aspect of the OEB's Phase 1 Decision. The Act proceeded to and passed a final vote in the provincial legislature on May 15, 2024 and received royal assent on May 16, 2024. Regulations are now in place setting the revenue horizon for new customer connections to 40 years. 
 
 The Phase 1 Decision resulted in interim 2024 rates, pending Phase 2 of the proceeding and resolution of the Amended Motion. An updated Draft Interim Rate Order reflecting the Phase 1 Decision was filed on March 15, 2024 and subsequently approved by the OEB on April 11, 2024. The Interim Rate Order implemented 2024 rates on May 1, 2024, with an effective date of January 1, 2024. 
 
 Enbridge Gas Ontario filed its Phase 2 evidence on April 26, 2024. Phase 2 will establish the incentive rate mechanism for 2025-2028, and will also address unregulated storage cost allocation and new energy transition proposals. Phase 3 is anticipated to be completed in 2025. 

FINANCING UPDATE 
 On the March 8, 2024 call date, we redeemed at par all of the outstanding US 700 million three-year callable, 5.97 senior notes that carried an original maturity date in March 2026. 
 
 In March 2024, we entered into a delayed-draw term loan facility in support of sustainable retrofit projects for large buildings using decarbonization solutions for 200 million which matures in March 2049. 
 
 45 

In April 2024, we closed a four-tranche offering consisting of three-year senior notes, five-year senior notes, 10-year senior notes, and 30-year senior notes for an aggregate principal amount of US 3.5 billion, which mature in April 2027, April 2029, April 2034 and April 2054, respectively. 
 
 On May 15, 2024, we established an at-the-market equity issuance program (ATM Program) which provided us with additional flexibility to partially fund the Acquisitions. From May 15, 2024 to July 31, 2024, 51,298,629 common shares were issued on Canadian and US exchanges at average prices of CAD 48.72 and US 35.77 per common share for aggregate gross proceeds of 2.5 billion. On August 1, 2024, we terminated the ATM Program. Net proceeds from sales of common shares under the ATM Program were used to partially fund the Questar Acquisition and PSNC Acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 
 In June 2024, we closed an offering consisting of a tranche of 30.75-year non-call 5.5-year fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes and a tranche of 30-year non-call 9.75-year fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes, for an aggregate principal amount of US 1.2 billion, which mature in March 2055 and June 2054, respectively. 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into a five-year, non-revolving term loan facility of US 250 million which matures in June 2029. 
 
 In July 2024, Algonquin closed an offering of 10-year senior notes for US 350 million which mature in July 2034. 
 
 In July 2024, Enbridge Gas Ontario extended the maturity date of its 364-day extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 In July 2024, Enbridge Pipelines Inc. extended the maturity date of its 364-day extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 In July 2024, we renewed approximately 8.8 billion of our 364-day extendible credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. We also renewed approximately 7.8 billion of our five-year credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2029. Further, we extended the maturity dates of our three-year credit facilities to July 2027. 
 
 In August 2024, we closed a three-tranche offering consisting of 5.5-year medium-term notes, 10-year medium-term notes, and 30-year medium-term notes for an aggregate principal of 1.8 billion, which mature in February 2030, August 2034, and August 2054, respectively. 
 
 In October 2024, we increased our letter of credit facilities by 200 million. 
 
 These financing activities, in combination with the financing activities executed in 2023, provide significant liquidity that we expect will enable us to fund our current portfolio of capital projects and acquisitions without requiring access to the capital markets for the next 12 months, should market access be restricted or pricing be unattractive. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 
 As at September 30, 2024, after adjusting for the impact of floating-to-fixed interest rate swap hedges, less than 5 of our total debt is exposed to floating rates. Refer to Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 10 - Risk Management and Financial Instruments for more information on our interest rate hedging program. 
 
 46 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Segment earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 1 
 Liquids Pipelines 
 2,325 2,164 7,179 6,944 Gas Transmission 1,146 973 4,506 3,220 Gas Distribution and Storage 
 522 271 1,854 1,354 Renewable Power Generation 
 102 30 497 295 Eliminations and Other 
 295 (602) (502) (10) Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 1 
 4,390 2,836 13,534 11,803 Depreciation and amortization 
 (1,317) (1,164) (3,783) (3,447) Interest expense (1,314) (921) (3,301) (2,709) Income tax expense 
 (312) (128) (1,437) (1,157) Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (56) (2) (167) (117) Preference share dividends (98) (89) (286) (260) Earnings attributable to common shareholders 
 1,293 532 4,560 4,113 Earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders 0.59 0.26 2.12 2.02 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders 0.59 0.26 2.12 2.02 
 1 Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures . 
 
 Change in Reportable Segments 
 Effective January 1, 2024, to better align how the chief operating decision-maker reviews operating performance and resource allocation across operating segments, we transferred our Canadian and US crude oil marketing businesses from the Energy Services segment to the Liquids Pipelines segment. As a result, the Energy Services segment ceased to exist and the remainder of the business, comprising natural gas and power marketing, are now reported in the Eliminations and Other segment. Beginning in the first quarter of 2024, prior period comparable results for segmented information have been recast to reflect the change in reportable segments. This segment reporting change does not have an impact on our consolidated results. 

EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders were positively impacted by 841 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by the following: 
 
 a non-cash, net unrealized derivative fair value gain of 112 million 92 million after-tax) in 2024, compared with a net unrealized loss of 782 million 591 million after-tax) in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity price risks; 
 the absence in 2024 of a provision adjustment of 124 million 95 million after-tax) related to a litigation matter; 
 a deferred tax recovery of 59 million in 2024 due to change in state apportionment as a result of the Acquisitions; and 
 47 

a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 14 million 13 million after-tax) in 2024, compared with a net loss of 8 million 7 million after-tax) in 2023, reflecting changes in the fair value of investments held by our captive insurance subsidiaries; partially offset by 
 a non-cash revaluation loss of 18 million in 2024 13 million after-tax) to the gas inventory at our Aitken Creek Gas Storage Facility (Aitken Creek). 
 
 The non-cash, unrealized derivative fair value gains and losses discussed above generally arise as a result of our comprehensive economic hedging program to mitigate foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity price risks. This program creates volatility in reported short-term earnings through the recognition of unrealized non-cash gains and losses on derivative instruments used to hedge these risks. Over the long-term, we believe our hedging program supports the reliable cash flows and dividend growth upon which our investor value proposition is based. 
 
 After taking into consideration the factors above, the remaining 80 million decrease in earnings attributable to common shareholders is primarily explained by: 
 
 higher interest expense primarily due to higher interest rates and higher average principal outstanding; 
 higher depreciation and amortization expense mainly driven by the Acquisitions completed in 2024; and 
 absence of contributions from our Gas Transmission segment due to the sale of our interests in the Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable in April 2024; partially offset by 
 full-quarter contributions from Enbridge Gas Ohio and Enbridge Gas Utah, and higher distribution charges resulting from increases in rates and customer base from Enbridge Gas Ontario in our Gas Distribution and Storage segment; 
 higher contributions from our Gas Transmission segment primarily due to acquisitions completed after September 2023, favourable contracting, and lower operating costs in our US Gas Transmission assets; and 
 higher contributions from our Liquids Pipelines segment driven by higher Mainline System tolls effective July 1, 2024 as a result of annual escalators and discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting of Southern Lights Pipeline as at December 31, 2023, net of lower Mainline System throughput in the third quarter of 2024. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders were positively impacted by 430 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by the following: 
 
 a gain on sale of 1.1 billion 765 million after-tax) related to the disposition of interests in the Alliance Pipeline, Aux Sable and NRGreen to Pembina; 
 the absence in 2024 of a realized loss of 638 million 479 million after-tax) due to termination of foreign exchange hedges, as foreign exchange risks inherent within the Competitive Toll Settlement (CTS) are not present in the Mainline Tolling Settlement (MTS); 
 a deferred tax recovery of 141 million in 2024 due to change in state apportionment as a result of the Acquisitions; 
 the absence in 2024 of a provision adjustment of 124 million 95 million after-tax) related to a litigation matter; and 
 a non-cash unrealized net gain of 35 million 32 million after-tax) in 2024, compared with a net gain of 14 million 12 million after-tax) in 2023, reflecting changes in the fair value of investments held by our captive insurance subsidiaries; partially offset by 
 48 

a non-cash, net unrealized derivative fair value loss of 773 million 586 million after-tax) in 2024, compared with a net unrealized gain of 363 million 277 million after-tax) in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity price risks; 
 severance costs of 105 million 79 million after-tax) as a result of a workforce reduction in February 2024; 
 the absence in 2024 of the receipt of a litigation claim settlement of 68 million 52 million after-tax); 
 55 million 46 million after-tax) of integration and transaction costs incurred related to the Acquisitions in 2024, as compared to 21 million 16 million after-tax) of transaction costs in 2023; 
 a non-cash revaluation loss of 47 million in 2024 34 million after-tax) to the gas inventory at Aitken Creek; and 
 a loss of 29 million 23 million after-tax) as a result of the contribution of our 100 interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project to the Whistler Parent JV. 
 
 After taking into consideration the factors above, the remaining 17 million increase in earnings attributable to common shareholders is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 contributions from Enbridge Gas Ohio and Enbridge Gas Utah, and higher distribution charges resulting from increases in rates and customer base from Enbridge Gas Ontario in our Gas Distribution and Storage segment; 
 higher contributions from our Gas Transmission segment primarily due to favorable contracting and lower operating costs in our US Gas Transmission assets, and acquisitions completed after September 2023; 
 higher investment income primarily due to pre-funding of the Acquisitions and timing of certain operating and administrative costs recoveries in our Eliminations and Other segment; and 
 higher contributions from our Liquids Pipelines segment due to discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting of Southern Lights Pipeline as at December 31, 2023, higher volumes from the Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent System and the Bakken System. 
 
 The factors above were partially offset by: 
 
 higher interest expense primarily due to higher interest rates and higher average principal outstanding; 
 higher depreciation and amortization expense as a result of acquisitions and projects placed into service after September 2023; 
 lower contributions from the Mainline System in our Liquids Pipelines segment driven by lower Mainline System tolls as a result of revised tolls effective July 1, 2023 and a lower Line 3 Replacement (L3R) surcharge; 
 higher income tax expense largely driven by higher US minimum tax, changes to the state apportionment and the effects of rate-regulated accounting for income taxes; 
 lower contributions from our Gas Transmission segment due to the sale of our interests in the Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable in April 2024; and 
 realized loss on foreign exchange hedge settlement in 2024 compared to a realized gain in 2023 in our Eliminations and Other segment. 
 
 49 

BUSINESS SEGMENTS 

LIQUIDS PIPELINES 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 
 2,325 2,164 7,179 6,944 

Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 117 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 26 million in 2024, compared with a net unrealized loss of 95 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risks. 
 
 After taking into consideration the factors above, the remaining 44 million increase is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 higher Mainline System tolls effective July 1, 2024 as a result of annual escalators; 
 higher contributions from the Southern Lights Pipeline due primarily to the discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting as at December 31, 2023; and 
 the favorable effect of translating US dollar earnings at a higher average exchange rate in 2024, as compared to 2023; partially offset by 
 lower Mainline System throughput in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023; and 
 lower contributions from Regional Oil Sands System primarily due to lower throughput. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 46 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by the following: 
 
 a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 20 million in 2024, compared with a net unrealized gain of 555 million in 2023, reflecting net fair value gains and losses arising from changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risks; and 
 the absence in 2024 of the receipt of a litigation claim settlement of 68 million; partially offset by 
 the absence in 2024 of a realized loss of 638 million due to termination of foreign exchange hedges, as foreign exchange risks inherent within the CTS framework are not present in the MTS. 
 
 50 

After taking into consideration the factors above, the remaining 189 million increase is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 higher contributions from the Southern Lights Pipeline due primarily to the discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting as at December 31, 2023; 
 higher contributions from the Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent System due primarily to higher volumes on the Flanagan South Pipeline driven by the open season commitments that commenced in the first quarter of 2024, and the Enbridge Ingleside Energy Center due to higher demand; 
 stronger Mainline System performance due to higher throughput and longer haul volumes; 
 higher contributions from the Express-Platte System due primarily to longer haul volumes; 
 the favorable effect of translating US dollar earnings at a higher average exchange rate in 2024, as compared to 2023; and 
 higher contributions from the Bakken System due to higher volumes; partially offset by 
 lower Mainline System tolls as a result of revised tolls effective July 1, 2023 and a lower L3R surcharge. 

GAS TRANSMISSION 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 1,146 973 4,506 3,220 

Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 111 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by: 
 
 the absence in 2024 of a provision adjustment of 124 million related to a litigation matter; partially offset by 
 a non-cash revaluation loss of 18 million to the gas inventory at Aitken Creek. 
 
 The remaining 62 million increase is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 favorable contracting and lower operating costs on our US Gas Transmission assets; 
 contributions from the acquisitions of Aitken Creek in the fourth quarter of 2023, Tomorrow RNG in the first quarter of 2024, and Whistler Parent JV in the second quarter of 2024; and 
 the favorable effect of translating US dollar earnings at a higher average exchange rate in 2024, compared to the same period in 2023; partially offset by 
 the absence of contributions from Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable due to the sale of our interests in these investments to Pembina in April 2024. 
 
 51 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 1,090 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by: 
 
 a gain on sale of 1,063 million on the disposition of interests in the Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable; and 
 the absence in 2024 of a provision adjustment of 124 million related to a litigation matter; partially offset by 
 a non-cash revaluation loss of 47 million to the gas inventory at Aitken Creek; and 
 a loss of 29 million as a result of the contribution of our 100 interest in the Rio Bravo Pipeline project to the Whistler Parent JV. 
 
 The remaining 196 million increase is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 favorable contracting and lower operating costs on our US Gas Transmission assets; 
 contributions from the acquisitions of Tres Palacios in the second quarter of 2023, Aitken Creek in the fourth quarter of 2023, Tomorrow RNG in the first quarter of 2024 and Whistler Parent JV in the second quarter of 2024; 
 the favorable effect of translating US dollar earnings at a higher average exchange rate in 2024, compared to the same period in 2023; and 
 higher first quarter earnings at Aux Sable due to favorable contracting; partially offset by 
 lower contributions from Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable due to the sale of our interests in these investments to Pembina in April 2024; and 
 the absence in 2024 of recognition of revenues attributable to the Texas Eastern 2022 rate case settlement. 

GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 522 271 1,854 1,354 

Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 251 million primarily due to the following significant business factors: 
 
 full-quarter contributions from Enbridge Gas Ohio and Enbridge Gas Utah; and 
 higher distribution charges resulting from increases in rates and customer base, and higher demand in the contract market at Enbridge Gas Ontario. 

52 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 500 million primarily due to the following significant business factors: 
 
 contributions from Enbridge Gas Ohio and Enbridge Gas Utah since their acquisitions in 2024; and 
 higher distribution charges resulting from increases in rates and customer base, and higher demand in the contract market at Enbridge Gas Ontario; partially offset by 
 warmer than normal weather in 2024, when compared with the normal weather forecast embedded in rates, which negatively impacted Enbridge Gas Ontario 2024 EBITDA by approximately 64 million period over period. 

RENEWABLE POWER GENERATION 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 102 30 497 295 

Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 105 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 28 million in 2024, compared with a net unrealized loss of 83 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risks. 
 
 The remaining 33 million decrease is primarily explained by: 
 the absence in 2024 of fees earned on certain wind and solar development contracts; partially offset by 
 higher contributions from the Hohe See and Albatros Offshore Wind Facilities as a result of the November 2023 acquisition of an additional 24.45 interest in these facilities. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 80 million due to certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, primarily explained by: 
 
 a non-cash, net unrealized loss of 8 million in 2024, compared with a net unrealized loss of 79 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risks; and 
 a gain on sale of 29 million related to disposition of our interest in NRGreen to Pembina. 
 
 The remaining 122 million increase is primarily explained by the following significant business factors: 
 
 contributions from our investment in Fox Squirrel Solar as a result of the generation of investment tax credits; 
 higher contributions from the Hohe See and Albatros Offshore Wind Facilities as a result of the November 2023 acquisition of an additional 24.45 interest in these facilities; and 
 stronger wind resources at European offshore wind facilities; partially offset by 
 the absence in 2024 of fees earned on certain wind and solar development contracts. 
 53 

ELIMINATIONS AND OTHER 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 295 (602) (502) (10) 

Eliminations and Other includes operating and administrative costs that are not allocated to business segments, and the impact of foreign exchange hedge settlements and the activities of our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiaries. Eliminations and Other also includes the impact of new business development activities, corporate investments, and natural gas and power marketing and logistical services to North American refiners, producers, and other customers. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was positively impacted by 897 million, primarily due to certain infrequent or non-operating factors, explained by: 
 
 a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 206 million in 2024, compared with a net loss of 661 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risk; and 
 a non-cash, net unrealized gain of 15 million in 2024, compared with a net loss of 8 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the fair value of investments held by our captive insurance subsidiaries. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 EBITDA was negatively impacted by 628 million due to certain infrequent or non-operating factors, primarily explained by: 
 
 a non-cash, net unrealized loss of 745 million in 2024, compared with a net loss of 226 million in 2023, reflecting the change in the mark-to-market value of derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange and commodity price risk; 
 severance costs of 105 million as a result of a workforce reduction in February 2024; and 
 55 million of integration and transaction costs incurred as a result of the Acquisitions in 2024, as compared to 21 million in 2023; partially offset by 
 a non-cash net unrealized gain of 35 million in 2024, compared with a net gain of 14 million in 2023, reflecting changes in the fair value of investments held by our captive insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 After taking into consideration the non-operating factors above, the remaining 136 million increase is primarily explained by: 
 
 higher investment income primarily from the pre-funding of the Acquisitions; and 
 timing of certain operating and administrative cost recoveries from the business units; partially offset by 
 realized foreign exchange loss on hedge settlements in 2024, compared to a gain in 2023. 
 
 54 

GROWTH PROJECTS - COMMERCIALLY SECURED PROJECTS 
 The following table summarizes the status of our significant commercially secured projects, organized by business segment: Enbridge's Ownership Interest Estimated Capital 
 Cost 1 
 Expenditures to Date 2 
 Status 2 
 Expected In-Service Date (Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise) GAS TRANSMISSION 1. Texas Eastern Venice Extension 3 
 100 US 477 million 
 US 370 million 
 Under construction 2024 2. Texas Eastern Modernization 
 100 US 394 million 
 US 102 million 
 Under construction 2025 - 2026 3. T-North Expansion (Aspen Point) 100 1.2 billion 
 181 million 
 Pre-construction 2026 4. Tennessee Ridgeline Expansion 
 100 US 1.1 billion 
 US 175 million 
 Pre-construction 2026 5. Woodfibre LNG 4 
 30 US 1.5 billion 
 US 498 million 
 Under construction 2027 6. T-South Expansion (Sunrise) 100 4.0 billion 
 157 million 
 Pre-construction 2028 7. Canyon System Pipelines 100 US 700 million 
 US 1 million 
 Pre-construction 2029 GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE 8. Moriah Energy Center 5 
 100 US 538 million 
 US 167 million 
 Under construction 2027 9. T15 Reliability Project 5 
 100 US 632 million 
 US 6 million 
 Pre-construction 2027 RENEWABLE POWER GENERATION 10. F camp Offshore Wind 6 
 17.9 692 million 
 631 million 
 In service May 2024 471 million) 
 432 million) 
 11. Calvados Offshore Wind 7 
 21.7 954 million 
 413 million 
 Under construction 2025 645 million) 
 286 million) 
 12. Fox Squirrel Solar 8 
 50 US 574 million 
 US 380 million 
 Under construction 2024 13. Sequoia Solar 
 100 US 1.1 billion 
 US 259 million 
 Various stages 2025 - 2026 
 1 These amounts are estimates and are subject to upward or downward adjustment based on various factors. Where appropriate, the amounts reflect our share of joint venture projects. 
 2 Expenditures to date and status of the project are determined as at September 30, 2024. 
 3 Includes the US 37 million Gator Express Project placed into service in August 2023. Total estimated capital cost consists of the reversal and expansion of Texas Eastern's Line 40 expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 4 Our equity contribution is approximately US 893 million, with the remainder financed through non-recourse project level debt. Capital cost estimates will be updated prior to the 60 engineering milestone, at which point Enbridge's preferred return will be set. 
 5 Previously approved PSNC projects that were acquired by Enbridge through the PSNC Acquisition. 
 6 Our equity contribution is minimal after project refinancing was approved in the first quarter of 2024. The project is financed through non-recourse project level debt. 
 7 Our equity contribution is 181 million, with the remainder financed through non-recourse project level debt. 
 8 Includes three phases of the project. The first phase of the project commenced operations in December 2023, and the second phase commenced operations in the third quarter of 2024. The third phase is expected to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 A full description of each of our projects is provided in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Significant updates that have occurred since the date of filing of our Form 10-K are discussed below. 
 
 55 

GAS TRANSMISSION 
 Canyon System Pipelines 
 Enbridge has sanctioned the construction of two new offshore pipelines in the US Gulf of Mexico to deliver natural gas and crude oil from BP Exploration Production Company's Kaskida offshore project. 
 
 The development includes a new 24/26-inch oil pipeline which will connect to Shell Pipeline Company LP's Green Canyon 19 Platform, and a 12-inch gas pipeline connecting to Enbridge's Magnolia Gas Gathering System. 
 
 Tennessee Ridgeline Expansion 
 The Tennessee Ridgeline Expansion project is an expansion of the East Tennessee Natural Gas (ETNG) system which would provide additional natural gas for the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) to support the replacement of an existing coal-fired power plant as TVA continues to transition its generation mix towards lower-carbon fuels. The proposed scope includes the installation of approximately 125 miles of 30-inch pipeline looping, one electric-powered compressor station, and an 8-megawatt behind-the-meter solar array. 
 
 TVA published a Notice of Intent in the Federal Register on June 15, 2021, to initiate the environmental review process for its proposed action to retire the Kingston Coal-Fired Plant and to replace it with a natural gas plant. On April 2, 2024, TVA issued a Record of Decision (ROD) documenting its decision to adopt TVA's Preferred Alternative to replace the retiring coal generating units at the Kingston Coal-Fired Plant with a natural gas plant. The issuance of the ROD adopting its Preferred Alternative satisfied a key condition of TVA's Precedent Agreement with ETNG related to the ETNG Ridgeline Expansion project. 
 
 All necessary regulatory authorizations from the FERC and other federal and state agencies will be obtained before construction of the project commences. Pending the approval and receipt of all necessary permits, construction is expected to begin in 2025 with a target in-service date of late 2026. 
 
 GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE 
 Moriah Energy Center 
 Moriah Energy Center is a LNG facility that is under construction in Person County, North Carolina with 2 bcf storage capacity. The facility is required to ensure system reliability and address supply constraints due to customer growth, and will be designed with trucking capabilities to support other LNG facilities. The construction started in first quarter of 2024 and is expected to achieve completion in 2027. 
 
 T-15 Reliability Project 
 The T-15 Reliability Project includes the construction of 45 miles of transmission pipe, a compressor station and associated metering and regulation facilities in Rockingham, Caswell, and Person counties in North Carolina. The project is expected to start construction in 2026 and to achieve project completion in 2027. 
 
 RENEWABLE POWER GENERATION 
 Sequoia Solar Project 
 On November 1, 2024, Enbridge announced that it has sanctioned the Sequoia Solar Project, a 815-megawatt solar farm located approximately 150 miles west of Dallas, Texas. The two-phased project is expected to achieve project completion in 2025 and 2026. 
 
 56 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 The maintenance of financial strength and flexibility is fundamental to our growth strategy, particularly in light of the significant number and size of capital projects currently secured or under development. Access to timely funding from capital markets could be limited by factors outside our control, including but not limited to, financial market volatility resulting from economic and political events both inside and outside North America. To mitigate such risks, we actively manage financial plans and strategies to help ensure we maintain sufficient liquidity to meet routine operating and future capital requirements. 
 
 In the near term, we generally expect to utilize cash from operations together with commercial paper issuances and/or credit facility draws and the proceeds of capital market offerings to fund liabilities as they become due, finance capital expenditures and acquisitions, fund debt retirements and pay common and preference share dividends. We target to maintain sufficient liquidity through securement of committed credit facilities with a diversified group of banks and financial institutions to enable us to fund all anticipated requirements for approximately one year without accessing the capital markets. 
 
 We have signed capital obligation contracts for the purchase of services, pipe and other materials totaling approximately 2.6 billion, which are expected to be paid over the next five years. 
 
 Our financing plan is regularly updated to reflect evolving capital requirements and financial market conditions and identifies a variety of potential sources of debt and equity funding alternatives. 
 
 CAPITAL MARKET ACCESS 
 We ensure ready access to capital markets, subject to market conditions, through maintenance of shelf prospectuses that allow for issuances of long-term debt, equity and other forms of long-term capital when market conditions are attractive. 
 
 Credit Facilities and Liquidity 
 To ensure ongoing liquidity and to mitigate the risk of capital market disruption, we maintain ready access to funds through committed bank credit facilities and actively manage our bank funding sources to optimize pricing and other terms. The following table provides details of our committed credit facilities as at September 30, 2024: 
 Maturity 1 
 Total Facilities Draws 2 
 Available (millions of Canadian dollars) Enbridge Inc. 2025-2049 8,835 3,993 4,842 Enbridge (U.S.) Inc. 2026-2029 10,403 2,518 7,885 Enbridge Pipelines Inc. 2026 2,000 1,095 905 Enbridge Gas Inc. 2026 2,500 930 1,570 Total committed credit facilities 23,738 8,536 15,202 
 1 Maturity date is inclusive of the one-year term out option for certain credit facilities. 
 2 Includes facility draws and commercial paper issuances that are back-stopped by credit facilities. 
 
 In March 2024, we entered into a delayed-draw term loan facility in support of sustainable retrofit projects for large buildings using decarbonization solutions for 200 million which matures in March 2049. 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into a five-year, non-revolving term loan facility of US 250 million which matures in June 2029. 
 
 In July 2024, we renewed approximately 8.8 billion of our 364-day extendible credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. We also renewed approximately 7.8 billion of our five-year credit facilities, extending the maturity dates to July 2029. Further, we extended the maturity dates of our three-year credit facilities to July 2027. 
 
 57 

In July 2024, Enbridge Gas Ontario extended the maturity date of its 364-day extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 In July 2024, Enbridge Pipelines Inc. extended the maturity date of its 364-day extendible credit facility to July 2026, which includes a one-year term out provision from July 2025. 
 
 In addition to the committed credit facilities noted above, we maintain 1.3 billion of uncommitted demand letter of credit facilities, of which 859 million was unutilized as at September 30, 2024. As at December 31, 2023, we had 1.1 billion of uncommitted demand letter of credit facilities, of which 572 million was unutilized. 
 
 In October 2024, we increased our letter of credit facilities by 200 million. 
 
 As at September 30, 2024, our net available liquidity totaled 17.1 billion (December 31, 2023 - 23.0 billion), consisting of available credit facilities of 15.2 billion (December 31, 2023 - 17.1 billion) and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 1.9 billion (December 31, 2023 - 5.9 billion) as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 Our credit facility agreements and term debt indentures include standard events of default and covenant provisions whereby accelerated repayment and/or termination of the agreements may result if we were to default on payment or violate certain covenants. As at September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such debt covenant provisions. 
 
 LONG-TERM DEBT ISSUANCES 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the following long-term debt issuances totaling US 5.1 billion and 1.8 billion: 
 Company Issue Date Principal Amount (millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated) Enbridge Inc. April 2024 5.25 senior notes due April 2027 US 750 April 2024 5.30 senior notes due April 2029 US 750 April 2024 5.63 senior notes due April 2034 US 1,200 April 2024 5.95 senior notes due April 2054 US 800 June 2024 7.38 fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes due March 2055 1 
 US 500 June 2024 7.20 fixed-to-fixed subordinated notes due June 2054 2 
 US 700 August 2024 4.21 medium-term notes due February 2030 600 August 2024 4.73 medium-term notes due August 2034 800 August 2024 5.32 medium-term notes due August 2054 400 Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC July 2024 5.95 senior notes due July 2034 US 350 
 1 For the initial 5.5 years, the notes carry a fixed interest rate. On March 15, 2030, the interest rate will be reset to equal the Five-Year US Treasury rate plus a margin of 3.12 . 
 2 For the initial 9.75 years, the notes carry a fixed interest rate. On June 27, 2034, the interest rate will be reset to equal the Five-Year US Treasury rate plus a margin of 2.97 . 
 
 58 

LONG-TERM DEBT REPAYMENTS 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the following long-term debt repayments totaling US 3.6 billion, 0.8 billion and 23 million: 
 Company Repayment Date Principal Amount (millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated) Enbridge Inc. February 2024 Floating rate notes 1 
 US 600 February 2024 2.15 senior notes US 400 March 2024 5.97 senior notes 2 
 US 700 June 2024 3.50 senior notes US 500 Enbridge Gas Inc. August 2024 3.15 medium-term notes 215 Enbridge Pipelines (Southern Lights) L.L.C. June 2024 3.98 senior notes US 42 Enbridge Pipelines Inc. February 2024 8.20 debentures 200 Enbridge Southern Lights LP January and July 2024 4.01 senior notes 20 Westcoast Energy Inc. September 2024 3.43 medium-term notes 350 Spectra Energy Partners, LP March 2024 4.75 senior notes US 1,000 Blauracke GmbH April 2024 2.10 senior notes 23 Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC July 2024 3.51 senior notes US 350 
 1 The notes carried an interest rate set to equal the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin of 63 basis points. 
 2 The notes carried an original maturity date in March 2026, and were callable in March 2024, which was one year after their issuance. 
 
 Strong internal cash flow, ready access to liquidity from diversified sources and a stable business model have enabled us to manage our credit profile. We actively monitor and manage key financial metrics with the objective of sustaining investment grade credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies and ongoing access to bank funding and term debt capital on attractive terms. Key measures of financial strength that are closely managed include the ability to service debt obligations from operating cash flow and the ratio of debt to EBITDA. 
 
 There are no material restrictions on our cash. Total restricted cash of 133 million, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, primarily includes reinsurance security, cash collateral, future pipeline abandonment costs collected and held in trust, amounts received in respect of specific shipper commitments and capital projects. Cash and cash equivalents held by certain subsidiaries may not be readily accessible for alternative uses by us. 
 
 Excluding current maturities of long-term debt, as at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had negative and positive working capital positions of 0.1 billion and 3.0 billion, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the major contributing factor to the negative working capital position was a decrease in cash as a result of the Acquisitions, while during the year ended December 31, 2023, the major contributing factor to the positive working capital position was due to the increase in cash associated with pre-funding of the Acquisitions. We maintain significant liquidity in the form of committed credit facilities and other sources as previously discussed, which enable the funding of liabilities as they become due. 
 
 59 

SOURCES AND USES OF CASH 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Operating activities 8,938 10,389 Investing activities (15,915) (3,503) Financing activities 2,943 (5,146) Effect of translation of foreign denominated cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 151 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (3,883) 1,740 
 
 Significant sources and uses of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: 
 
 Operating Activities 
 The primary factors impacting cash provided by operating activities period-over-period include changes in our operating assets and liabilities in the normal course due to various factors, including the impact of fluctuations in commodity prices and activity levels on working capital within our business segments, the timing of tax payments and cash receipts and payments generally. Cash provided by operating activities is also impacted by changes in earnings and certain infrequent or other non-operating factors, as discussed in Results of Operations, as well as Distributions from equity investments. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities includes capital expenditures to execute our capital program, which is further described in Growth Projects - Commercially Secured Projects. The timing of project a pproval, construction and in-service dates impacts the timing of cash requirements. Cash used in investing activities is also impacted by acquisitions, dispositions and changes in contributions to, and distributions from, our equity investments. The increase in cash used in investing activi ties period-over-period was primarily due to the acquisitions of EOG, Questar, PSNC, and Tomorrow RNG, as well as our contributions to acquire an equity interest in the Whistler Parent JV, which were partially offset by proceeds received from the disposition of our interests in the Alliance Pipeline, Aux Sable and NRGreen. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by or used in financing activities primarily relates to issuances and repayments of external debt, as well as transactions with our common and preference shareholders relating to dividends, share issuances, share redemptions and common share repurchases under our normal course issuer bid. Cash provided by or used in financing activities is also impacted by changes in distributions to, and contributions from, noncontrolling interests. Factors impacting the increase in cash provided by financing activities period-over-period primarily include: 
 
 net commercial paper and credit facility draws in 2024 when compared to net repayments during the same period in 2023; 
 the ATM Program, resulting in the issuance of 51,298,629 common shares for aggregate net proceeds of 2.5 billion in 2024; and 
 lower net repayments of short-term borrowings in 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 The factors above were partially offset by: 
 
 higher long-term debt repayments and lower long-term debt issuances in 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023; 
 the absence in 2024 of the public offering of common shares, which closed on September 8, 2023 for gross proceeds of 4.6 billion; and 
 60 

increased common share dividend payments primarily due to the increase in our common share dividend rate and an increase in the number of common shares outstanding. 

SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 On January 22, 2019, Enbridge entered into supplemental indentures with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) and Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) (together, the Partnerships), pursuant to which Enbridge fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, the payment obligations of the Partnerships with respect to the outstanding series of notes issued under the respective indentures of the Partnerships. Concurrently, the Partnerships entered into a subsidiary guarantee agreement pursuant to which they fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, the outstanding series of senior notes of Enbridge. The Partnerships have also entered into supplemental indentures with Enbridge pursuant to which the Partnerships have issued full and unconditional guarantees, on a senior unsecured basis, of senior notes issued by Enbridge subsequent to January 22, 2019. As a result of the guarantees, holders of any of the outstanding guaranteed notes of the Partnerships (the Guaranteed Partnership Notes) are in the same position with respect to the net assets, income and cash flows of Enbridge as holders of Enbridge's outstanding guaranteed notes (the Guaranteed Enbridge Notes), and vice versa. Other than the Partnerships, Enbridge subsidiaries (including the subsidiaries of the Partnerships, collectively, the Subsidiary Non-Guarantors), are not parties to the subsidiary guarantee agreement and have not otherwise guaranteed any of Enbridge's outstanding series of senior notes. 
 
 Consenting SEP notes and EEP notes under Guarantees 
 SEP Notes 1 
 EEP Notes 2 
 3.50 Senior Notes due 2025 5.88 Notes due 2025 3.38 Senior Notes due 2026 5.95 Notes due 2033 5.95 Senior Notes due 2043 6.30 Notes due 2034 4.50 Senior Notes due 2045 7.50 Notes due 2038 5.50 Notes due 2040 7.38 Notes due 2045 
 1 As at September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of SEP notes was approximately US 2.2 billion. 
 2 As at September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of EEP notes was approximately US 2.4 billion. 
 
 61 

Enbridge Notes under Guarantees 
 USD Denominated 1 
 CAD Denominated 2 
 2.50 Senior Notes due 2025 3.95 Senior Notes due 2024 2.50 Senior Notes due 2025 2.44 Senior Notes due 2025 4.25 Senior Notes due 2026 3.20 Senior Notes due 2027 1.60 Senior Notes due 2026 5.70 Senior Notes due 2027 5.90 Senior Notes due 2026 6.10 Senior Notes due 2028 3.70 Senior Notes due 2027 4.90 Senior Notes due 2028 5.25 Senior Notes due 2027 2.99 Senior Notes due 2029 6.00 Senior Notes due 2028 7.22 Senior Notes due 2030 3.13 Senior Notes due 2029 4.21 Senior Notes due 2030 5.30 Senior Notes due 2029 7.20 Senior Notes due 2032 6.20 Senior Notes due 2030 6.10 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2032 2.50 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 3.10 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 5.70 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 5.36 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 5.63 Senior Notes due 2034 4.73 Senior Notes due 2034 4.50 Senior Notes due 2044 5.57 Senior Notes due 2035 5.50 Senior Notes due 2046 5.75 Senior Notes due 2039 4.00 Senior Notes due 2049 5.12 Senior Notes due 2040 3.40 Senior Notes due 2051 4.24 Senior Notes due 2042 6.70 Senior Notes due 2053 4.57 Senior Notes due 2044 5.95 Senior Notes due 2054 4.87 Senior Notes due 2044 4.10 Senior Notes due 2051 6.51 Senior Notes due 2052 5.76 Senior Notes due 2053 5.32 Senior Notes due 2054 4.56 Senior Notes due 2064 
 1 As at September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Enbridge US dollar-denominated notes was approximately US 17.0 billion. 
 2 As at September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Enbridge Canadian dollar-denominated notes was approximately 12.8 billion. 
 
 Rule 3-10 of the US SEC Regulation S-X provides an exemption from the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for fully consolidated subsidiary issuers of guaranteed securities and subsidiary guarantors and allows for summarized financial information in lieu of filing separate financial statements for each of the Partnerships. 
 
 62 

The following Summarized Combined Statement of Earnings and Summarized Combined Statements of Financial Position combines the balances of SEP, EEP, and Enbridge. 
 
 Summarized Combined Statement of Earnings 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (millions of Canadian dollars) Operating loss (42) Earnings 943 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 657 
 
 Summarized Combined Statements of Financial Position 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars) Cash and cash equivalents 1,712 6,525 Accounts receivable from affiliates 3,768 3,440 Short-term loans receivable from affiliates 3,388 3,291 Trade accounts receivable and unbilled revenue 45 Other current assets 363 491 Long-term loans receivable from affiliates 54,413 45,702 Other long-term assets 1,778 3,303 Accounts payable to affiliates 2,209 2,264 Short-term loans payable to affiliates 1,207 807 Trade payables and accrued liabilities 419 743 Other current liabilities 5,003 7,256 Long-term loans payable to affiliates 36,371 35,556 Other long-term liabilities 58,281 52,096 
 
 The Guaranteed Enbridge Notes and the Guaranteed Partnership Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness of the Subsidiary Non-Guarantors in respect of the assets of those Subsidiary Non-Guarantors. 
 
 Under US bankruptcy law and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, a guarantee can be voided, or claims may be subordinated to all other debts of that guarantor if, among other things, the guarantor, at the time the indebtedness evidenced by its guarantee or, in some states, when payments become due under the guarantee: 
 
 received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the incurrence of the guarantee and was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence; 
 was engaged in a business or transaction for which the guarantor s remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or 
 intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay those debts as they mature. 
 
 The guarantees of the Guaranteed Enbridge Notes contain provisions to limit the maximum amount of liability that the Partnerships could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under the guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under US federal or state law. 
 
 Each of the Partnerships is entitled to a right of contribution from the other Partnership for 50 of all payments, damages and expenses incurred by that Partnership in discharging its obligations under the guarantees for the Guaranteed Enbridge Notes. 
 
 63 

Under the terms of the guarantee agreement and applicable supplemental indentures, the guarantees of either of the Partnerships of any Guaranteed Enbridge Notes will be unconditionally released and discharged automatically upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
 any direct or indirect sale, exchange or transfer, whether by way of merger, sale or transfer of equity interests or otherwise, to any person that is not an affiliate of Enbridge, of any of Enbridge s direct or indirect limited partnership of other equity interests in that Partnership as a result of which the Partnership ceases to be a consolidated subsidiary of Enbridge; 
 the merger of that Partnership into Enbridge or the other Partnership or the liquidation and dissolution of that Partnership; 
 the repayment in full or discharge or defeasance of those Guaranteed Enbridge Notes, as contemplated by the applicable indenture or guarantee agreement; 
 with respect to EEP, the repayment in full or discharge or defeasance of each of the consenting EEP notes listed above; 
 with respect to SEP, the repayment in full or discharge or defeasance of each of the consenting SEP notes listed above; or 
 with respect to any series of Guaranteed Enbridge Notes, with the consent of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding principal amount of that series of Guaranteed Enbridge Notes. 
 
 The guarantee obligations of Enbridge will terminate with respect to any series of Guaranteed Partnership Notes if that series is discharged or defeased. 
 
 The Partnerships also guarantee the obligations of Enbridge under its existing credit facilities. 

LEGAL AND OTHER UPDATES 
 
 MICHIGAN LINE 5 DUAL PIPELINES - STRAITS OF MACKINAC EASEMENT 
 Michigan Attorney General Lawsuit 
 In 2019, the Michigan Attorney General (AG) filed a complaint in the Michigan Ingham County Circuit Court (the Circuit Court) that requests the Circuit Court to declare the easement granted to Enbridge in 1953 for the operation of Line 5 in the Straits of Mackinac (the Straits) to be invalid and to prohibit continued operation of Line 5 in the Straits. On December 15, 2021, Enbridge removed the case to the US District Court in the Western District of Michigan (US District Court). The removal of the AG's case to federal court followed a November 16, 2021, ruling which held that the similar (and now dismissed) 2020 lawsuit brought by the Governor of Michigan to force Line 5's shutdown raised important federal issues that should be heard in federal court. The AG subsequently filed various motions and appeals (opposed by Enbridge) to remand the case. 
 
 On June 17, 2024, the 6 th Circuit Court of Appeals (6 th Circuit) overturned the US District Court s decision and remanded the AG's lawsuit against Enbridge back to the Circuit Court. On July 15, 2024, Enbridge filed a petition for rehearing, which was denied on August 16, 2024. 
 
 A decision on the merits of the AG's case is not anticipated in the next twelve months, as the matter is still in the pretrial motion stage of the case. 
 
 Enbridge Lawsuit 
 On November 24, 2020, Enbridge filed in the US District Court a Complaint for Declaratory and Injunctive Relief requesting that the US District Court enjoin the State of Michigan Officials from taking any action to prevent or impede the operation of Line 5. The Government of Canada has filed a supplemental brief reiterating that the 1977 Transit Pipelines Treaty between the US and Canada has been invoked and that the matter is of great importance to Canada. This matter remains in federal court. 
 
 64 

In January 2022, the State of Michigan Officials filed a motion to dismiss Enbridge's Complaint and Enbridge filed a motion for Summary Judgment. On July 5, 2024, the US District Court issued an Order denying the Michigan officials' motion to dismiss Enbridge's Complaint, and the State of Michigan Officials filed for an immediate appeal to the 6 th Circuit. On August 29, 2024, the US District Court issued an order staying the case, pending the 6 th Circuit s decision, which is expected in 2025. 
 
 DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE 
 We own an effective interest of 27.6 in the Bakken Pipeline System, which is inclusive of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe filed lawsuits in 2016 with the US Court for the District of Columbia (the DC District Court) contesting the lawfulness of the Army Corps easement for DAPL, including the adequacy of the Army Corps' environmental review and tribal consultation process. The Oglala Sioux and Yankton Sioux Tribes also filed lawsuits alleging similar claims in 2018. 
 
 On June 14, 2017, the DC District Court found the Army Corps' environmental review to be deficient and ordered the Army Corps to conduct further study concerning spill risks from DAPL. 
 
 On March 25, 2020, in response to amended complaints from the Tribes, the DC District Court found that the Army Corps' subsequent environmental review completed in August 2018 was also deficient and ordered the Army Corps to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) to address unresolved controversy pertaining to potential spill impacts resulting from DAPL. On July 6, 2020, the DC District Court issued an order vacating the Army Corps' easement for DAPL and ordering that the pipeline be shut down by August 5, 2020. On that day, the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit stayed the DC District Court's July 6 order to shut down and empty the pipeline. 
 
 On January 26, 2021, the US Court of Appeals affirmed the DC District Court's decision, holding that the Army Corps is required to prepare an EIS and that the Army Corps' easement for DAPL is vacated. The US Supreme Court subsequently denied the request of Dakota Access, LLC to review the decision that an EIS is required. The US Court of Appeals also determined that, absent an injunction proceeding, the DC District Court could not order DAPL's operations to cease. While not an issue before, the US Court of Appeals also recognized that the Army Corps could consider whether to allow DAPL to continue to operate in the absence of an easement. The Army Corps earlier indicated that it did not intend to exercise its authority to bar DAPL's continued operation, notwithstanding the absence of an easement. 
 
 On September 8, 2023, the Army Corps issued its draft EIS, which assesses the impacts of DAPL under five alternative scenarios: denying the easement removing the pipeline; denying the easement and leaving the pipeline in place; granting the easement with the prior conditions (which allow for the ongoing operation, maintenance and ultimate removal of the pipeline and its related facilities); granting the easement with some new safety conditions; and rerouting the pipeline. The Army Corps did not identify a preferred alternative. The public comment period that commenced on the issuance of the draft EIS closed 
 on December 13, 2023. The pipeline remains operational while the environmental review process continues. 
 
 On October 15, 2024, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe filed a complaint in the DC District Court against the Army Corps, among others, seeking a permanent injunction prohibiting the continued operation of DAPL. The main allegations of the complaint are that the Army Corps is unlawfully permitting DAPL to continue to operate without an easement and without a determination under the National Environmental Policy Act, and that the Army Corps has failed to require that a compliant Facility Response Plan be submitted. Several of the claims are similar to those in the litigation described above. 
 
 65 

OTHER LITIGATION 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to various other legal and regulatory actions and proceedings which arise in the normal course of business, including interventions in regulatory proceedings and challenges to regulatory approvals and permits. While the final outcome of such actions and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the resolution of such actions and proceedings will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 TAX MATTERS 
 We and our subsidiaries maintain tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions. While fully supportable in our view, these tax positions, if challenged by tax authorities, may not be fully sustained on review. 

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Refer to Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 2. Changes in Accounting Policies. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our exposure to market risk is described in Part II. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We believe our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since then. 
 
 66 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as at September 30, 2024, and based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file with or submit to the SEC and the Canadian Securities Administrators is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 67 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in various legal and regulatory actions and proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. While the final outcome of such actions and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the resolution of such actions and proceedings will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Refer to Part I. Item 2 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Legal and Other Updates for discussion of certain legal proceedings with recent developments. 
 
 SEC regulations require the disclosure of any proceeding under environmental laws to which a governmental authority is a party unless the registrant reasonably believes it will not result in monetary sanctions over a certain threshold. Given the size of our operations, we have elected to use a threshold of US 1 million for the purposes of determining proceedings requiring disclosure. We have no such proceedings to disclose in this quarterly report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, careful consideration should be given to the factors discussed in Part I. Item 1A . Risk Factors of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our financial condition or future results. There have been no material modifications to those risk factors. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 68 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 . 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Each exhibit identified below is included as a part of this quarterly report. Exhibits included in this filing are designated by an asterisk (" "); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. Exhibits designated with a " " are furnished herewith. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 22.1 
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101) 
 69 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ENBRIDGE INC. (Registrant) Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory L. Ebel Gregory L. Ebel President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Patrick R. Murray Patrick R. Murray Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 70 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 eiex221-subsidiaryguaranto.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, each of the following subsidiaries of Enbridge Inc. Enbridge ), both of which are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Enbridge, has fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis, each of the registered debt securities of Enbridge listed below 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 1. Spectra Energy Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 2. Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
 
 Registered Debt Securities of Enbridge Guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 1. 2.500 Senior Notes due 2025 
 2. 2.500 Senior Notes due 2025 
 3. 4.250 Senior Notes due 2026 
 4. 1.600 Senior Notes due 2026 
 5. 5.900 Senior Notes due 2026 
 6. 3.700 Senior Notes due 2027 
 7. 5.250 Senior Notes due 2027 
 8. 6.000 Senior Notes due 2028 
 9. 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 
 10. 5.300 Senior Notes due 2029 
 11. 6.200 Senior Notes due 2030 
 12. 2.500 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 
 13. 5.700 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2033 
 14. 5.625 Senior Notes due 2034 
 15. 4.500 Senior Notes due 2044 
 16. 5.500 Senior Notes due 2046 
 17. 4.000 Senior Notes due 2049 
 18. 3.400 Senior Notes due 2051 
 19. 6.700 Senior Notes due 2053 
 20. 5.950 Senior Notes due 2054 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ei-ex31152x109f2ceocertifi.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregory L. Ebel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enbridge Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 By s Gregory L. Ebel Gregory L. Ebel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Enbridge Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ei-ex31252x109f2cfocertifi.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Patrick R. Murray, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enbridge Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 By s Patrick R. Murray Patrick R. Murray Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Enbridge Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ei-ex321ceocertification90.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Enbridge Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory L. Ebel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Enbridge Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enbridge Inc. 

Date November 1, 2024 By s Gregory L. Ebel Gregory L. Ebel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Enbridge Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ei-ex322cfocertification90.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Enbridge Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick R. Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enbridge Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enbridge Inc. 

Date November 1, 2024 By s Patrick R. Murray Patrick R. Murray Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) Enbridge Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 enb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 enb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 enb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 enb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 enb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

