<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-Q_edgar_data_1166388_0001166388-24-000176.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11233749</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199661</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1904470</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3772959</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2737988</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2400022</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001166388-24-000176.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204165801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001166388-24-000176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERINT SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001166388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				113200514
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34807
		FILM NUMBER:		241526887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6319629600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001166388-24-000176.txt : 20241204

10-Q
 1
 vrnt-20241031.htm
 10-Q

vrnt-20241031 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission File No. 

. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NASDAQ Global Select Market) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding on November 15, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 Verint Systems Inc. and Subsidiaries Index to Form 10-Q As of and For the Period Ended October 31, 2024 
 Page Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 53 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 53 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 54 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 54 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 55 
 Signature 
 56 

i 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, financial projections, statements of plans and objectives for future operations, statements of future economic performance, and statements of assumptions relating thereto. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and are often identified by future or conditional words such as will , plans , expects , intends , believes , seeks , estimates , or anticipates , or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will be achieved. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other important factors that could cause our actual results or conditions to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause our actual results or conditions to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include, among others: 
 
 uncertainties regarding the impact of changes in macroeconomic and/or global conditions, including as a result of slowdowns, recessions, economic instability, elevated interest rates, tightening credit markets, inflation, instability in the banking sector, actual or threatened trade wars, political unrest, armed conflicts, natural disasters, or outbreaks of disease (including global epidemics or pandemics), as well as the resulting impact on spending by customers or partners, on our business; 
 risks that our customers or partners delay, downsize, cancel, or refrain from placing orders or renewing subscriptions or contracts, or are unable to honor contractual commitments or payment obligations due to challenges or uncertainties in their budgets, liquidity, or businesses; 
 risks associated with our ability to keep pace with technological advances and challenges and evolving industry standards, including achieving, demonstrating, and maintaining the competitive differentiation of our solution platform; to adapt to changing market potential from area to area within our markets; and to successfully develop, launch, and drive demand for new, innovative, high-quality products and services that meet or exceed customer challenges and needs, while simultaneously preserving our legacy businesses and migrating away from areas of commoditization; 
 risks due to aggressive competition in all of our markets and our ability to keep pace with competitors, some of whom may be able to grow faster than us or have greater resources than us, including in areas such as sales and marketing, branding, technological innovation and development, and recruiting and retention; 
 risks associated with our ability to properly execute on our software as a service SaaS transition, including successfully transitioning customers to our cloud platform and the increased importance of subscription renewal rates and term lengths, and risk of increased variability in our period-to-period results based on the mix, terms, and timing of our transactions; 
 risks relating to our ability to properly identify and execute on growth or strategic initiatives, manage investments in our business and operations, and enhance our existing operations and infrastructure, including the proper prioritization and allocation of limited financial and other resources; 
 risks associated with our ability to or costs to retain, recruit, and train qualified personnel and management in regions in which we operate either physically or remotely, including in new markets and growth areas we may enter, due to competition for talent, increased labor costs, applicable regulatory requirements, or otherwise; 
 challenges associated with selling sophisticated solutions and cloud-based solutions, which may incorporate newer technologies, such as artificial intelligence AI ), whose adoption, value, and use-cases are still emerging (and may present risks of their own), including with respect to longer sales cycles, more complex sales processes and customer evaluation and approval processes, more complex contractual and information security requirements, and assisting customers in understanding and realizing the benefits of our solutions and technologies (including versus those of our competitors), as well as with developing, offering, implementing, and maintaining an enterprise-class, broad solution portfolio; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 risks that we may be unable to maintain, expand, or enable our relationships with partners as part of our growth strategy, including partners with whom we may overlap or compete, while avoiding excessive concentration with one or more partners; 
 risks associated with our reliance on third-party suppliers, partners, or original equipment manufacturers OEMs for certain services, products, or components, including companies that may compete with us or work with our competitors; 
 risks associated with our significant international operations, including exposure to regions subject to political or economic instability, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, inflation, increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities, and challenges associated with a significant portion of our cash being held overseas; 
 risks associated with a significant part of our business coming from government contracts, and associated procurement processes and regulatory requirements; 
 risks associated with our ability to identify suitable targets for acquisition or investment or successfully compete for, consummate, and implement mergers and acquisitions, including risks associated with valuations, legacy liabilities, reputational considerations, capital constraints, costs and expenses, maintaining profitability levels, expansion into new areas, management distraction, post-acquisition integration activities, and potential asset impairments; 
 risks associated with complex and changing domestic and foreign regulatory environments, including, among others, with respect to data privacy, AI, cyber/information security, government contracts, anti-corruption, trade compliance, climate change or other environmental, social and governance matters, tax, and labor matters, relating to our own operations, the products and services we offer, and/or the use of our solutions by our customers; 
 risks associated with the mishandling or perceived mishandling of sensitive or confidential information and data, including personally identifiable information or other information that may belong to our customers or other third parties, including in connection with our SaaS or other hosted or managed services offerings or when we are asked to perform service or support; 
 risks associated with our reliance on third parties to provide certain cloud hosting or other cloud-based services to us or our customers, including the risk of service disruptions, data breaches, or data loss or corruption; 
 risks that our solutions or services, or those of third-party suppliers, partners, or OEMs which we use in or with our offerings or otherwise rely on, including third-party hosting platforms, may contain defects, vulnerabilities, or develop operational problems; 
 risk that we or our solutions may be subject to security vulnerabilities or lapses, including cyber-attacks, information technology system breaches, failures, or disruptions; 
 risks that our intellectual property IP rights may not be adequate to protect our business or assets or that others may make claims on our IP, claim infringement on their IP rights, or claim a violation of their license rights, including relative to free or open source components we may use; 
 risks associated with leverage resulting from our current debt position or our ability to incur additional debt, including with respect to liquidity considerations, covenant limitations and compliance, fluctuations in interest rates, dilution considerations (with respect to our convertible notes), and our ability to maintain our credit ratings; 
 risks that we may experience liquidity or working capital issues and related risks that financing sources may be unavailable to us on reasonable terms or at all; 
 risks arising as a result of contingent or other obligations or liabilities assumed in our acquisition of our former parent company, Comverse Technology, Inc. CTI ), or associated with formerly being consolidated with, and part of a consolidated tax group with, CTI; 
 risks associated with changing accounting principles or standards, tax laws and regulations, tax rates, and the continuing availability of expected tax benefits; 
 risks relating to the adequacy of our existing infrastructure, systems, processes, policies, procedures, internal controls, and personnel, and our ability to successfully implement and maintain enhancements to the foregoing, for our current and future operations and reporting needs, including related risks of financial statement omissions, misstatements, restatements, or filing delays; 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 risks associated with market volatility in the prices of our common stock and convertible notes based on our performance, third-party publications or speculation, or other factors, and risks associated with actions of activist stockholders; 
 risks associated with Apax Partners significant ownership position and potential that its interests will not be aligned with those of our common stockholders; and 
 risks associated with the February 1, 2021 spin-off (the Spin-Off of our former Cyber Intelligence Solutions business, including the possibility that the Spin-Off transaction does not achieve the benefits anticipated, does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, or exposes us to unexpected claims or liabilities. 
 These risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and challenges, as well as other factors, are discussed in greater detail in Risk Factors under Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date of this report. We make no commitment to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances after the date any such statement is made, except as otherwise required under the federal securities laws. If we were in any particular instance to update or correct a forward-looking statement, investors and others should not conclude that we would make additional updates or corrections thereafter except as otherwise required under the federal securities laws. 
 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) Page Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and N ine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

1 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) October 31, January 31, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2024 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million, respectively 
 Contract assets, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders' Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies par value; authorized shares 
 Series A Preferred Stock; shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference and redemption value of and at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 Series B Preferred Stock; shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference and redemption value of and at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 Total temporary equity Stockholders' Equity: Common stock par value; authorized shares; issued and shares; outstanding and shares at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Verint Systems Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, temporary equity, and stockholders' equity 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Recurring Nonrecurring Total revenue Cost of revenue: Recurring Nonrecurring Amortization of acquired technology Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development, net Selling, general and administrative Amortization of other acquired intangible assets Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares ) Net income (loss) per common share attributable to Verint Systems Inc.: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net increase (decrease) from foreign exchange contracts designated as hedges ) ) ) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes on net increase (decrease) from foreign exchange contracts designated as hedges ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 Verint Systems Inc. Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital (Accumulated 
 Deficit) / Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total Verint Systems Inc. Stockholders Equity Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands) Shares Par Value Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Balances as of January 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances as of April 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Balances as of July 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation - equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2024 ) 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Verint Systems Inc. Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total Verint Systems Inc. Stockholders Equity Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands) Shares Par Value Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling Interests Balances as of January 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances as of April 30, 2023 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances as of July 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation - equity-classified awards Common stock issued for stock awards and stock bonuses Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2023 ) ) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation, excluding cash-settled awards Losses on early retirements of debt Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business combinations and divestitures: Accounts receivable Contract assets ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for asset acquisitions and business combinations, including adjustments, net of cash acquired ) ) Divestitures, net of cash divested Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Maturities and sales of investments Cash paid for capitalized software development costs ) ) Change in restricted bank time deposits, and other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings and other financing obligations ) ) Purchases of treasury stock and common stock for retirement ) ) Preferred stock dividend payments ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Payments of contingent consideration for business combinations (financing portion) ) ) Cash received for contingent consideration for business divestitures (financing portion) and other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Foreign currency effects on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents at end of period to the condensed consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 VERINT SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 of the Fortune 100 companies use the Verint Open Platform and our team of AI-powered bots to deliver tangible AI business outcomes across the enterprise. 
 
 Verint is uniquely positioned to help brands increase CX automation with our differentiated AI-powered Open Platform. Brands today are challenged to delight their customers while facing limited budgets and resources. As a result, organizations are turning to AI-powered platforms specifically designed for the customer engagement domain to increase the level of their CX automation. 
 
 Verint is headquartered in Melville, New York, and has approximately offices worldwide, in addition to a number of on-demand, flexible coworking spaces. We have approximately employees plus a few hundred contractors around the globe. 
 
 Apax Convertible Preferred Stock Investment 
 
 On December 4, 2019, we announced that an affiliate (the Apax Investor of Apax Partners Apax would make an investment in us in an amount of up to million. Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2019 (the Investment Agreement ), on May 7, 2020, the Apax Investor purchased million of our Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock ). On February 1, 2021, we completed the spin-off (the Spin-Off of Cognyte Software Ltd. Cognyte ), a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel whose business and operations consist of our former Cyber Intelligence Solutions business. In connection with the completion of the Spin-Off, on April 6, 2021, the Apax Investor purchased million of our Series B convertible preferred stock (the Series B Preferred Stock and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ). As of October 31, 2024, Apax s ownership in us on an as-converted basis was approximately . Please refer to Note 9, Convertible Preferred Stock for a more detailed discussion of the Apax investment. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 There have been no material changes in our significant accounting policies during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. 

2. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 time frame. Unbundled SaaS can be deployed in the cloud, either by us or a cloud partner. 
 Optional managed services revenue. 
 Support revenue, which consists of initial and renewal support on our perpetual licenses. 
 Nonrecurring revenue primarily consists of our perpetual licenses, hardware, installation services, business advisory consulting and training services, and patent license royalties. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Recurring revenue: Bundled SaaS revenue Unbundled SaaS revenue Total SaaS revenue Optional managed services revenue Support revenue Total recurring revenue Nonrecurring revenue: Perpetual revenue Professional services and other revenue Total nonrecurring revenue Total revenue 
 
 Contract Balances 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Contract assets, net Long-term contract assets, net (included in other assets) Contract liabilities Long-term contract liabilities 
 
 We receive payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules, and accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract assets are rights to consideration in exchange for goods or services that we have transferred to a customer when that right is conditional on something other than the passage of time. The majority of our contract assets represent unbilled amounts related to multi-year unbundled SaaS contracts and arrangements where our right to consideration is subject to the contractually agreed upon billing schedule. We expect billing and collection of a majority of our contract assets to occur within the next twelve months and asset impairment charges related to contract assets were immaterial in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. As of October 31, 2024, two partners, both authorized global resellers of our solutions, accounted for more than 10 of our aggregated accounts receivable and contract assets; Partner A was approximately and Partner B was approximately . As of January 31, 2024, Partner A and Partner B each accounted for approximately of our aggregated accounts receivable and contract assets. Credit losses relating to these customers have historically been immaterial. 
 
 Contract liabilities represent consideration received or consideration which is unconditionally due from customers prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of the contract. Revenue recognized during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 from amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of each period was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes contract liabilities and non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. The majority of our arrangements are for periods of one to , although the contract term can extend up to . 
 
 We elected to exclude amounts of variable consideration attributable to sales- or usage-based royalties in exchange for a license of our IP from the remaining performance obligations. The timing and amount of revenue recognition for our remaining performance obligations are influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of delivery of software licenses, the average length of the contract terms, and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Expected to be recognized in more than 1 year Total remaining performance obligations 

3. 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. for basic net loss per common share ) Dilutive effect of dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. for diluted net income (loss) per common share ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Dilutive effect of employee equity award plans Dilutive effect of 2021 Notes Dilutive effect of assumed conversion of preferred stock Diluted Net income (loss) per common share attributable to Verint Systems Inc.: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 In periods for which we report a net loss attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares, basic net loss per common share and diluted net loss per common share are identical since the effect of all potential common shares is anti-dilutive and therefore excluded. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the average price of our common stock did not exceed the per share conversion price of our 2021 Notes, and other requirements for the 2021 Notes (as defined in Note 7, Long-Term Debt ), to be convertible were not met. The 2021 Notes will have a dilutive impact on net income per common share at any time when the average market price of our common stock for a quarterly reporting period exceeds the conversion price. 
 
 The Capped Calls (as defined in Note 7, Long-Term Debt do not impact our diluted earnings per common share calculations as their effect would be anti-dilutive. The Capped Calls are generally intended to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2021 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2021 Notes, in the event that at the time of conversion our common stock price exceeds the conversion price, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap of . 
 
 Further details regarding the 2021 Notes and Capped Calls appear in Note 7, Long-Term Debt . 
 
 The weighted-average common shares underlying the assumed conversion of the Preferred Stock, on an as-converted basis, were excluded from the calculations of diluted net income (loss) per common share for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Further details regarding the Preferred Stock investment appear in Note 9, Convertible Preferred Stock . 

12 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Money market funds U.S. Treasury bills Total cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: Bank time deposits Total short-term investments 
 
 January 31, 2024 (in thousands) Cost Basis Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and bank time deposits Money market funds U.S. Treasury Bills 
 Total cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: Bank time deposits Total short-term investments 
 
 Bank time deposits which are reported within short-term investments consist of deposits held outside of the United States with maturities of greater than 90 days, or without specified maturity dates which we intend to hold for periods in excess of 90 days. All other bank deposits are included within cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

5. 
 
 employees in technology functions. Cogito is based in Boston, Massachusetts. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination, after determining that the acquired set of assets, the fair value of which was not concentrated in a single asset, or group of similar assets, and included (a) an assembled workforce and (b) intangible assets, met the definition of a business. 
 
 Revenue and net income (loss) attributable to Cogito included in our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was not material. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million of cash paid at closing, funded from cash on hand, and (ii) the fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements estimated at million as of the acquisition date. These contingent consideration arrangements provide for potential additional cash payments to the sellers aggregating up to approximately million, contingent upon the achievement of certain performance targets extending through October 2026. 
 
 The purchase price for Cogito was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, with the remaining unallocated purchase price recorded as goodwill. The fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired were determined primarily by using the income approach, which discounts the expected future cash flows to present value using estimates and assumptions determined by management. 
 
 Among the factors contributing to the recognition of goodwill as a component of the Cogito purchase price allocation were synergies in products and technologies, and the addition of a skilled, assembled workforce. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill. This transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition for tax purposes, and therefore both the goodwill and acquired intangible assets are deductible for tax purposes. Tax impacts were not material. 
 
 Transaction and related costs directly related to the acquisition of Cogito, consisting primarily of professional fees and integration expenses, were million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, and were expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 The purchase price allocation for Cogito has been prepared on a preliminary basis and changes to the allocation may occur as additional information becomes available during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). Fair values still under review include values assigned to identifiable intangible assets, and reserves for uncertain income tax positions. 
 
 Fair value of contingent consideration Total purchase price Allocation of Purchase Price: Net tangible assets (liabilities): Accounts receivable Other current assets, including cash acquired Current and other liabilities ) Contract liabilities current and long-term 
 ) Net tangible liabilities 
 ) Identifiable intangible assets: Customer relationships Developed technology Total identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Total purchase price allocation 
 
 The acquired customer relationships and developed technology were assigned estimated useful lives of seven and , respectively, the weighted average of which is approximately years. The acquired identifiable intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis, which we believe approximates the pattern in which the assets are utilized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 Other Business Combinations 
 
 In April 2024, we completed the acquisition of an AI-powered analytics company, including employees. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the purchase price consisted of million of cash paid at closing, contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of million, and the acquisition date fair value of our previously held investment via a simple agreement for future equity SAFE ), which was approximately million. Further discussion regarding this SAFE investment appears in Note 12, Fair Value Measurements . We recognized 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million for developed technology, million for the acquired customer relationships, and goodwill of million. The acquisition qualified as a stock transaction for tax purposes. This transaction was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and as a result, additional business combination disclosures for this acquisition have been omitted. 
 
 In May 2024, we completed the acquisition of a provider of cloud-based call-back solutions, including employees. This transaction resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill, million of acquired customer relationships, and million of developed technology intangible assets, but was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and as a result, additional business combination disclosures for this acquisition have been omitted. 
 
 In October 2024, we completed the acquisition of a provider of data analytics solutions, including approximately employees in technology functions. This transaction resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill, million of developed technology intangible assets, and million of acquired customer relationships, but was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements and, as a result, additional business combination disclosures for this acquisition have been omitted. 
 
 Revenue and net income (loss) attributable to these acquisitions for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was not material. 
 
 Year Ended January 31, 2024 
 
 During the year ended January 31, 2024, we completed the acquisition of a provider of solutions for workforce scheduling automation, including employees. This transaction resulted in increases to goodwill, customer relationships, and acquired technology intangible assets, but was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and as a result, additional business combination disclosures for this acquisition have been omitted. 
 
 Revenue and net income (loss) attributable to this acquisition for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was not material. 
 
 Other Business Combination Information 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a charge of million and a benefit of million, respectively, and for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a charge of million and a benefit of million, respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses for changes in the fair values of contingent consideration obligations associated with business combinations, which was based on our historical business combinations achieving certain objectives and milestones. The aggregate fair values of the remaining contingent consideration obligations associated with business combinations was million at October 31, 2024, of which million was recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and million was recorded within other liabilities. 
 
 Payments of contingent consideration earned under these agreements were million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Asset Acquisition 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into an agreement to acquire source code that qualified as an asset acquisition and made an initial deposit payment of million upon the execution of the contract and incurred direct transaction costs related to such asset acquisition of million. The agreement also stipulates the establishment of additional milestone payments totaling million, of which million was deposited into a third-party escrow account in connection with the closing of the transaction. These milestone payments are contingent upon the successful delivery of the source code and the attainment of specific developmental objectives subject to reduction by certain amounts paid under a separate transition services agreement entered into by the parties. During the year ended January 31, 2024, we made million in milestone payments to the seller, of which million was released from the escrow account upon the achievement of certain source code delivery and integration milestones. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we made an additional million of integration milestone payments to the seller, which were released from the escrow account, and accrued an additional million to be released from escrow during the three months ending January 31, 2025. As of October 31, 2024, the balance in the third party escrow account was million, which is classified as restricted cash, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million, with a minimum of million guaranteed over the period, contingent upon achieving the milestones outlined above by the agreed upon dates, plus the opportunity to receive additional payments from us based on any revenue we receive from sales of products based on the acquired technology in adjacent markets. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we made a million noncontingent prepayment against the first period earn-out, and accrued the remaining million of the minimum guaranteed contingent consideration upon achieving certain milestones by certain dates. Contingent consideration is not recorded in an asset acquisition until the contingency is resolved (when the contingent consideration is paid or becomes payable) or when probable and reasonably estimable. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 On January 31, 2024, we completed the sale of a services business for manual quality managed services. We sold the business to the former managers, who were our employees. Today, our platform includes an AI-powered solution for automating the quality monitoring process. We expect our customers to adopt AI over time and believe that a people centric managed services offering is no longer core to our offering. 
 
 We estimated the sale price under the sale agreement to be million based on (i) the estimated fair value of our share of the future adjusted operating income (as defined in the sale agreement) of the business, to be paid annually over a minimum of following the transaction closing date, (ii) the amount by which the closing working capital of the business exceeds the working capital target, and (iii) the estimated amount of future collections of outstanding receivables as of the closing date from a certain customer, net of certain expenses. We determined the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist and estimates made by management. During the three months ended January 31, 2024, we recognized a pre-tax loss on the sale of million, which was recorded as part of selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations, and included million of cumulative foreign translation loss that was released from accumulated other comprehensive loss and divestiture-related expenses were not material. As part of the transaction, we divested million of cash, most of which was intended as reimbursement for certain liabilities assumed by the buyer, as well as million of tangible net assets, million of intangible assets, and million of goodwill. The divested services business generated million and million of revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023, respectively, and several hundred employees dedicated to this managed services business were transferred or terminated as part of the transaction. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we received all of the million of the outstanding receivables as of the closing date. 
 
 In March 2023, we completed the sale of an insignificant product line that we inherited as part of a legacy acquisition and that no longer fit with our current business priorities or strategic direction. The total consideration for the sale was million, which is payable to us in equal installments through March 2025, the first installment of which was received in July 2023, and the second installment of which was received in February 2024. The transaction reduced goodwill by million and intangible assets by million and resulted in a gain of approximately million during the nine months ended October 31, 2023. 

6. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) Acquired technology ) Trade names ) Distribution network ) Total intangible assets ) 
 January 31, 2024 (in thousands) Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible assets with finite lives: Customer relationships ) Acquired technology ) Trade names ) Distribution network ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 Total amortization expense recorded for acquisition-related intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The reported amount of net acquisition-related intangible assets can fluctuate from the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intangible assets not denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total 
 
 There were impairments of acquired intangible assets during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses through January 31, 2024 ) Goodwill, net, at January 31, 2024 Foreign currency translation Business combinations, including adjustments to prior period acquisitions Goodwill, net, at October 31, 2024 Balance at October 31, 2024 Goodwill, gross, at October 31, 2024 Accumulated impairment losses through October 31, 2024 ) Goodwill, net, at October 31, 2024 
 17 

Table of Contents 

7. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility Less: unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: current maturities Long-term debt 
 
 2021 Notes 
 
 On April 9, 2021, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due April 15, 2026 (the 2021 Notes ), unless earlier converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. The 2021 Notes are unsecured and pay interest in cash semiannually in arrears at a rate of per annum. 
 
 We used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Notes to pay the costs of the Capped Calls described below. We also used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Notes, together with the net proceeds from the April 6, 2021 issuance of million of Series B Preferred Stock, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement described below, to terminate an interest rate swap, and to repurchase shares of our common stock. The remainder is being used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The 2021 Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion rate of 16.1092 shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2021 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, and subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Prior to January 15, 2026, the 2021 Notes will be convertible only upon the occurrence of certain events and during certain periods, and will be convertible thereafter at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2021 Notes. Upon conversion of the 2021 Notes, holders will receive cash up to the aggregate principal amount, with any remainder to be settled with cash or common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. As of October 31, 2024, the 2021 Notes were not convertible. 
 
 We incurred approximately million of issuance costs in connection with the 2021 Notes, which were deferred and are presented as a reduction of long-term debt, and which are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2021 Notes. Including the impact of the deferred debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2021 Notes was approximately at October 31, 2024. 
 
 Based on the closing market price of our common stock on October 31, 2024, the if-converted value of the 2021 Notes was less than their aggregate principal amount. 
 
 Capped Calls 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, on April 6, 2021 and April 8, 2021, we entered into capped call transactions (the Capped Calls with certain counterparties. The Capped Calls are generally intended to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2021 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2021 Notes, in the event that at the time of conversion our common stock price exceeds the conversion price, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 The Capped Calls exercise price is equal to the initial conversion price of each of the 2021 Notes, and the cap price is , each subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Calls. Our exercise rights under the Capped Calls 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million for the Capped Calls, including applicable transaction costs, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On June 29, 2017, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders and terminated a prior credit agreement. The credit agreement was amended in 2018, 2020, 2021, and 2023, as further described below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides for million of senior secured credit facilities, comprised of a million term loan that was scheduled to mature on June 29, 2024 (the Term Loan prior to being repaid by us in full, and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility replaced our prior million revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolving Credit Facility and is subject to increase and reduction from time to time according to the terms of the Credit Agreement. The majority of the proceeds from the Term Loan were used to repay all outstanding term loans under our prior credit agreement. 
 
 Optional prepayments of loans under the Credit Agreement are generally permitted without premium or penalty. During the three months ended April 30, 2021, in addition to our regular quarterly million principal payment, we repaid million of our Term Loan, reducing the outstanding principal balance to million. On April 27, 2023, we repaid the remaining million outstanding principal balance on our Term Loan utilizing proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, along with million of accrued interest thereon. As a result, million of combined deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discount associated with the Term Loan were written off and were included within interest expense on our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 Interest rates on loans under the Credit Agreement are periodically reset, at our option, originally at either a Eurodollar Rate (which was derived from LIBOR) or an alternative base rate ABR (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus in each case a margin. 
 
 On May 10, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment related to the phase-out of LIBOR by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Effective July 1, 2023, borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at our option, at either: (i) the ABR, plus the applicable margin therefor or (ii) the adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator (as more fully defined and set forth in the Credit Agreement, Adjusted Term SOFR ), plus the applicable margin therefor. The applicable margin in each case is determined based on our Leverage Ratio (as defined below) and ranges from to for borrowings bearing interest at the ABR and from to for borrowings bearing interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 9, 2026, provided that the maturity date will be January 7, 2026 if on that date a principal amount in excess of million of the 2021 Notes remains outstanding and that amount has not been cash collateralized. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility were million at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, which is included in long-term debt on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. For borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable margin is determined by reference to our Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the Credit Agreement) leverage ratio (the "Leverage Ratio"). As of October 31, 2024, the interest rate on our Revolving Credit Facility borrowings was . In addition, we are required to pay a commitment fee with respect to unused availability under the Revolving Credit Facility at rates per annum determined by reference to our Leverage Ratio. The proceeds of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including for permitted acquisitions and permitted stock repurchases, and the repayment of term loans, if any. 
 
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of our direct and indirect existing and future material domestic wholly owned restricted subsidiaries, and are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of the guarantor subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that, solely with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, requires us to maintain a Leverage Ratio of no greater than to 1. The limitations imposed by the covenants are subject to certain exceptions as detailed in the Credit Agreement. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

coupon rate 
 Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs Total Interest Expense 2021 Notes Borrowings under Credit Agreement: Interest expense at contractual rates Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs Amortization of debt discounts Losses on early retirements of debt Total Interest Expense Borrowings under Credit Agreement 

8. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 Other Total other liabilities 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

20 

Table of Contents ) Other, net ) ) ) Total other (expense) income, net ) ) 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Cash payments of income taxes, net Cash payments for operating leases Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Finance leases of property and equipment Accrued but unpaid purchases of property and equipment Liabilities for contingent consideration in business combinations and asset acquisitions Excise tax on share repurchases 

9. 
 
 million as follows: 
 
 On May 7, 2020, we issued a total of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, or per share, to the Apax Investor. In connection therewith, we incurred direct and incremental costs of million, including financial advisory fees, closing costs, legal fees, and other offering-related costs. These direct and incremental costs reduced the carrying amount of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 In connection with the completion of the Spin-Off, on April 6, 2021, we issued a total of shares of our Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, or per share, to the Apax Investor. In connection therewith, we incurred direct and incremental costs of million, including financial advisory fees, closing costs, legal fees, and other offering-related costs. These direct and incremental costs reduced the carrying amount of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Each of the rights, preferences, and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are set forth in separate certificates of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on the applicable issuance date. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of the Preferred Stock have the right to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock, on an as-converted basis; however, in no event will the holders of Preferred Stock have the right to vote shares of the Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis in excess of of the voting power of the common stock outstanding immediately prior to December 4, 2019. 
 
 Dividends and Liquidation Rights 
 
 The Preferred Stock ranks senior to the shares of our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. Shares of Preferred Stock have a liquidation preference of the greater of per share or the amount that would be received if the shares are converted at the then applicable conversion price at the time of such liquidation. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 until May 7, 2024, and thereafter pays at a rate of , subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. Dividends on the Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable semi-annually in arrears in cash. All dividends that are not paid in cash will remain accumulated dividends with respect to each share of Preferred Stock. The dividend rate is subject to increase (i) to per annum in the event the number of shares of common stock into which the Preferred Stock could be converted exceeds of the voting power of outstanding common stock on December 4, 2019 (unless we obtain shareholder approval of the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) and (ii) by each year, up to a maximum dividend rate of per annum, in the event we fail to satisfy our obligations to redeem the Preferred Stock in specified circumstances. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we paid million of preferred stock dividends, million of which was accrued as of January 31, 2024, and there were million of cumulative undeclared and unpaid preferred stock dividends at October 31, 2024. There were accrued dividends as of October 31, 2024. We reflected million and million of preferred stock dividends in our condensed consolidated results of operations, for purposes of computing net income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares, for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and million and million of preferred stock dividends for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Conversion 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock was initially convertible into common stock at the election of the holder, subject to certain conditions, at an initial conversion price of per share. The initial conversion price represented a conversion premium of over the volume-weighted average price per share of our common stock over the consecutive trading days immediately prior to December 4, 2019. In accordance with the Investment Agreement, the Series A Preferred Stock did not participate in the Spin-Off distribution of the Cognyte shares, which occurred on February 1, 2021, and the Series A Preferred Stock conversion price was instead adjusted to per share based on the ratio of the relative trading prices of Verint and Cognyte following the Spin-Off. 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible at a conversion price of , based in part on our trading price over the -day trading period following the Spin-Off. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be required to be issued upon conversion of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock was approximately million shares and Apax s ownership in us on an as-converted basis was approximately . 
 
 Beginning May 7, 2023, in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, and April 6, 2024, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, we have the option to require that all (but not less than all) of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock of the series convert into common stock if the volume-weighted average price per share of the common stock for at least trading days in any consecutive trading day period exceeds of the then-applicable conversion price of such series (a Mandatory Conversion ). As of October 31, 2024, the volume-weighted average price per share of common stock has not exceeded of the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock or the conversion price of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 We may redeem any or all of the Preferred Stock of a series for cash at any time after May 7, 2026, in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, and April 6, 2027, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, at a redemption price equal to of the liquidation preference of the shares of the Preferred Stock, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, plus a make-whole amount designed to allow the Apax Investor to earn a total internal rate of return on such shares. 
 
 The Preferred Stock may not be sold or transferred without our prior written consent. The common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock is not subject to this restriction. The restriction on the sale or transfer of the Preferred Stock does not apply to certain transfers to one or more permitted co-investors or transfers or pledges of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of specified margin loans entered into by the Apax Investor as well as transfers effected pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction consummated by us and transfers that are approved by our board of directors. 
 
 At any time after November 7, 2028, in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, and October 6, 2029, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, or upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the certificates of designation), the holders of the applicable series of Preferred Stock will have the right to cause us to redeem all of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock for cash at a redemption price equal to of the liquidation preference of the shares of such series, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. Therefore, the Preferred Stock has been classified as temporary equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, separate from 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and cumulative, unpaid dividends on each series of Preferred Stock was million. 
 
 Future Tranche Right 
 
 We determined that our obligation to issue and the Apax Investor s obligation to purchase shares of the Series B Preferred Stock in connection with the completion of the Spin-Off and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions (the Future Tranche Right met the definition of a freestanding financial instrument as the Future Tranche Right was legally detachable and separately exercisable from the Series A Preferred Stock. At issuance, we allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock to the Future Tranche Right based upon its fair value at such time, with the remaining proceeds being allocated to the Series A Preferred Stock. The Future Tranche Right was remeasured at fair value each reporting period until the settlement of the right (at the time of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock), and changes in its fair value were recognized as a non-cash charge or benefit within other income (expense), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Upon issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock on May 7, 2020, the Future Tranche Right was recorded as an asset of million, as the purchase price of the Series B Preferred Stock was greater than its estimated fair value at the expected settlement date. This resulted in a million carrying value, before direct and incremental issuance costs, for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 million fair value of the Future Tranche Right liability at that time to the carrying value of the Series B Preferred Stock. This resulted in a million carrying value, before direct and incremental issuance costs, for the Series B Preferred Stock. As a result of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, we no longer recognize changes in the fair value of the Future Tranche Right in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

10. 
 t declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. Under the terms of our Credit Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on declaring and paying cash dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 We periodically purchase common stock from our directors, officers, and other employees to facilitate income tax withholding or payments in connection with the vesting of equity awards occurring during a Company-imposed trading blackout or lockup period. Any such repurchases of common stock occur at prevailing market prices and are recorded as treasury stock. When treasury shares are reissued, they are recorded at the average cost of the treasury shares acquired. 
 
 treasury stock remained outstanding at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Programs 
 
 On December 7, 2022, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a stock repurchase program for the period from December 12, 2022 until January 31, 2025, whereby we may repurchase shares of common stock in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, million during the repurchase period, which was completed during the six months ended July 31, 2024. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million during the repurchase period. 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately shares of our common stock during the period for a cost of million under the prior stock repurchase program, approximately shares of common stock for a cost of million under the new stock repurchase program, and an insignificant number of shares to facilitate income tax withholding or payments as described above. Our share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act IRA ). We recognized excise tax of million as part of the cost basis of shares acquired in the condensed consolidated statements of stockholders equity during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we retired all shares, which was recorded as a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. These shares were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2023, we repurchased and retired shares of our common stock for a cost of million, including excise tax of million. 
 
 Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 4, 2019, in conjunction with the planned Spin-Off, we announced that an affiliate of Apax Partners would invest up to million in us, in the form of convertible preferred stock. Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Apax Investor purchased million of our Series A Preferred Stock, which closed on May 7, 2020. In connection with the completion of the Spin-Off, the Apax Investor purchased million of our Series B Preferred Stock, which closed on April 6, 2021. As of October 31, 2024, Apax s ownership in us on an as-converted basis was approximately . Please refer to Note 9, Convertible Preferred Stock for a more detailed discussion of the Apax investment. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss includes items such as foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on derivative financial instruments designated as hedges. Accumulated other comprehensive loss is presented as a separate line item in the stockholders equity section of our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Accumulated other comprehensive loss items have no impact on our net income (loss) as presented in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at October 31, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 All amounts presented in the table above are net of income taxes, if applicable. The accumulated net losses in foreign currency translation adjustments primarily reflect the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling, which has resulted in lower U.S. dollar-translated balances of British pound sterling-denominated goodwill and intangible assets. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Cost of recurring revenue ) ) ) ) Cost of nonrecurring revenue ) ) ) ) Research and development, net ) ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative ) ) ) ) Total, before income taxes Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Total, net of income taxes 

11. 
 million on pretax income of million, which represented a negative effective income tax rate of . The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by the benefit of certain domestic tax credits, changes in reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, and lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2023, we recorded an income tax provision of million on pretax income of million, which represented an effective income tax rate of . The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we recorded an income tax provision of million on pretax income of million, which represented an effective income tax rate of . The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by the benefit of certain domestic tax credits, changes in reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, and lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2023, we recorded an income tax provision of million on a pretax income of million, which represented an effective income tax rate of . The effective tax rate varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 We evaluate the realizability of deferred income tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. A valuation allowance is established when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred income tax assets are not more-likely-than-not realizable, we establish a valuation allowance. We determined that there is sufficient negative evidence to maintain the valuation allowances against certain state and foreign deferred income tax assets as a result of historical losses in the most recent three-year period in certain state and foreign jurisdictions. We intend to maintain valuation allowances until sufficient positive evidence exists to support a reversal. 
 
 We had unrecognized income tax benefits of million and million (excluding interest and penalties) as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively, that if recognized, would impact our effective income tax rate. The accrued liability for interest and penalties was million and million at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. Interest and penalties are recorded as a component of the provision for income taxes in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. We regularly assess the adequacy of our provisions for income tax contingencies in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance on accounting for income taxes. As a result, we may adjust the reserves for unrecognized 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million in the next twelve months as a result of settlement of certain tax audits or lapses of statutes of limitation. Such decreases may involve the payment of additional income taxes, the adjustment of deferred income taxes including the need for additional valuation allowances, and the recognition of income tax benefits. Our income tax returns are subject to ongoing tax examinations in several jurisdictions in which we operate. We also believe that it is reasonably possible that new issues may be raised by tax authorities or developments in tax audits may occur, which would require increases or decreases to the balance of reserves for unrecognized income tax benefits; however, an estimate of such changes cannot reasonably be made. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD Pillar 2 guidelines address the increasing digitalization of the global economy, re-allocating taxing rights among countries. The European Union and many other member states have committed to adopting Pillar 2 which calls for a global minimum tax of 15 to be effective for tax years beginning in 2024. Certain jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted Pillar 2 legislation and others are considering changes to their tax laws to adopt the Pillar 2 proposals. We are monitoring developments and evaluating the impacts these new rules will have on our tax rate, including eligibility to qualify for safe harbor rules. We do not currently anticipate that the rules will have a material impact on our income tax provision this year. 

12. 
 U.S. Treasury bills, classified as cash and cash equivalents Foreign currency forward contracts Contingent consideration receivable Total assets Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Contingent consideration business combinations Total liabilities 
 January 31, 2024 Fair Value Hierarchy Category (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds U.S. Treasury bills, classified as cash and cash equivalents Foreign currency forward contracts Contingent consideration receivable Total assets Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Contingent consideration business combinations Total liabilities 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million based on (i) the estimated fair value of our share of the future adjusted operating income (as defined in the agreement) of the business, to be paid annually over a minimum of following the transaction closing date, (ii) the amount by which the closing working capital of the business exceeds the working capital target, and (iii) the estimated amount of future collections of outstanding receivables as of the closing date from a certain customer, net of certain expenses. We determined the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist and estimates made by management. The fair value of the contingent consideration receivable was million as of October 31, 2024, which is included within other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we did not receive any contingent consideration payments, and we recorded a benefit of million for the change in the estimated fair value of this contingent receivable. 
 
 Contingent consideration liabilities recorded for business combinations Changes in fair values, recorded in operating expenses ) Payments of contingent consideration ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) Fair value measurement at end of period 
 
 Our estimated liability for contingent consideration represents potential payments of additional consideration for business combinations, payable if certain defined performance goals are achieved. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 There were no transfers between levels of the fair value measurement hierarchy during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Money Market Funds and U.S. Treasury Bills We value our money market funds and U.S. treasury bills using quoted active market prices for such instruments. 
 
 Short-term Investments, Corporate Debt Securities, and Commercial Paper The fair values of short-term investments, as well as corporate debt securities and commercial paper classified as cash equivalents, are estimated using observable market prices for identical securities that are traded in less-active markets, if available. When observable market prices for identical securities are not available, we value these short-term investments using non-binding market price quotes from brokers which we review for reasonableness using observable market data; quoted market prices for similar instruments; or pricing models, such as a discounted cash flow model. 
 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts The estimated fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is based on quotes received from the counterparties thereto. These quotes are reviewed for reasonableness by discounting the future estimated cash flows under the contracts, considering the terms and maturities of the contracts and market foreign currency exchange rates using readily observable market prices for similar contracts. 
 
 Contingent Consideration Assets and Liabilities Business Combinations and Divestitures The fair value of the contingent consideration related to business combinations and divestitures is estimated using a probability-adjusted discounted cash flow model. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market. The key internally developed assumptions used in these models are discount rates and the probabilities assigned to the milestones to be achieved. We remeasure the fair value of the contingent consideration at each reporting period, and any changes in fair value resulting from either the passage of time or events occurring after the acquisition date, such as changes in discount rates, or in the expectations of achieving the performance targets, are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. Increases or decreases in discount rates would have inverse impacts on the related fair value measurements, while favorable or unfavorable changes in expectations of achieving performance targets would result in corresponding increases or decreases in 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 to , with a weighted average discount rate of in our calculation of the estimated fair values of our contingent consideration liabilities as of October 31, 2024. We utilized discount rates ranging from to , with a weighted average discount rate of in our calculation of the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration asset as of October 31, 2024. We utilized discount rates ranging from to , with a weighted average discount rate of in our calculations of the estimated fair values of our contingent consideration liabilities as of January 31, 2024. We utilized discount rates ranging from to , with a weighted average discount rate of in our calculation of the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration asset as of January 31, 2024. 
 
 As of January 31, 2024, million of the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was based on actual achievement through the performance periods ended January 31, 2024, and was transferred to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as the fair value was determined based on other significant observable inputs. Payments of contingent consideration earned under this agreement were million and there was no change in the fair value of the remaining contingent consideration obligation associated with this business combination for the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 
 The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, contract assets, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 
 
 The estimated fair value of our Revolving Credit Facility borrowing was approximately million at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. On April 27, 2023, we repaid in full the remaining million outstanding balance on our Term Loan utilizing proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated fair value of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility is based upon indicative market values provided by one of our lenders. The indicative prices provided to us at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 did not significantly differ from par value. 
 
 The estimated fair values of our 2021 Notes were approximately million and million at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The estimated fair values of the 2021 Notes were determined based on quoted bid and ask prices in the over-the-counter market in which the 2021 Notes traded. We consider these inputs to be within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 In addition to assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Our non-financial assets, including goodwill, intangible assets, operating lease right-of-use assets, and property, plant and equipment, are measured at fair value when there is an indication of impairment and the carrying amount exceeds the asset s projected undiscounted cash flows. These assets are recorded at fair value only when an impairment charge is recognized. 
 
 Investments 
 
 In March 2023, we invested approximately million in a privately-held company via a SAFE. In July 2023, we made a second SAFE investment of million, and in January 2024, we made a third SAFE investment of million for a total investment of approximately million. The SAFE provided that, upon the completion by such company of a qualified equity financing, we would automatically receive the number of shares of capital stock of such company equal to the SAFE purchase amount divided by the Discount Price (as such term is defined in the SAFE). If there was a liquidity event affecting such company, such as a change in control or initial public offering, we would receive a cash payment equal to the greater of (a) the SAFE purchase amount or (b) the amount payable on the number of shares of common stock of such company equal to the SAFE purchase amount divided by the Liquidity Price (as such term is defined in the SAFE). Our investment was carried at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer and was included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2024. During the three months ended April 30, 2024, we completed the acquisition of this company. The approximately million acquisition date fair value of the SAFE was included in the measurement of the consideration transferred. The company and its results of operations are now consolidated in our condensed consolidated financial statements, and the SAFE investment was removed from our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of April 30, 2024. Please refer to Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures for further discussion related to this acquisition. 
 
 The carrying amount of our noncontrolling equity investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values was million as of October 31, 2024, of which million was remeasured to fair value based on an observable transaction during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. These investments are included within other assets on the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million, which adjusted the carrying value of a noncontrolling equity investment based on an observable transaction was recorded in other income (expense), net on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2024. As of January 31, 2024, the carrying amount of our noncontrolling equity investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values was million. There were no observable price changes in our investments in privately-held companies during the year ended January 31, 2024. We did t recognize any impairments during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 

13. 
 
 , although occasionally we will execute a contract that extends beyond , depending upon the nature of the underlying risk. 
 
 We held outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with notional amounts of million for each of the periods ended October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. 
 
 Fair Values of Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts: Designated as cash flow hedges Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

29 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Net losses reclassified from AOCL to the condensed consolidated statements of operations: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) ) ) 
 
 For information regarding the line item locations of the net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments reclassified out of AOCL into the condensed consolidated statements of operations, s ee Note 10, Stockholders Equity . 
 
 , and therefore we expect all such losses to be reclassified into earnings within the next . 

14. 
 
 shares of our common stock plus (ii) shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan as of June 22, 2023, plus (iii) the number of shares of our common stock that become available for issuance as a result of awards made under the 2019 Plan or the 2023 Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged, or that terminate or expire, may be issued or transferred in connection with awards under the 2023 Plan. Each stock option or stock-settled stock appreciation right granted under the 2023 Plan will reduce the available plan capacity by share and each other award denominated in shares that is granted under the 2023 Plan will reduce the available plan capacity by shares. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Cost of revenue nonrecurring Research and development, net Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Stock bonus program and bonus share program Total equity-settled awards Phantom stock units (cash-settled awards) ) Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Awards are generally subject to multi-year vesting periods. We recognize compensation expense for awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods, reduced by estimated forfeitures. 
 
 Awards under our stock bonus and bonus share programs are accounted for as liability-classified awards, because the obligations are based predominantly on fixed monetary amounts that are generally known at inception of the obligation, to be settled with a variable number of shares of our common stock, which for a portion of the awards under our stock bonus program is determined using a discounted average price of our common stock. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 
 We periodically award RSUs to our directors, officers, and other employees. These awards contain various vesting conditions and are subject to certain restrictions and forfeiture provisions prior to vesting. Some of these awards to executive officers and certain other employees vest upon the achievement of specified performance goals or market conditions (performance stock units or PSUs ). 
 
 Granted Released ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending balance 
 
 With respect to our stock bonus program, the activity presented in the table above only includes shares earned and released in consideration of the discount provided under that program. Consistent with the provisions of the Plans under which such shares are issued, other shares issued under the stock bonus program are not included in the table above because they do not reduce available plan capacity (since such shares are deemed to be purchased by the grantee at fair value in lieu of receiving an earned cash bonus). Activity presented in the table above includes all shares awarded and released under the bonus share program. Further details appear below under Stock Bonus Program and Bonus Share Program . 
 
 Our RSU and PSU awards may include a provision which allows the awards to be settled with cash payments upon vesting, rather than with delivery of common stock, at the discretion of our board of directors. As of October 31, 2024, for such awards that are outstanding, settlement with cash payments was not considered probable, and therefore these awards have been accounted for as equity-classified awards and are included in the table above. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Excluding PSUs, we granted RSUs during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Bonus Program and Bonus Share Program 
 
 Our stock bonus program permits eligible employees to receive a portion of their earned bonuses, otherwise payable in cash, in the form of discounted shares of our common stock. Executive officers are eligible to participate in this program to the extent that capacity remains available under the program following the enrollment of all other participants. Shares awarded to executive officers with respect to the discount feature of the program are subject to a vesting period. This program is subject to annual funding approval by our board of directors and an annual cap on the number of shares that can be issued. Subject to these limitations, the number of shares to be issued under the program for a given year is determined using a trailing average price of our common stock when the awards are calculated, reduced by a discount determined by the board of directors each year (the discount ). To the extent that this program is not funded in a given year or the number of shares of common stock needed to fully satisfy employee enrollment exceeds the annual cap, the applicable portion of the employee bonuses will generally revert to being paid in cash. 
 
 Under our bonus share program, we may provide discretionary bonuses to employees or pay earned bonuses that are outside the stock bonus program in the form of shares of common stock. Unlike the stock bonus program, there is no enrollment for this program and no discount feature. 
 
 For bonuses in respect of the year ended January 31, 2024, our board of directors approved the use of up to shares of common stock in the aggregate for awards under these two programs, with up to of these shares of common stock, and a discount of approved for awards under our stock bonus program. During the three months ended July 31, 2024, we issued approximately shares under the stock bonus program and shares under the bonus share program, in respect of the year ended January 31, 2024. 
 
 Shares in respect of discount (included in Award Activity Table above): 
 Granted 
 Released 

In March 2024, our board of directors approved the use of up to shares of common stock in the aggregate under these two programs, with up to of these shares of common stock, and a discount of , for awards under our stock bonus program for the performance period ending January 31, 2025. Subsequently, our board of directors approved the use of an additional shares of common stock under these two programs, without alteration of the share limit under the stock bonus program. Any shares earned under these programs will be issued during the year ending January 31, 2026. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 

15. 
 
 million in installments as compensation to the plaintiff class. We agreed to guarantee the payments under the terms of an associated guaranty agreement if not paid by the primary obligors. As of October 31, 2024, all installments had been paid by the former affiliates of CTI and the guarantee obligations were not triggered. There was impact to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Former Unfair Competition Litigation and Related Investigation 
 
 We were previously party to federal civil litigation matters in the Eastern District of Michigan and the District of Delaware regarding certain trademark, advertising, contract, and competition claims associated with the ForeSee Results, Inc. business we acquired in December 2018. In June 2023, the parties signed a definitive settlement agreement under which we paid million to the plaintiffs, and which provided that the settlement did not constitute a ruling on the merits, an admission as to any issue of fact or principle of law, or an admission of liability or wrongdoing by either us or the plaintiffs. 
 
 The U.S. Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of Michigan s Civil Division USAO also conducted a False Claims Act investigation concerning certain contractual obligations we inherited in the ForeSee acquisition. This investigation was prompted by the same group of plaintiffs in the civil litigation discussed above. In July 2023, the parties signed a definitive settlement agreement under which we paid million to the government (a portion of which was payable by the government to the plaintiffs who prompted the proceeding), and which provided that it was not an admission of liability by us. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we recognized a million legal settlement liability in respect of the USAO matter and a million legal settlement liability in respect of these civil litigation matters within accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and a corresponding insurance recovery receivable in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. These loss accruals and insurance recoveries were offset within selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended January 31, 2023, resulting in impact on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The incremental settlement costs of million related to these civil litigation matters as a result of the settlement described above was included within selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended January 31, 2024. We reached a final settlement with one of our insurance carriers for a total cumulative insurance recovery of million for the losses we incurred related to these actions, which offset settlement and legal expenses during the year ended January 31, 2023. We collected million during the year ended January 31, 2023 and million during the year ended January 31, 2024. 
 
 We are a party to various other litigation matters and claims that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. While we believe that the ultimate outcome of any such current matters will not have a material adverse effect on us, their outcomes are not determinable and negative outcomes may adversely affect our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is provided to assist readers in understanding our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024 and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in this report. This discussion contains a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and all of which could be affected by uncertainties and risks. Our actual results may differ materially from the results contemplated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors including, but not limited to, those described under Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements . 

Overview 
 
 Impact of Macroeconomic Developments 
 
 Our results of operations may be significantly influenced by general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, such as the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, foreign currency fluctuations, elevated interest rates, continued concerns over inflation, recession risks, and existing and new domestic and foreign laws and regulations, all of which are beyond our control. We believe that these global macroeconomic conditions have impacted customer and partner spending decisions, and resulted in increased costs. 
 
 We continue to monitor events associated with the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war and their global impacts, including applicable trade compliance or other legal requirements regarding permissible activities in the respective regions. Based on the current situation, we do not believe these conflicts have had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows. However, if the conflicts worsen or expand, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. 
 
 For additional information on the potential impact of other macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions on our business, see the Risk Factors section included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. For additional information on the potential impact of foreign currency exchange rates, see the Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Impact on Results of Operations section below. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 Verint is a leader in customer experience CX automation. The world s most iconic brands including more than 80 of the Fortune 100 companies use the Verint Open Platform and our team of AI-powered bots to deliver tangible AI business outcomes across the enterprise. Verint is uniquely positioned to help brands increase CX automation with our differentiated AI-powered Open Platform. 
 
 Verint is headquartered in Melville, New York, and has approximately 16 offices worldwide, in addition to a number of on-demand, flexible coworking spaces. We have approximately 3,800 employees plus a few hundred contractors around the globe. 
 
 Key Trends 
 
 We believe there are three key market trends that are benefiting Verint today: enterprise adoption of AI and CX automation, a changing workforce, and elevated customer expectations. 
 
 Enterprise Adoption of AI and CX Automation: We believe that AI is at or near the top of the list of investment priorities for most enterprises and customer engagement presents one of the best opportunities for brands to achieve significant ROI by investing in CX automation. Brands today are challenged to delight their customers while facing limited budgets and resources. As a result, organizations are turning to AI-powered platforms specifically designed for the customer engagement domain to increase the level of their CX automation. Recent advancements in AI technology have enabled Verint to deliver a large team of AI-powered bots and an open platform specifically designed to help brands increase CX automation. 
 
 A Changing Workforce: Brands are facing unprecedented challenges when it comes to how they manage their changing workforce. Increasingly, brands are managing a hybrid workforce of agents and bots, with employees that may be working from anywhere. Providing flexibility for where employees work creates greater challenges in 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 managing and coaching employee teams. And because of the limited resources that are available, brands must drive greater workforce efficiency. They need to find ways to use technology, like AI-powered bots, to augment their workforce. Brands recognize the need to leverage data and automation to achieve greater efficiency. In addition, the importance of the employee experience continues to grow, and brands must quickly evolve how they recruit, onboard, and retain employees. We believe that these trends benefit Verint as they create demand for new AI-based solutions that can shape the future of work, with a workforce of people and AI-powered bots working together, increased automation, greater employee flexibility, and a greater focus on the voice of the employees. 
 
 Elevated Customer Expectations: Customer expectations for faster, more consistent, and contextual responses continue to rise and meeting those expectations is becoming increasingly difficult with legacy technology. The proliferation in customer channels and the desire of customers to seamlessly shift between channels creates a more complex customer journey for brands to manage and support. Customers also expect brands to have a deep understanding of the customer s relationship with that brand an understanding that is unified across the enterprise, regardless of whether the customer touchpoint is in the contact center, on a website, through a mobile app, in the back-office, or in a branch. To develop that deep understanding, leading brands recognize the need to use specialized, AI-powered solutions to both fuse the data that has traditionally existed in silos across the enterprise and analyze the data to inform and automate the customer experience. We believe that this trend benefits Verint as it creates demand for new AI-powered bots and other solutions that help brands support complex customer journeys and increase automation to meet elevated customer expectations. 
 
 While we continue to see significant demand for our solutions, including due to the foregoing key trends, we believe that current macroeconomic conditions, as described above, are impacting customer and partner spending decisions. Future impacts on our business and financial results as a result of these conditions are not estimable at this time and depend, in part, on the extent to which these conditions improve or worsen. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024 describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements appearing in this report. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024, and include the following: 
 
 Revenue recognition; 
 Accounting for business combinations; 
 Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets; 
 Income taxes; and 
 Accounting for stock-based compensation. 
 
 There were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 
 As is typical for many software and technology companies, our business is subject to seasonal and cyclical factors. In most years, our revenue and operating income are typically highest in the fourth quarter and lowest in the first quarter (prior to the impact of unusual or nonrecurring items). In addition, we generally receive a higher volume of orders in the last month of a quarter, with orders concentrated in the latter part of that month. We believe that these seasonal and cyclical factors primarily reflect customer spending patterns and budget cycles, as well as the impact of incentive compensation plans for our sales personnel. While a variety of seasonal and cyclical factors are common in the software and technology industry, these industry patterns should not be considered a reliable indicator of our future revenue or financial performance. Many other factors, including the timing of renewals for larger unbundled SaaS contracts, the average length of the contract terms, and general economic conditions, may also have an impact on our business and financial results in a particular quarter. 
 
 Quality Managed Services Divestiture 
 35 

Table of Contents 

On January 31, 2024, we completed the sale of a services business for manual quality managed services. Today, our platform includes an AI-powered solution for automating the quality monitoring process. We expect our customers to adopt AI over time and believe that a people-centric managed services offering is no longer core to our offering. During the three months ended January 31, 2024, we recognized a pre-tax loss on the sale of 9.7 million, which was recorded as part of selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations, and included 0.8 million of cumulative foreign translation loss that was released from accumulated other comprehensive loss. The divested services business generated 6.1 million and 19.3 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023, respectively, and several hundred employees dedicated to this managed services business were transferred or terminated as part of the transaction. 
 
 Overview of Operating Results 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of certain key financial information for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 224,193 218,547 655,640 645,278 Operating income 21,748 26,718 60,063 27,978 Net income (loss) attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares 24,716 7,412 36,208 (5,693) Net income (loss) per common share attributable to Verint Systems Inc.: Basic 0.40 0.12 0.58 (0.09) Diluted 0.39 0.12 0.58 (0.09) 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Our revenue increased approximately 5.7 million, from 218.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 224.2 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase consisted of an 18.8 million increase in recurring revenue, partially offset by a 13.1 million decrease in nonrecurring revenue. For additional details on our revenue by category, see Revenue . Revenue in the Americas, in Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA ), and in the Asia-Pacific APAC regions represented approximately 72 , 19 , and 9 of our total revenue, respectively, in the three months ended October 31, 2024, compared to approximately 71 , 19 , and 10 , respectively, in the three months ended October 31, 2023. Further details of changes in revenue are provided below. 
 
 We reported operating income of 21.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to operating income of 26.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to a 10.6 million increase in operating expenses, from 126.3 million to 136.9 million, partially offset by a 5.6 million increase in gross profit, from 153.0 million to 158.6 million. The increase in operating expenses consisted of a 8.1 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, and a 5.6 million increase in net research and development expenses, partially offset by a 3.1 million decrease in amortization of other acquired intangible assets. Further details of changes in operating income are provided below. 
 
 Net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares was 24.7 million and diluted net income per common share was 0.39 in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares of 7.4 million and diluted net income per common share of 0.12 in the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares in the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to a 23.6 million decrease in our provision for income taxes and a 1.2 million decrease in dividends on preferred stock, partially offset by a 5.0 million decrease in operating income as described above and a 2.5 million increase in total other expense, net. Further details of these changes are provided below. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Our revenue increased approximately 10.3 million, from 645.3 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 655.6 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The increase consisted of a 28.0 million increase in recurring revenue, partially offset by a 17.7 million decrease in nonrecurring revenue. For additional details on our revenue by category, see Revenue . Revenue in the Americas, EMEA, and APAC regions represented approximately 71 , 19 , and 10 of our total revenue, respectively, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 in the nine months ended October 31, 2024, compared to approximately 69 , 20 , and 11 , respectively, in the nine months ended October 31, 2023. Further details of changes in revenue are provided below. 
 
 We reported operating income of 60.1 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to operating income of 28.0 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily due to a 19.1 million increase in gross profit, from 442.5 million to 461.6 million, and a 13.0 million decrease in operating expenses, from 414.5 million to 401.5 million. The decrease in operating expenses consisted of 15.1 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, and a 9.8 million decrease in amortization of other acquired intangible assets, partially offset by 11.9 million increase in net research and development expenses. Further details of changes in operating income are provided below. 
 
 Net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares was 36.2 million and diluted net income per common share was 0.58 in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to a net loss attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares of 5.7 million and diluted net loss per common share of 0.09 in the nine months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in net income attributable to Verint Systems Inc. common shares in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to a 32.1 million increase in operating income as described above, a 13.2 million decrease in our provision for income taxes, a 2.3 million decrease in dividends on preferred stock, and a 0.2 million decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by a 5.9 million increase in total other expense, net. Further details of these changes are provided below. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, we employed approximately 3,800 employees plus a few hundred contractors, as compared to approximately 4,100 employees plus a few hundred contractors at October 31, 2023. The majority of the headcount reduction from the prior period was related to the divestment of our services business for manual quality managed services during the three months ended January 31, 2024. Refer to the Results of Operations Quality Managed Services Divestiture section above for further details regarding the divestiture. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Impact on Results of Operations 
 
 A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and therefore our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses are affected by fluctuations in applicable foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 When comparing average exchange rates for the three months ended October 31, 2024 to average exchange rates for the three months ended October 31, 2023, the U.S. dollar weakened relative to the British pound sterling, the Australian dollar, and the euro, resulting in an overall increase in our revenue and our expenses on a U.S. dollar-denominated basis. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from rates in effect for the three months ended October 31, 2023, our revenue would have been approximately 1.7 million lower and our cost of revenue and operating expenses on a combined basis would have been approximately 1.6 million lower, which would have resulted in a 0.1 million decrease in our operating income. 
 
 When comparing average exchange rates for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 to average exchange rates for the nine months ended October 31, 2023, the U.S. dollar weakened relative to the British pound sterling, and strengthened relative to the Israeli shekel, resulting in an overall increase in our revenue and our expenses on a U.S. dollar-denominated basis. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from rates in effect for the nine months ended October 31, 2023, our revenue would have been approximately 1.6 million lower and our cost of revenue and operating expenses on a combined basis would have been approximately 0.7 million lower, which would have resulted in a 0.9 million decrease in our operating income. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We derive and report our revenue in two categories: (a) recurring revenue, which includes bundled SaaS, unbundled SaaS, hosting services, optional managed services, initial and renewal support revenue, and product warranties, and (b) nonrecurring revenue, which primarily consists of perpetual licenses, hardware, installation services, business advisory consulting and training services, and patent license royalties. 
 
 The following table sets forth revenue by category for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Recurring revenue Bundled SaaS revenue 75,220 63,251 19 212,508 184,770 15 Unbundled SaaS revenue 73,442 52,400 40 208,241 161,470 29 Total SaaS revenue 148,662 115,651 29 420,749 346,240 22 Optional managed services revenue 5,739 11,842 (52) 16,476 36,872 (55) Support revenue 25,457 33,624 (24) 79,390 105,443 (25) Total recurring revenue 179,858 161,117 12 516,615 488,555 6 Nonrecurring revenue Perpetual revenue 23,471 24,557 (4) 72,205 74,103 (3) Professional services and other revenue 20,864 32,873 (37) 66,820 82,620 (19) Total nonrecurring revenue 44,335 57,430 (23) 139,025 156,723 (11) Total revenue 224,193 218,547 3 655,640 645,278 2 
 
 Recurring Revenue 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Recurring revenue increased approximately 18.8 million, or 12 , from 161.1 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 179.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase consisted of a 33.0 million increase in SaaS revenue, partially offset by a 8.1 million decrease in support revenue and a 6.1 million decrease in optional managed services revenue. The increase in SaaS revenue was due to increases in both unbundled and bundled SaaS revenue. The increase in unbundled SaaS revenue was primarily due to a significant contract renewal which was recognized in the current period versus a similar renewal by that customer in the fourth quarter in the prior year, as well as an increase in multi-year contracts. The increase in bundled SaaS revenue was primarily due to new customer contracts and existing customers expanding their use of our cloud platform and demand for our AI-powered solutions. The decrease in support revenue was primarily due to customers migrating to our SaaS solutions. The decrease in optional managed services revenue was primarily attributable to the divestiture of a manual quality managed services business on January 31, 2024. The divested services business generated 6.1 million of revenue during the three months ended October 31, 2023, with no corresponding revenue in the current period. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Recurring revenue increased approximately 28.0 million, or 6 , from 488.6 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 516.6 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The increase consisted of a 74.5 million increase in SaaS revenue, partially offset by a 26.1 million decrease in support revenue and a 20.4 million decrease in optional managed services revenue. The increase in SaaS revenue was due to increases in both unbundled and bundled SaaS revenue. The increase in unbundled SaaS revenue was primarily due to increased renewal and expansion transactions, an increase in multi-year contracts, and a significant contract renewal which was recognized in the current period versus a similar renewal by that customer in the fourth quarter in the prior year. The increase in bundled SaaS revenue was primarily due to new customer contracts and existing customers expanding their use of our cloud platform and demand for our AI-powered solutions. The decrease in support revenue was primarily due to customers migrating to our SaaS solutions. The decrease in optional managed services revenue was primarily attributable to the divestiture of a manual quality managed services business on January 31, 2024. The divested services business generated 19.3 million of revenue during the nine months ended October 31, 2023, with no corresponding revenue in the current period. 
 
 We expect our revenue mix to continue to shift to our SaaS offerings, which is consistent with our cloud-first strategy and a general market shift from on-premises solutions to SaaS offerings, with an increasing portion of the mix coming from our bundled SaaS offerings (including our AI-powered solutions) over time. Bundled SaaS revenue is generally recognized ratably over the subscription term, while unbundled SaaS revenue is typically recognized upfront upon delivery of the license keys, or when the license term commences, if later. As a result, our revenue may fluctuate from period to period due to the revenue mix in each period, which is influenced by customer buying preferences. When the percentage of unbundled SaaS to bundled SaaS sold or renewed in a period increases, revenue from such transactions will generally be higher in that period (and lower in future periods) than if the percentage of bundled SaaS to unbundled SaaS were higher. Additionally, a multi-year unbundled SaaS contract will generally result in greater revenue recognition upfront than a one-year unbundled SaaS contract. 
 
 While we continue to see significant demand for our solutions, including our AI-powered solutions, we believe that current macroeconomic factors, as described above, are impacting customer and partner spending decisions. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Nonrecurring Revenue 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Nonrecurring revenue decreased approximately 13.1 million, or 23 , from 57.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 44.3 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease consisted of a 12.0 million decrease in professional services and other revenue, and a 1.1 million decrease in perpetual revenue. The decrease in professional services and other revenue was primarily due to a decrease in patent royalty revenue due to reaching a settlement in the prior year with a licensee related to previously underreported royalties, and a decrease in implementation services as a result of the overall shift in our business to a cloud-based model. The decrease in perpetual revenue was primarily due to a continued shift in spending by our customers towards our SaaS solutions, partially offset by an increase in demand for our offerings that include hardware with embedded software. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Nonrecurring revenue decreased approximately 17.7 million, or 11 , from 156.7 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 139.0 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease consisted of a 15.8 million decrease in professional services and other revenue, and a 1.9 million decrease in perpetual revenue. The decrease in professional services and other revenue was primarily due to a decrease in patent royalty revenue due to reaching a settlement in the prior year with a licensee related to previously underreported royalties, and a decrease in implementation services as a result of the overall shift in our business to a cloud-based model. The decrease in perpetual revenue was primarily due to a continued shift in spending by our customers towards our SaaS solutions, partially offset by an increase in demand for our offerings that include hardware with embedded software. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 The following table sets forth the cost of revenue by recurring and nonrecurring, as well as amortization of acquired technology for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Cost of recurring revenue 38,742 38,883 0 110,968 118,093 (6) Cost of nonrecurring revenue 25,324 25,046 1 78,604 79,213 (1) Amortization of acquired technology 1,500 1,609 (7) 4,499 5,511 (18) Total cost of revenue 65,566 65,538 194,071 202,817 (4) 
 
 Cost of Recurring Revenue 
 
 Cost of recurring revenue primarily consists of employee compensation and related expenses for our cloud operations and support teams, contractor costs, cloud infrastructure and data center costs, travel expenses relating to optional managed services and support, and royalties due to third parties for software components that are embedded in our cloud-based solutions. Cost of recurring revenue also includes amortization of capitalized software development costs, stock-based compensation expenses, facility costs, and other allocated overhead expenses. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Cost of recurring revenue decreased approximately 0.2 million, from 38.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 38.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in service and support costs due to lower personnel costs as a result of the divestiture mentioned above, and the write-off of certain third-party software licenses in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in the cost of third-party cloud infrastructure and data center costs in order to support our growing SaaS customer base. Our recurring revenue gross margins increased from 76 in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 78 in the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to a favorable change in offering mix as SaaS revenue carries higher gross margins than our optional managed services and support revenue, and a decrease in recurring costs. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Cost of recurring revenue decreased approximately 7.1 million, or 6 , from 118.1 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 111.0 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in service and support costs due to lower personnel costs as a result of the divestiture mentioned above, and the write-off of certain third-party software licenses in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in the cost of third-party cloud infrastructure and data center costs in order to support our growing SaaS customer base. Our recurring revenue gross margins increased from 76 in the nine months ended October 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 31, 2023 to 79 in the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to a favorable change in offering mix as SaaS revenue carries higher gross margins than our optional managed services and support revenue, and a decrease in recurring costs. 
 
 Cost of Nonrecurring Revenue 
 
 Cost of nonrecurring revenue primarily consists of employee compensation and related expenses, contractor costs, travel expenses relating to installation, training and consulting services, hardware material costs, and royalties due to third parties for software components that are embedded in our on-premises software solutions. Cost of nonrecurring revenue also includes amortization of capitalized software development costs, employee compensation and related expenses associated with our global operations, facility costs, and other allocated overhead expenses. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Cost of nonrecurring revenue increased approximately 0.3 million, or 1 , from 25.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 25.3 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in hardware costs as a result of an increase in demand for our offerings that include hardware with embedded software, partially offset by a decrease in contractor costs. Our nonrecurring gross margins decreased from 56 in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 43 in the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in patent license royalty revenue as described above, and lower perpetual license revenue driven by the continued shift in spending by our customers towards our SaaS offerings. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Cost of nonrecurring revenue decreased approximately 0.6 million, or 1 , from 79.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 78.6 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in employee compensation and related expenses due to a decrease in headcount supporting our nonrecurring revenue offerings, and a decrease in contractor costs, partially offset by an increase in hardware costs as a result of an increase in demand for our offerings that include hardware with embedded software. Our nonrecurring gross margins decreased from 49 in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 43 in the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in patent license royalty revenue as described above, and lower perpetual license revenue driven by the continued shift in spending by our customers towards our SaaS offerings. 
 
 Amortization of Acquired Technology 
 
 Amortization of acquired technology consists of the amortization of technology assets acquired in connection with business combinations. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Amortization of acquired technology decreased approximately 0.1 million, or 7 , from 1.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 1.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was attributable to acquired technology intangible assets from historical business combinations becoming fully amortized, partially offset by amortization expense associated with acquired technology intangible assets from recent business combinations. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Amortization of acquired technology decreased approximately 1.0 million, or 18 , from 5.5 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 4.5 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was attributable to acquired technology intangible assets from historical business combinations becoming fully amortized, partially offset by amortization expense associated with acquired technology intangible assets from recent business combinations. 
 
 Further discussion regarding our business combinations appears in Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 Research and Development, Net 
 
 Research and development expenses, net R D consist primarily of personnel and subcontracting expenses, facility costs, and other allocated overhead, net of certain software development costs that are capitalized and benefits derived from participation in government-sponsored programs in certain jurisdictions for the support of research and development activities conducted in those locations. Software development costs are capitalized upon the establishment of technological feasibility and continue to be capitalized through the general release of the related software product. 
 
 The following table sets forth R D for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Research and development, net 37,736 32,084 18 109,824 97,923 12 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. R D increased approximately 5.6 million, or 18 , from 32.1 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 37.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. This increase was primarily attributable to a 4.2 million increase in employee compensation and related expenses primarily due to increased investment in R D headcount, and a 1.3 million increase in cloud-based R D infrastructure costs. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. R D increased approximately 11.9 million, or 12 , from 97.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 109.8 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. This increase was primarily attributable to a 9.5 million increase in employee compensation and related expenses primarily due to increased investment in R D headcount, a 3.1 million increase in cloud-based R D infrastructure costs, and a 2.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to an increase in the grant date fair value of employee equity awards, partially offset by a 3.1 million increase in the capitalization of software development costs. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A consist primarily of personnel costs and related expenses, professional fees, changes in the fair values of our obligations under contingent consideration arrangements, sales and marketing expenses, including travel costs, sales commissions and sales referral fees, facility costs, communication expenses, and other administrative expenses. 
 
 The following table sets forth SG A for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Selling, general and administrative 95,987 87,879 9 282,441 297,532 (5) 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. SG A increased approximately 8.1 million, or 9 , from 87.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 96.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. This increase was primarily due to an increase of 3.1 million in employee compensation and related expenses primarily due to general wage inflation, a 2.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to an increase in the grant date fair value of employee equity awards, a 1.9 million increase in marketing-related expenses, and a 1.9 million increase in professional services expense primarily due to recent acquisitions as discussed in Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report, partially offset by a 1.8 million decrease in IT costs and asset impairment charges related to a cloud-based IT infrastructure realignment project that was substantially completed during the year ended January 31, 2024. SG A was also impacted by a 1.0 million charge due to a change in the fair value of our obligations under contingent consideration arrangements, from a net benefit of 0.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to a net charge of 0.3 million during the three months ended October 31, 2024, as a result of revised outlooks for achieving the performance targets under several unrelated contingent consideration arrangements. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. SG A decreased approximately 15.1 million, or 5 , from 297.5 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 282.4 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. This decrease was primarily due to a 16.4 million decrease in IT costs and asset impairment charges related to a cloud-based IT infrastructure realignment project that was substantially completed during the year ended January 31, 2024, a decrease of 6.1 million in accelerated facility costs and asset impairment charges due to the early termination or abandonment of certain office leases in the prior year, and a 5.2 million decrease in professional services expense primarily due to reaching settlement in the prior year regarding certain legal matters discussed in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. These decreases were partially offset by a 6.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to an increase in the grant date fair value of employee equity awards, a 1.7 million increase in contractor costs, a 1.3 million increase in the cost of third-party software components in order to support our hybrid work environment, and a 1.2 million increase in marketing-related expenses. SG A was also impacted by a 2.9 million charge due to a change in the fair value of our obligations under 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 contingent consideration arrangements, from a net benefit of 2.8 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to a net charge of 0.1 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, as a result of revised outlooks for achieving the performance targets under several unrelated contingent consideration arrangements. 
 
 Amortization of Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of other acquired intangible assets consists of the amortization of certain intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations, including customer relationships, distribution networks, trade names, and non-compete agreements. 
 
 The following table sets forth the amortization of other acquired intangible assets for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Amortization of other acquired intangible assets 3,156 6,328 (50) 9,241 19,028 (51) 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Amortization of other acquired intangible assets decreased approximately 3.1 million, or 50 , from 6.3 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 3.2 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was attributable to acquired customer-related intangible assets from historical business combinations becoming fully amortized, partially offset by amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets from recent business combinations. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Amortization of other acquired intangible assets decreased approximately 9.8 million, or 51 , from 19.0 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 9.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was attributable to acquired customer-related intangible assets from historical business combinations becoming fully amortized, partially offset by amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets from recent business combinations. 
 
 Further discussion regarding our business combinations appears in Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 
 The following table sets forth total other expense, net for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 Interest income 1,674 1,650 1 5,248 5,440 (4) Interest expense (2,539) (2,609) (3) (7,723) (7,994) (3) Other (expense) income: Foreign currency (losses) gains, net (2,423) 39 (4,894) 212 Other, net (119) 20 (1,042) (153) Total other expense, net (2,542) 59 (5,936) 59 Total other expense, net (3,407) (900) (8,411) (2,495) 
 
 Percentage is not meaningful. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Total other expense, net, increased by 2.5 million from 0.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 3.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 We recorded 2.4 million of net foreign currency losses in the three months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to an insignificant amount of foreign currency gains during the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our foreign currency losses in 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 the current period were primarily from fluctuations associated with the exchange rate movement of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Total other expense, net, increased by 5.9 million from 2.5 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 8.4 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 Interest income decreased from 5.4 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 5.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 due to lower balances of our investments in commercial paper and money market funds, which are included in cash and cash equivalents, as well as our bank time deposits, which are included in short-term investments. 
 
 Interest expense decreased from 8.0 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 7.7 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 primarily due to 0.2 million of combined deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discount associated with the Term Loan that were written off and were included within interest expense on our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2023. Further discussion regarding our borrowings appears in Note 7, Long-term Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 We recorded 4.9 million of net foreign currency losses in the nine months ended October 31, 2024, and 0.2 million of net foreign currency gains in the nine months ended October 31, 2023. Our foreign currency losses in the current period were primarily from fluctuations associated with the exchange rate movement of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling and the Brazilian real, as well as the collection of a long-standing foreign withholding tax receivable. 
 
 We recorded 1.0 million of expense within other, net in the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to the recognition of a 0.5 million unrealized loss from a fair value adjustment to a noncontrolling equity investment related to an observable price change in the period. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The following table sets forth our provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change Nine Months Ended October 31, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024-2023 2024 2023 2024-2023 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (10,676) 12,953 (182) 1,533 14,772 (90) 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2023. Our effective income tax rate was negative 58.2 for the three months ended October 31, 2024, compared to an effective income tax rate of 50.2 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by the benefit of certain domestic tax credits, changes in reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, and lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. The result was an income tax benefit of 10.7 million on pretax income of 18.3 million, which represented a negative income tax rate of 58.2 . 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2023, the effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. The result was an income tax provision of 13.0 million on pretax income of 25.8 million, which represented an effective income tax rate of 50.2 . 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023. Our effective income tax rate was 3.0 for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, compared to an effective income tax rate of 58.0 for the nine months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by the benefit of certain domestic tax credits, changes in reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, and lower statutory rates in certain 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 foreign jurisdictions. The result was an income tax provision of 1.5 million on pretax income of 51.7 million, which represented an effective income tax rate of 3.0 . 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2023, the effective tax rate varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to the U.S. taxation of certain foreign activities, offset by lower statutory rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. The result was an income tax provision of 14.8 million on pretax income of 25.5 million, which represented an effective income tax rate of 58.0 . 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD Pillar 2 guidelines address the increasing digitalization of the global economy, re-allocating taxing rights among countries. The European Union and many other member states have committed to adopting Pillar 2 which calls for a global minimum tax of 15 to be effective for tax years beginning in 2024. Certain jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted Pillar 2 legislation and others are considering changes to their tax laws to adopt the Pillar 2 global minimum tax. We are monitoring developments and evaluating the impacts these new rules will have on our tax rate, including eligibility to qualify for safe harbor rules. We do not currently anticipate that the rules will have a material impact on our income tax provision this year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our primary recurring source of cash is the collection of proceeds from the sale of products and services to our customers, including cash periodically collected in advance of delivery or performance. 
 
 On December 4, 2019, we announced that an affiliate (the Apax Investor of Apax Partners Apax would make an investment in us in an amount of up to 400.0 million. Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2019 (the Investment Agreement ), on May 7, 2020, the Apax Investor purchased 200.0 million of our Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock with an initial conversion price of 53.50 per share. In accordance with the Investment Agreement, the Series A Preferred Stock did not participate in the Spin-Off distribution of the Cognyte shares and the Series A Preferred Stock conversion price was instead adjusted to 36.38 per share based on the ratio of the relative trading prices of Verint and Cognyte following the Spin-Off. In connection with the completion of the Spin-Off, on April 6, 2021, the Apax Investor purchased 200.0 million of our Series B convertible preferred stock Series B Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible at a conversion price of 50.25, based in part on our trading price over the 20 trading day period following the Spin-Off. As of October 31, 2024, Apax s ownership in us on an as-converted basis was approximately 13.4 . 
 
 Each series of Preferred Stock paid dividends at an annual rate of 5.2 until May 7, 2024, and thereafter pays at a rate of 4.0 , subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. Dividends will be cumulative and payable semiannually in arrears in cash. All dividends that are not paid in cash will remain accumulated dividends with respect to each share of Preferred Stock. We used the proceeds from the Apax investment to repay outstanding indebtedness, to fund a portion of our stock repurchase programs (as described below under Liquidity and Capital Resources Requirements ), and/or for general corporate purposes. Please refer to Note 9, Convertible Preferred Stock , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information regarding the Apax convertible preferred stock investment. 
 
 Our primary recurring use of cash is payment of our operating costs, which consist primarily of employee-related expenses, such as compensation and benefits, as well as general operating expenses for cloud operations, marketing, facilities and overhead costs, and capital expenditures. We also utilize cash for debt service, securities repurchases, dividends on the Preferred Stock, and business acquisitions. Cash generated from operations, along with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are our primary sources of operating liquidity. 
 
 We have historically expanded our business in part by investing in strategic growth initiatives, including acquisitions of products, technologies, and businesses. We may finance such acquisitions using cash, debt, stock, or a combination of the foregoing, however, we have used cash as consideration for substantially all of our historical business combinations and asset acquisitions, including approximately 55.9 million and 3.2 million of net cash expended for business combinations and asset acquisitions during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Please refer to Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information regarding our recent business combinations and asset acquisitions. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We continually examine our options with respect to terms and sources of existing and future short-term and long-term capital resources to enhance our operating results and to ensure that we retain financial flexibility, and may from time to time elect to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity or the incurrence of additional debt. 
 
 A portion of our operating income is earned outside the United States. Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash, restricted cash equivalents, and restricted bank time deposits (excluding any long-term portions) held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States were 135.4 million and 143.1 million as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively, and are generally used to fund the subsidiaries operating requirements and to invest in growth initiatives, including business acquisitions. These subsidiaries also held long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents, and restricted bank time deposits of 0.2 million, at October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. 
 
 We currently intend to continue to indefinitely reinvest a portion of the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which, as a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, may now be repatriated without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. 
 
 Should other circumstances arise whereby we require more capital in the United States than is generated by our domestic operations, or should we otherwise consider it in our best interests, we could repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions, which could result in higher effective tax rates. As noted above, we currently intend to indefinitely reinvest a portion of the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to finance foreign activities. Except to the extent that earnings of our foreign subsidiaries have been subject to U.S. taxation as of October 31, 2024, we have not provided tax on the outside basis difference of foreign subsidiaries nor have we provided for any additional withholding or other tax that may be applicable should a future distribution be made from any unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Due to complexities in the laws of the foreign jurisdictions and the assumptions that would have to be made, it is not practicable to estimate the total amount of income and withholding taxes that would have to be provided on such earnings. 
 
 The following table summarizes our total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and bank time deposits, and short-term investments, as well as our total debt, as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024: 
 
 October 31, January 31, (in thousands) 2024 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 182,823 241,400 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, and restricted bank time deposits (excluding long term portions) 486 1,269 Short-term investments 779 686 Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank time deposits, and short-term investments 184,088 243,355 Total debt, including current portions 412,242 410,965 
 
 Capital Allocation Framework 
 
 As noted above, after cash utilization required for working capital, capital expenditures, required debt service, and dividends on the Preferred Stock, we expect that our primary usage of cash will be for business combinations, repayment or repurchases of outstanding indebtedness, and/or stock repurchases under repurchase programs that may be in place from time to time (subject to the terms of our Credit Agreement). Please see the Liquidity and Capital Resources Requirements section below for further information about our recent stock repurchase program. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Activity 
 
 The following table summarizes selected items from our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 98,227 81,679 Net cash used in investing activities (74,007) (24,333) Net cash used in financing activities (84,383) (127,397) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 803 (700) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (59,360) (70,751) 
 
 Our financing activities used 84.4 million of net cash and our investing activities used 74.0 million of net cash during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, which was partially offset by 98.2 million of cash generated from operating activities. Further discussion of these items appears below. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities is driven primarily by our net income or loss, as adjusted for non-cash items and working capital changes. Operating activities generated 98.2 million of net cash during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 81.7 million generated during the nine months ended October 31, 2023. Our operating cash flow in the current period increased primarily due to higher net income adjusted for non-cash expenses as a result of higher operating income, and lower operating lease payments, partially offset by a decrease in non-cash expenses primarily driven by lower depreciation expenses as a result of our workplace modifications and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 
 
 Our cash flow from operating activities can fluctuate from period to period due to several factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, the timing and amounts of interest, income tax and other payments, and our operating results. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, our investing activities used 74.0 million of net cash, consisting primarily of 55.9 million of net cash utilized for business combinations and asset acquisitions, 21.2 million of payments for property, equipment and capitalized software development, and 0.1 million of net purchases of short-term investments, partially offset by 3.2 million of net proceeds from the divestiture of our manual quality managed services business, which occurred during the three months ended January 31, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2023, our investing activities used 24.3 million of net cash, consisting primarily of 19.9 million of payments for property, equipment and capitalized software development costs, 3.2 million of net cash utilized for business combinations and asset acquisitions, and a 1.6 million investment in a privately-held company, partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in restricted bank time deposits during the period. 
 
 We had no significant commitments for capital expenditures at October 31, 2024. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, our financing activities used 84.4 million of net cash, consisting primarily of 58.6 million of payments to repurchase common stock, 20.1 million of payments of Preferred Stock dividends, 3.5 million for the financing portion of payments under contingent consideration arrangements related to prior business combinations, 1.7 million of finance lease payments and other financing obligations, a 0.5 million distribution to a noncontrolling shareholder of one of our subsidiaries, and 0.2 million paid for debt-related issuance fees, partially offset by 0.2 million of cash received related to the sale of an insignificant product line in March 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2023, our financing activities used 127.4 million of net cash, primarily due to 100.0 million of repayments of borrowings under our Term Loan, 99.3 million of payments to repurchase common stock, 20.8 million of payments of Preferred Stock dividends, 4.2 million for the financing portion of payments under contingent consideration arrangements related to prior business combinations, 2.4 million of finance lease payments and other financing obligations, a 0.5 million distribution to a noncontrolling shareholder of one of our subsidiaries, and 0.2 million paid for debt-related issuance fees, partially offset by 100.0 million of proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Requirements 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated operating costs, required payments of principal and interest, dividends on Preferred Stock, working capital needs, ordinary course capital expenditures, research and development spending, and other commitments for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of our condensed consolidated financial statements. Currently, we have no plans to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, which are subject to certain restrictions under our Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a decrease in demand for our products and services, including the impact of changes in customer buying behavior due to circumstances over which we have no control, including, but not limited to, the effects of general economic conditions or geopolitical developments. If we determine to make additional business acquisitions or otherwise require additional funds, we may need to raise additional capital, which could involve the issuance of additional equity or debt securities or an increase in our borrowings under our credit facility. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 On December 7, 2022, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a stock repurchase program for the period from December 12, 2022 until January 31, 2025, whereby we may repurchase shares of common stock in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, 200.0 million during the repurchase period, which was completed during the six months ended July 31, 2024. On September 4, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a new stock repurchase program for the period from August 29, 2024 until August 29, 2026, whereby we may repurchase shares of common stock not to exceed, in the aggregate, 200.0 million during the repurchase period. Repurchases are expected to be financed with available cash in the United States. 
 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately 649,000 shares of our common stock for a cost of 23.5 million under the prior stock repurchase program. During the year ended January 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 4,124,000 shares of our common stock for a cost of 124.4 million, including an excise tax of 0.8 million under the prior stock repurchase program, as well as approximately 1,000 shares to facilitate income tax withholding or payments. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 1,701,000 shares of our common stock during the period for a cost of 52.9 million under the prior stock repurchase program, approximately 217,000 shares of common stock for a cost of 5.7 million under the new stock repurchase program, and an insignificant number of shares to facilitate income tax withholding or payments as described above. Our share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act IRA ). We recognized excise tax of 0.1 million as part of the cost basis of shares acquired in the condensed consolidated statements of stockholders equity during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. Repurchases were funded with available cash in the United States. 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 2021 Notes 
 
 On April 9, 2021, we issued 315.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2021 Notes, unless earlier converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. The 2021 Notes are unsecured and pay interest in cash semiannually in arrears at a rate of 0.25 per annum. 
 
 We used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Notes to pay the costs of the Capped Calls described below. We also used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Notes, together with the net proceeds from the April 6, 2021 issuance of 200.0 million of Series B Preferred Stock, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement described below, to terminate an interest rate swap agreement, and to repurchase shares of our common stock. The remainder is being used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The 2021 Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion rate of 16.1092 shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2021 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 62.08 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, and subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Prior to January 15, 2026, the 2021 Notes will be convertible only upon the occurrence of certain events and during certain periods, and will be convertible thereafter at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2021 Notes. Upon conversion of the 2021 Notes, holders will receive cash up to the aggregate principal amount, with any remainder to be settled with cash or common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. As of October 31, 2024, the 2021 Notes were not convertible. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Based on the closing market price of our common stock on October 31, 2024, the if-converted value of the 2021 Notes was less than their aggregate principal amount. 
 
 Capped Calls 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, on April 6, 2021 and April 8, 2021, we entered into capped call transactions (the Capped Calls with certain counterparties. The Capped Calls are intended generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2021 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2021 Notes, in the event that at the time of conversion our common stock price exceeds the conversion price, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 The Capped Calls exercise price is equal to the 62.08 initial conversion price of each of the 2021 Notes, and the cap price is 100.00, each subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Calls. The Capped Calls have the economic effect of increasing the conversion price of the 2021 Notes from 62.08 per share to 100.00 per share. Our exercise rights under the Capped Calls generally trigger upon conversion of the 2021 Notes, and the Capped Calls terminate upon maturity of the 2021 Notes, or the first day the 2021 Notes are no longer outstanding. As of October 31, 2024, no Capped Calls have been exercised. 
 
 Pursuant to their terms, the Capped Calls qualify for classification within stockholders equity, and their fair value is not remeasured and adjusted, as long as they continue to qualify for stockholders equity classification. We paid approximately 41.1 million for the Capped Calls, including applicable transaction costs, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On June 29, 2017, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders and terminated a prior credit agreement. The credit agreement was amended in 2018, 2020, 2021, and 2023, as further described below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Credit Agreement currently provides for 725.0 million of senior secured credit facilities, comprised of a 425.0 million term loan that was scheduled to mature on June 29, 2024 (the Term Loan prior to being repaid by us in full, and a 300.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility replaced our prior 300.0 million revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolving Credit Facility ), and is subject to increase and reduction from time to time according to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On April 27, 2023, we repaid the remaining 100.0 million outstanding principal balance on our Term Loan in full with proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility, in addition to 0.5 million of accrued interest thereon. As a result, 0.2 million of deferred debt issuance costs associated with the Term Loan were written off and were included within interest expense on our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 Interest rates on loans under the Credit Agreement are periodically reset, at our option, originally at either a Eurodollar Rate (which was derived from LIBOR) or an alternative base rate ABR (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus in each case a margin. 
 
 On May 10, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment related to the phase-out of LIBOR by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Effective July 1, 2023, borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at our option, at either: (i) the ABR, plus the applicable margin therefor or (ii) the adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator (as more fully defined and set forth in the Credit Agreement, Adjusted Term SOFR ), plus the applicable margin therefor. The applicable margin in each case is determined based on our Leverage Ratio (as defined below) and ranges from 0.25 to 1.25 for borrowings bearing interest at the ABR and from 1.25 to 2.25 for borrowings bearing interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 9, 2026, provided that the maturity date will be January 7, 2026 if on that date a principal amount in excess of 35.0 million of the 2021 Notes remains outstanding and that amount has not been cash collateralized. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility were 100.0 million at October 31, 2024, which is included in long-term debt on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. For borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable margin is determined by reference to our Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the Credit Agreement) leverage ratio (the Leverage Ratio ). As of October 31, 2024, the interest rate on our Revolving Credit Facility borrowings was 6.05 . In addition, we are required to pay a commitment fee with respect to unused availability under the Revolving Credit Facility at rates per annum determined by reference to our Leverage Ratio. The proceeds of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay the outstanding balance of the Term Loan. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

The Credit Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that, solely with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, requires us to maintain a Leverage Ratio of no greater than 4.5 to 1. At October 31, 2024, our Leverage Ratio was approximately 1.1 to 1. The limitations imposed by the covenants are subject to certain exceptions as detailed in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of our direct and indirect existing and future material domestic wholly owned restricted subsidiaries and are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of the guarantor subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides for events of default with corresponding grace periods that we believe are customary for credit facilities of this type. Upon an event of default, all of our obligations owed under the Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable, and the lenders commitments to make loans under the Credit Agreement may be terminated. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal commitments primarily consist of long-term debt, dividends on Preferred Stock, leases for office space and open non-cancellable purchase orders. As of October 31, 2024, we believe there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations from those disclosed in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. For additional information regarding our leases, long-term debt and our commitments and contingencies, see Note 15, Leases , in the Form 10-K and Note 7, Long-Term Debt , Note 9, Convertible Preferred Stock , and Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, our total operating lease liabilities were 35.3 million, of which 5.7 million is included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions), and 29.6 million is included as operating lease liabilities (long-term portions), on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 It is not our business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. However, in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts in which we make representations and warranties that guarantee the performance of our products and services. Historically, there have been no significant losses related to such guarantees. 
 
 Our condensed consolidated balance sheet at October 31, 2024 included 63.0 million of non-current tax reserves (including interest and penalties of 7.6 million), net of related benefits for uncertain tax positions. We do not expect to make any significant payments for these uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months. 
 
 Contingent Payments Associated with Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions 
 
 In connection with certain of our business combinations, we have agreed to make contingent cash payments to the former owners of the acquired companies based upon the achievement of performance targets following the acquisition dates. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we made 4.5 million of payments under contingent consideration arrangements. As of October 31, 2024, potential future cash payments under contingent consideration arrangements totaled 59.3 million, the estimated fair value of which was 22.7 million, of which 8.9 million was recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and 13.8 million was recorded within other liabilities. The performance periods associated with these potential payments extend through October 2027. 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into an agreement to acquire source code that qualifies as an asset acquisition and provides for additional consideration contingent upon achieving certain performance targets for the years ending January 31, 2025 and 2026 of up to 5.0 million, plus the opportunity to receive additional payments from us based on any revenue we receive from sales of products based on the acquired technology in adjacent markets. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we made a 0.3 million noncontingent prepayment against the first period earn-out, and accrued the remaining 1.7 million of the minimum guaranteed contingent consideration upon achieving certain milestones by certain dates. Refer to Note 5, Business Combinations, Asset Acquisitions, and Divestitures to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report for further details. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 49 

For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, and the potential impact of these pronouncements on our condensed consolidated financial statements, see Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial condition due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. To manage the volatility relating to interest rate and foreign currency risks, we periodically enter into derivative instruments including foreign currency forward exchange contracts and interest rate swap agreements. It is our policy to use derivative instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet our risk management objectives. We use derivative instruments solely to reduce the financial impact of these risks and do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk on Our Debt 
 
 In April 2021, we issued 315.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes. Prior to January 15, 2026, the 2021 Notes will be convertible only upon the occurrence of certain events and during certain periods, and will be convertible thereafter at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2021 Notes. Upon conversion of the 2021 Notes, holders will receive cash up to the aggregate principal amount, with any remainder to be settled with cash or common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. Concurrent with the issuance of the 2021 Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties. These separate transactions were completed to reduce our exposure to potential dilution upon conversion of the 2021 Notes. 
 
 The 2021 Notes have a fixed annual interest rate of 0.25 and therefore do not have interest rate risk exposure. However, the fair values of the 2021 Notes are subject to interest rate risk, market risk, and other factors due to the convertible feature. The fair values of the 2021 Notes are also affected by our common stock price. Generally, the fair values of the 2021 Notes will increase as interest rates fall and/or our common stock price increases, and decrease as interest rates rise and/or our common stock price decreases. Changes in the fair values of the 2021 Notes do not impact our financial position, cash flows, or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligations. We do not carry the 2021 Notes at fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, but we report the fair value of the 2021 Notes for disclosure purposes. 
 
 Interest rates on loans under the Credit Agreement are periodically reset, at our option, originally at either a Eurodollar Rate or an ABR, plus, in each case, a margin. On May 10, 2023, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement related to the phase-out of LIBOR by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Effective July 1, 2023, borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at our option, at either: (i) the ABR, plus the applicable rate margin therefor or (ii) Adjusted Term SOFR, plus the applicable margin therefor. The applicable margin in each case is determined based on our leverage ratio (described above) and ranges from 0.25 to 1.25 for borrowings bearing interest at the ABR and from 1.25 to 2.25 for borrowings bearing interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 
 On April 27, 2023, we repaid in full the remaining 100.0 million outstanding principal balance related to our Term Loan with 100.0 million of proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. For loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, the margin is determined by reference to our Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA leverage ratio. As of October 31, 2024, the interest rate on our 100.0 million of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility was 6.05 . A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 While we continue to see significant demand for our solutions, including our AI-powered solutions, we believe that current macroeconomic factors, including high prices due to inflation and changes in the interest rate environment, are impacting customer and partner spending decisions. Given the current macroeconomic environment, we continue to look for ways to manage our costs and mitigate any changes in our customers purchasing behavior that may occur due to these or other factors. If our costs, in particular labor, sales and marketing, and cloud hosting costs, become subject to sustained or increased inflationary pressure, we may be unable to fully offset such higher costs through price increases, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk under Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024 provides detailed quantitative and qualitative discussions of the market risks affecting our operations. Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, other than as described above. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of October 31, 2024. Disclosure controls and procedures are those controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified by the rules and forms promulgated by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As a result of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended October 31, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be achieved. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the impact of resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all possible conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements under Part I, Item 1 of this report for information regarding our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us, however. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be insignificant also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results in the future. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 On December 7, 2022, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a stock repurchase program for the period from December 12, 2022 until January 31, 2025, whereby we may repurchase shares of common stock in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, 200.0 million during the repurchase period. On September 4, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a new stock repurchase program for the period from August 29, 2024 until August 29, 2026, whereby we may repurchase shares of common stock not to exceed, in the aggregate, 200.0 million during the repurchase period. 
 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately 649,000 shares of our common stock for a cost of 23.5 million under the prior stock repurchase program. During the year ended January 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 4,124,000 shares under the prior stock repurchase program for an aggregate purchase price of 123.6 million, excluding an excise tax of 0.8 million. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 1,701,000 shares of our common stock during the period for a cost of 52.9 million under the prior stock repurchase program, approximately 217,000 shares of common stock for a cost of 5.7 million under the new stock repurchase program, and an insignificant number of shares to facilitate income tax withholding or payments as described above, excluding an excise tax of 0.1 million. 
 
 From time to time, we have purchased shares of our common stock from our directors, officers, and other employees to facilitate income tax withholding or payments upon vesting of equity awards during Company-imposed trading blackout or lockup periods. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (the "IRA") into law. The IRA imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances, which is effective for us for repurchases completed after December 31, 2022. We reflect the excise tax within equity as part of the repurchase of the common stock. 
 
 Share repurchase activity during the three months ended October 31, 2024 was as follows: 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Period Total Number Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 216,600 26.24 216,600 194,316 October 1, 2024 - October 31, 2024 
 216,600 26.24 216,600 194,316 
 
 (1) Represents the approximate weighted-average price paid per share and excludes excise tax. 
 
 The average price per share and aggregate cost amounts disclosed above do not include the cost of commissions or the excise tax. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each of these terms is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibit list includes agreements that we entered into or that became effective during the three months ended October 31, 2024: Number Description Filed Herewith / Incorporated by Reference from 3 .1 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws (as amended) of Verint Syste ms Inc. 
 Form 8-K filed on Nov ember 25, 2024 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (1) 
 Filed herewith 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (1) 
 Filed herewith 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 
 (1) These exhibits are being furnished with this periodic report and are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of the company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Verint Systems Inc. December 4, 2024 /s/ Grant Highlander Grant Highlander Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vrnt-ex311_20241031xform10.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dan Bodner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verint Systems Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated December 4, 2024 By s Dan Bodner Dan Bodner Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vrnt-ex312_20241031xform10.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Grant Highlander, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verint Systems Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated December 4, 2024 By s Grant Highlander Grant Highlander Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vrnt-ex321_20241031xform10.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Verint Systems Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), I, Dan Bodner, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated December 4, 2024 s Dan Bodner Dan Bodner Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vrnt-ex322_20241031xform10.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Verint Systems Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), I, Grant Highlander, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated December 4, 2024 s Grant Highlander Grant Highlander Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vrnt-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vrnt-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vrnt-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vrnt-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vrnt-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

