<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1514705_0001514705-24-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7263983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113881</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1939186</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2499376</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1319446</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1258130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001514705-24-000021.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031122012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001514705-24-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SunCoke Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514705
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				900640593
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35243
		FILM NUMBER:		241413991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1011 WARRENVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LISLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60532
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-824-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1011 WARRENVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LISLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60532

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001514705-24-000021.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 sxc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sxc-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, there wer e shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 SUNCOKE ENERGY, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 1. General 
 7 
 2. Inventories 
 7 
 3. Intangible Assets 
 8 
 4. Income Taxes 
 8 
 5. Accrued Liabilities 
 9 
 6. Debt 
 9 
 7. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 9 
 8. Share-Based Compensation 
 11 
 9. Earnings per Share 
 13 
 10. Fair Value Measurement 
 14 
 11. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 14 
 12. Business Segment Information 
 15 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 28 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 28 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 29 
 Signatures 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 We have made forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, among others, in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words believe, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, estimate, predict, potential, continue, may, will, should or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs, expectations and assumptions based upon information currently available, and include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, potential growth opportunities (including, among other things, continued expansion into the foundry coke market), the influence of competition, and the effects of future legislation or regulations. In addition, statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q concerning future dividend declarations are subject to approval by our Board of Directors and will be based upon circumstances then existing. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, but are based upon the current knowledge, beliefs and expectations of SunCoke management, and upon assumptions by SunCoke concerning future conditions, any or all of which ultimately may prove to be inaccurate. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should not be construed by you to be exhaustive and speak only as of the date of this report. We do not have any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statement (or its associated cautionary language), whether as a result of new information or future events, after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, except as required by applicable law. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 The risk factors discussed in Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There also may be other risks that are currently unknown to us or that we are unable to predict at this time. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: 
 actual or potential impacts of international conflicts and humanitarian crises on global commodity prices, inflationary pressures, and state sponsored cyber activity; 
 the effect of inflation on wages and operating expenses; 
 volatility and cyclical downturns in the steel industry and in other industries in which our customers and/or suppliers operate; 
 changes in the marketplace that may affect our cokemaking business, including the supply and demand for our coke products, as well as increased imports of coke from foreign producers; 
 volatility, cyclical downturns and other change in the business climate and market for coal, affecting customers or potential customers for our logistics business; 
 changes in the marketplace that may affect our logistics business, including the supply and demand for thermal and metallurgical coal; 
 severe financial hardship or bankruptcy of one or more of our major customers, or the occurrence of a customer default or other event affecting our ability to collect payments from our customers; 
 our ability to repair aging coke ovens to maintain operational performance; 
 age of, and changes in the reliability, efficiency and capacity of the various equipment and operating facilities used in our cokemaking operations, and in the operations of our subsidiaries major customers, business partners and/or suppliers; 
 changes in the expected operating levels of our assets; 
 changes in the level of capital expenditures or operating expenses, including any changes in the level of environmental capital, operating or remediation expenditures; 
 changes in levels of production, production capacity, pricing and/or margins for coal and coke; 
 changes in product specifications for the coke that we produce or the coals we mix, store and transport; 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to meet minimum volume requirements, coal-to-coke yield standards and coke quality standards in our coke sales agreements; 
 variation in availability, quality and supply of metallurgical coal used in the cokemaking process, including as a result of non-performance by our suppliers; 
 effects of geologic conditions, weather, natural disasters and other inherent risks beyond our control; 
 effects of adverse events relating to the operation of our facilities and to the transportation and storage of hazardous materials or regulated media (including equipment malfunction, explosions, fires, spills, impoundment failure and the effects of severe weather conditions); 
 the existence of hazardous substances or other environmental contamination on property owned or used by us; 
 required permits and other regulatory approvals and compliance with contractual obligations and/or bonding requirements in connection with our cokemaking, logistics operations, and/or former coal mining activities; 
 the availability of future permits authorizing the disposition of certain mining waste and the management of reclamation areas; 
 risks related to environmental compliance; 
 our ability to comply with applicable federal, state or local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to environmental matters; 
 risks related to labor relations and workplace safety; 
 availability of skilled employees for our cokemaking, and/or logistics operations, and other workplace factors; 
 our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness; 
 our indebtedness and certain covenants in our debt documents; 
 our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions imposed by our financing arrangements; 
 changes in the availability and cost of equity and debt financing; 
 impacts on our liquidity and ability to raise capital as a result of changes in the credit ratings assigned to our indebtedness; 
 competition from alternative steelmaking and other technologies that have the potential to reduce or eliminate the use of coke; 
 our dependence on, relationships with, and other conditions affecting our customers and/or suppliers; 
 consolidation of major customers; 
 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, or changes in contract terms with, major customers, suppliers, dealers, distributors or other business partners; 
 effects of adverse events relating to the business or commercial operations of our customers and/or suppliers; 
 changes in credit terms required by our suppliers; 
 our ability to secure new coal supply agreements or to renew existing coal supply agreements; 
 effects of railroad, barge, truck and other transportation performance and costs, including any transportation disruptions; 
 our ability to enter into new, or renew existing, long-term agreements upon favorable terms for the sale of coke, steam, or electric power, or for handling services of coal and other aggregates (including transportation, storage and mixing); 
 our ability to enter into new, or renew existing, agreements upon favorable terms for logistics services; 
 our ability to successfully implement domestic and/or international growth strategies; 
 our ability to identify acquisitions, execute them under favorable terms, and integrate them into our existing business operations; 
 our ability to realize expected benefits from investments and acquisitions; 
 our ability to enter into joint ventures and other similar arrangements under favorable terms; 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to consummate assets sales, other divestitures and strategic restructuring in a timely manner upon favorable terms, and/or realize the anticipated benefits from such actions; 
 our ability to consummate investments under favorable terms, including with respect to existing cokemaking facilities, which may utilize by-product technology, and integrate them into our existing businesses and have them perform at anticipated levels; 
 our ability to develop, design, permit, construct, start up, or operate new cokemaking facilities in the U.S. or in foreign countries; 
 disruption in our information technology infrastructure and/or loss of our ability to securely store, maintain, or transmit data due to security breach by hackers, employee error or malfeasance, terrorist attack, power loss, telecommunications failure or other events; 
 the accuracy of our estimates of reclamation and other environmental obligations; 
 risks related to obligations under mineral leases retained by us in connection with the divestment of our legacy coal mining business; 
 risks related to the ability of the assignee(s) to perform in compliance with applicable requirements under mineral leases assigned in connection with the divestment of our legacy coal mining business; 
 proposed or final changes in existing, or new, statutes, regulations, rules, governmental policies and taxes, or their interpretations, including those relating to environmental matters and taxes; 
 proposed or final changes in accounting and/or tax methodologies, laws, regulations, rules, or policies, or their interpretations, including those affecting inventories, leases, post-employment benefits, income, or other matters; 
 changes in federal, state, or local tax laws or regulations, including the interpretations thereof; 
 claims of noncompliance with any statutory or regulatory requirements; 
 changes in insurance markets impacting cost, level and/or types of coverage available, and the financial ability of our insurers to meet their obligations; 
 inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights; 
 volatility in foreign currency exchange rates affecting the markets and geographic regions in which we conduct business; and 
 historical consolidated financial data may not be reliable indicators of future results. 
 The factors identified above are believed to be important factors, but not necessarily all of the important factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. Other factors not discussed herein also could have material adverse effects on us. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 
 In addition, our discussion of certain environmental, social and governance ESG assessments and related issues in this or other disclosures, including on our corporate website, is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data) and the interests of various stakeholders. As such, such information may not be, and should not be interpreted as necessarily being, material under the federal securities laws for Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reporting purposes. Furthermore, much of this information is subject to assumptions, methodologies, or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to repeated change. Our disclosures may change as a result of changes in frameworks, availability or quality of information, changes in business or government policy, or other factors, which may be out of our control. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues Sales and other operating revenue Costs and operating expenses Cost of products sold and operating expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expense Total costs and operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to SunCoke Energy, Inc. Earnings attributable to SunCoke Energy, Inc. per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 
 Basic Diluted 
 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Reclassifications of prior service benefit and actuarial loss amortization to earnings, net of tax Currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions, except par value amounts) Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Income tax receivable Other current assets Total current assets Properties, plants and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Intangible assets, net Deferred charges and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Interest payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrual for black lung benefits Retirement benefit liabilities Deferred income taxes Asset retirement obligations Other deferred credits and liabilities Total liabilities Equity Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued shares at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, shares at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total SunCoke Energy, Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Deferred income tax expense Share-based compensation expense Gain on extinguishment of legacy coal liabilities ) Changes in working capital pertaining to operating activities: Receivables, net Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Interest payable Income taxes ) Other operating activities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from revolving facility Repayment of revolving facility ) ) Repayment of financing obligation ) Dividends paid ) ) Cash distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid 
 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total SunCoke Energy, Inc. Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (Dollars in millions) At June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Reclassifications of prior service benefit and actuarial loss amortization to earnings, net of tax Share-based compensation Dividends ) ) ) At September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total SunCoke Energy, Inc. Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (Dollars in millions) At June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends ) ) ) Cash distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) At September 30, 2023 ) ) (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total SunCoke Energy, Inc. Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (Dollars in millions) At December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Reclassifications of prior service benefit and actuarial loss amortization to earnings, net of tax Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Share-based compensation Share issuances, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Cash distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) At September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total SunCoke Energy, Inc. Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (Dollars in millions) At December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Reclassifications of prior service benefit and actuarial loss amortization to earnings, net of tax Currency translation adjustment Share-based compensation Share issuances, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Cash distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) At September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 years of coke production experience. Coke is produced by heating metallurgical coal in a refractory oven, which releases certain volatile components from the coal, thus transforming the coal into coke. Our coke is primarily used as a principal raw material in the blast furnace steelmaking process as well as in the foundry production of casted iron, and the majority of our sales are derived from blast furnace coke sales made under long-term, take-or-pay agreements. We also sell coke produced utilizing capacity in excess of that reserved for our long-term, take-or-pay agreements to customers in both the export and North American domestic coke markets seeking high-quality product for their blast furnaces. We have designed, developed and built, and we currently own and operate, cokemaking facilities in the United States U.S. with collective nameplate capacity to produce approximately million tons of blast furnace coke per year. Additionally, we designed and currently operate cokemaking facility in Brazil under licensing and operating agreements on behalf of ArcelorMittal Brasil S.A. ArcelorMittal Brazil ), which has approximately million tons of annual cokemaking capacity. Our cokemaking ovens utilize efficient, modern heat recovery technology designed to combust the coal s volatile components liberated during the cokemaking process and use the resulting heat to create steam or electricity for sale. 
 We also own and operate a logistics business that provides export and domestic material handling and/or mixing services to steel, coke (including some of our domestic cokemaking facilities), electric utility, coal producing and other manufacturing based customers. Our logistics terminals, which are strategically located to reach Gulf Coast, East Coast, Great Lakes and international ports, have the collective capacity to mix and/or transload more than million tons of coal and other aggregates annually and have storage capacity of approximately million tons. 
 
 Coke Materials, supplies and other Total inventories 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and other intangibles detailed in the table below, excluding fully amortized intangible assets. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted - Average Remaining Amortization Years Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net (Dollars in millions) Customer relationships Permits Other Total 
 Total amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 Income taxes recorded for all periods presented reflect discrete items recorded. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded a federal return to provision tax benefit of million. Additionally, the Company released valuation allowances established on certain foreign tax credits FTCs carryforward from prior periods during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of projected utilization of the FTCs of million. Income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflects the release of a valuation allowance established on the deferred tax assets attributable to existing state net operating losses carryforwards, NOLs resulting in a deferred tax benefit of million. The release was a result of tax planning conducted by the Company, as the state NOLs carried forward from prior years are now expected to be utilized. Income tax expense also reflects the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities due to changes in apportioned state tax rates, which resulted in income tax expense of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company established an million valuation allowance, which was a portion of an million valuation allowance that was released during the third quarter of 2022 on deferred tax assets attributable to existing foreign tax credit carryforwards. The establishment of the valuation allowance during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was the result of changes in tax regulation. 
 Before the impact of discrete items described above, the Company's effective tax rate was percent and percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and percent and percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The difference between the Company's effective tax rates and federal statutory rate of 21.0 percent during all periods presented reflect the impact of state taxes, earnings attributable to its noncontrolling ownership interests in a partnership and compensation deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 also reflects the impact of a valuation allowance established for a portion of FTCs projected for the current period as a result of tax legislation enacted in Brazil during the third quarter of 2023 as well as a valuation allowance released for a portion of state NOLs utilization projected for the current period as a result of tax planning. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 also reflects the impact of foreign taxes as a result of regulations impacting foreign tax credit utilization published by the U.S. Treasury. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Current portion of postretirement benefit obligation Other taxes payable Current portion of black lung liability Lease liabilities Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 percent senior notes, due 2029 2029 Senior Notes 
 revolving credit facility, due 2026 Revolving Facility 
 Total borrowings Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt 
 Revolving Facility 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Revolving Facility had outstanding balance, leaving million available. Additionally, the Company has certain letters of credit totaling million, which do not reduce the Revolving Facility's available balance. 
 Covenants 
 Under the terms of the Revolving Facility, the Company is subject to a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of :1.00 and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of :1.00. The Company's debt agreements contain other covenants and events of default that are customary for similar agreements and may limit our ability to take various actions including our ability to pay a dividend or repurchase our stock. 
 If we fail to perform our obligations under these and other covenants, the lenders' credit commitment could be terminated and any outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, under the Revolving Facility could be declared immediately due and payable. The Company has a cross default provision that applies to our indebtedness having a principal amount in excess of million. 

million. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million. On February 21, 2020, DCMWC made an initial security determination to increase the amount of SunCoke s collateral requirement for self-insured claims to million. The Company appealed the security determination to the DCMWC. On August 13, 2024, the Company and DCMWC agreed that the Company would make a lump sum payment of million to satisfy its self-insured federal black lung liabilities, with limited exceptions estimated to be approximately million. In exchange, the DCMWC agreed to permanently assume responsibility for payment of black lung benefits for claims based on employment that ended prior to February 1, 2013, and SunCoke received a Certificate of Exemption that eliminates the Company s responsibility for future payments arising from claims based on employment that ended prior to February 1, 2013, excluding limited exceptions estimated to be approximately million. This agreement resulted in a reduction of million of the Company's black lung liability, and a one-time gain of million within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company no longer maintains any collateral to self-insure its former black lung liabilities incurred prior to February 1, 2013. The Company s commercially insured federal and state black lung liabilities are not impacted by this agreement. 
 Additionally, on January 19, 2023, the Department of Labor proposed a new rule that would require self-insured operators to post collateral in the amount of 120 percent of the company's total expected lifetime black lung liabilities as determined by the DCMWC. This proposed new rule and any future rulings would not apply to SunCoke. 
 Active claims Total black lung liability, discounted (2) 
 Total black lung liability, undiscounted 
 (1) The discount rate is determined based on a portfolio of high-quality corporate bonds with maturities that are consistent with the estimated duration of our black lung obligations. A decrease of basis points in the discount rate would have increased black lung expense by million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 (2) The current portion of the black lung liability was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, and is included in accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029-Thereafter Total 
 Impact of discounting ) ) Black lung liability, discounted 
 The following table summarizes the annual black lung payments and (benefit) expense: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Payments (1) 
 (Benefit) expense (2) 
 ) 
 (1) Payments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 represent million of black lung benefit payments made by the Company and the million payment made to the DCMWC related to the regulatory exemption detailed above. 
 million of accretion expense of the black lung liability and a million gain related to the regulatory exemption detailed above. The million gain is included in selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 restricted stock units RSU to certain employees and members of the Board of Directors, to be settled in shares of the Company s common stock. The weighted average grant date fair value was per unit, and was based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. RSUs granted to employees vest and become issuable in annual installments beginning from the date of grant. The service period for certain retiree eligible participants is accelerated. RSUs granted to the Company's Board of Directors vest upon grant, but are paid out upon termination of board service. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

(1) Performance measures for the PSU awards are split /50 between the Company's cumulative Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements with the exception of the corporate/other expenses adjustment) and the Company's average pre-tax return on capital for its coke and logistics businesses and unallocated corporate expenses. 
 total shareholder return TSR as compared to the TSR of the companies making up the Nasdaq Iron Steel Index TSR Modifier ). The TSR Modifier can impact the payout between percent and percent of the Company's final performance measure results. 
 Each PSU award may vest between percent and percent of the original units granted. The fair value of the PSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant as well as a Monte Carlo simulation for the valuation of the TSR Modifier. 
 Liability Classified Awards 
 Restricted Stock Units Settled in Cash 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued restricted stock units to certain employees to be settled in cash Cash RSU ), which vest and become payable in annual installments beginning from the grant date. The weighted average grant date fair value of the Cash RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was per unit, based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 The Cash RSUs liability is adjusted based on the closing price of our common stock at the end of each quarterly period and was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 Cash Incentive Awards 
 The Company also granted long-term cash compensation to eligible participants under the Omnibus Plan. All awards vest immediately upon a qualifying termination of employment, as defined by the Omnibus Plan, following a change in control. The cash incentive award liability is included in accrued liabilities and other deferred credits and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company issued awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, for which the service period will end on December 31, 2026 and will vest and become payable during the first quarter of 2027. The service period for certain retiree eligible participants is accelerated. The performance measures for these awards are split /50 between the Company's cumulative Adjusted EBITDA and the Company's average pre-tax return on capital for its coke and logistics businesses and unallocated corporate expenses. 
 The cash incentive award liability at September 30, 2024 was adjusted based on the Company's cumulative Adjusted EBITDA and the Company's three-year adjusted average pre-tax return on capital for its coke and logistics businesses and unallocated corporate expenses. The cash incentive award liability was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 PSUs Total equity awards Liability Awards: Cash RSUs Cash incentive award Total liability awards 
 (1) Compensation expense recognized by the Company is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The Company issued an additional million and million of share based compensation to the Company's Board of Directors during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Add: Effect of dilutive share-based compensation awards 
 Weighted-average number of shares-diluted 
 
 Performance share units Total 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, compared to a carrying am ount of million at both periods. The fair value was estimated by management based upon estimates of debt pricing provided by financial institutions, which are considered Level 2 inputs. 
 
 million tons of unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations, which are expected to be delivered over a weighted average remaining contract term of approximately . 
 While the revenues in our Domestic Coke segment are primarily tied to blast furnace coke sales made under long-term, take-or-pay agreements, we also produce and sell foundry coke out of our Jewell cokemaking facility. Foundry coke sales are generally made under annual agreements with our customers for an agreed upon price and do not contain take-or-pay volume commitments. 
 Non-contracted blast coke sales are produced utilizing capacity in excess of our long-term, take-or-pay agreements and foundry coke. These non-contracted blast coke sales are generally sold on a spot basis at the current market price into the global export and North American coke markets, and do not contain the same provisions as our long-term, take-or-pay agreements. 
 Revenues on all coke sales are recognized when performance obligations to our customers are satisfied in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for the coke. 
 Logistics 
 In our logistics business, handling and/or mixing services are provided to steel, coke (including some of our domestic cokemaking facilities), electric utility, coal producing and other manufacturing based customers. Materials are transported in numerous ways, including rail, truck, barge or ship. We do not take possession of materials handled, but rather act as intermediaries between our customers and end users, deriving our revenues from services provided on a per ton basis. The handling and mixing services consist primarily of performance obligations, unloading and loading of materials. Revenues 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million from all of our multi-year logistics contracts is expected to be recognized over t he next fo r unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations as of September 30, 2024. 
 Disaggregated Sales and Other Operating Revenue 
 Energy Logistics Operating and licensing fees Other Sales and other operating revenue 
 The following tables provide disaggregated sales and other operating revenue by customer: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Sales and other operating revenue: Cliffs Steel U.S. Steel Other Sales and other operating revenue 
 
 reportable segments: Domestic Coke, Brazil Coke and Logistics. The Domestic Coke segment includes the Jewell, Indiana Harbor, Haverhill, Granite City and Middletown cokemaking facilities. Each of these facilities produces coke, and all facilities except Jewell recover waste heat, which is converted to steam or electricity. 
 The Brazil Coke segment includes the licensing and operating fees payable to us under long-term contracts with ArcelorMittal Brazil, under which we operate a cokemaking facility located in Vit ria, Brazil through January 2028. 
 Logistics operations are comprised of Convent Marine Terminal CMT ), Kanawha River Terminal KRT ), and Lake Terminal, which provides services to our Indiana Harbor cokemaking facility. Handling and mixing results are presented in the Logistics segment. 
 Corporate expenses that can be identified with a segment have been included in determining segment results. The remainder is included in Corporate and Other, which is not a reportable segment, but which also includes activity from our legacy coal mining business. 
 Segment assets are those assets utilized within a specific segment. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil Coke Logistics Logistics intersegment sales Elimination of intersegment sales ) ) ) ) Total sales and other operating revenues Adjusted EBITDA reportable segments: Domestic Coke Brazil Coke Logistics Total Adjusted EBITDA reportable segments Depreciation and amortization expense: Domestic Coke Brazil Coke Logistics Total reportable segments Corporate and Other Total depreciation and amortization expense Capital expenditures: Domestic Coke Brazil Coke Logistics Total reportable segments Corporate and Other Total capital expenditures 
 The following table sets forth the Company's segment assets: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Segment assets: Domestic Coke Brazil Coke Logistics Total reportable segments Corporate and Other Total assets, excluding tax assets Tax assets Total assets 
 The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based on Adjusted EBITDA reportable segments, which is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted for any impairments, restructuring costs, gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, transaction costs, and/or corporate/other expenses Adjusted EBITDA reportable 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Add: Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense, net Income tax expense Transaction costs (1) 
 Corporate and Other ) Adjusted EBITDA reportable segments 
 (1) Costs incurred as part of the granulated pig iron project with U.S. Steel. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and industry that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expected future developments, expectations and intentions, and they involve known and unknown risks that are difficult to predict. As a result, our future results and financial condition may differ materially from those we currently anticipate as a result of the factors we describe in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and as updated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and other quarterly and current reports, which are on file with the SEC and are available at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). Additionally, please see our Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements located elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is based on financial data derived from the financial statements prepared in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and certain other financial data that is prepared using a non-GAAP measure. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measure to its most comparable GAAP component, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this Item 2. 
 Our MD A is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 Overview 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. SunCoke Energy, SunCoke, Company, we, our and us is the largest independent producer of high-quality coke in the Americas, as measured by tons of coke produced each year, and has more than 60 years of coke production experience. Coke is produced by heating metallurgical coal in a refractory oven, which releases certain volatile components from the coal, thus transforming the coal into coke. Our coke is primarily used as a principal raw material in the blast furnace steelmaking process as well as in the foundry production of casted iron, and the majority of our sales are derived from blast furnace coke sales made under long-term, take-or-pay agreements. We also sell coke produced utilizing capacity in excess of that reserved for our long-term, take-or-pay agreements to customers in both the export and North American domestic coke markets seeking high-quality product for their blast furnaces. We have designed, developed and built, and we currently own and operate, five cokemaking facilities in the United States U.S. with collective nameplate capacity to produce approximately 4.2 million tons of blast furnace coke per year. Additionally, we designed and currently operate one cokemaking facility in Brazil under licensing and operating agreements on behalf of ArcelorMittal Brasil S.A. ArcelorMittal Brazil ), which has approximately 1.7 million tons of annual cokemaking capacity. Our cokemaking ovens utilize efficient, modern heat recovery technology designed to combust the coal s volatile components liberated during the cokemaking process and use the resulting heat to create steam or electricity for sale. 
 We also own and operate a logistics business that provides export and domestic material handling and/or mixing services to steel, coke (including some of our domestic cokemaking facilities), electric utility, coal producing and other manufacturing based customers. Our logistics terminals, which are strategically located to reach Gulf Coast, East Coast, Great Lakes and international ports, have the collective capacity to mix and/or transload more than 40 million tons of coal and other aggregates annually and has storage capacity of approximately 3 million tons. 
 Market Discussion 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our domestic coke plants continued to operate at full capacity. Our long-term, take-or-pay Domestic Coke sales agreements, which largely consume our capacity, are not impacted by the fluctuations of global coke prices. Non-contracted blast coke, which is produced utilizing capacity in excess of that reserved for long-term, take-or-pay Domestic Coke sales agreements, is sold in the global market and can be impacted by fluctuations of global coke prices. 
 Our Convent Marine Terminal CMT serves certain customers impacted by seaborne export market dynamics. Volumes through CMT are impacted by fluctuations in global energy needs and benchmark pricing for coal delivery into Europe, which can be impacted by weather conditions, natural gas prices, and global thermal coal supply. Our Kanawha River Terminal KRT serves two primary domestic markets, metallurgical coal trade and thermal coal trade. Metallurgical markets are primarily impacted by steel prices and blast furnace operating levels whereas thermal markets are impacted by natural gas prices and electricity demand. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Third Quarter Key Financial Results 
 Our consolidated results of operations were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net income 33.3 8.5 24.8 77.7 48.2 29.5 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 107.2 93.7 13.5 107.9 192.6 (84.7) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 75.3 65.4 9.9 206.7 206.5 0.2 
 (1) See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for both the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and the reconciliation from GAAP to the non-GAAP measurement. 
 Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect higher transloading volumes and pricing in our Logistics segment, as well as the extinguishment of certain black lung liabilities during the current year period, which resulted in the recognition of a 9.5 million pre-tax gain. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable coal-to-coke yields on our long-term, take-or-pay agreements within our Domestic Coke segment. See detailed analysis of the quarter's results throughout this MD A. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Granite City Contract Extension. In October 2024, the Granite City long-term, take-or-pay agreement with United States Steel Corporation U.S. Steel was extended through June 30, 2025, with an option for U.S. Steel to extend for an additional six months. Under the terms of the agreement, Granite City will supply 295 thousand tons of coke to U.S. Steel during the initial six month term. The terms of the extension includes a turn down fee, but results in significantly lower overall economics compared to the current long-term, take-or-pay agreement. Other key provisions of the agreement, including the pass-through of coal costs, remain unchanged. 
 
 Items Impacting Comparability 
 U.S. Department of Labor s Division of Coal Mine Workers Compensation DCMWC Regulatory Exemption . In August 2024, the Company reached an agreement with the DCMWC and made a payment of 36.0 million to extinguish the majority of its self-insured federal black lung liabilities. As a result of the agreement, the Company recognized a 9.5 million pre-tax gain within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The agreement resulted in a reduction of 45.5 million of the Company's black lung liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth amounts from the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) Revenues Sales and other operating revenue 490.1 520.4 (30.3) 1,449.4 1,542.6 (93.2) Costs and operating expenses Cost of products sold and operating expenses 
 405.2 436.1 (30.9) 1,197.1 1,281.2 (84.1) Selling, general and administrative expenses 9.6 19.1 (9.5) 45.8 55.3 (9.5) Depreciation and amortization expense 28.1 35.5 (7.4) 90.1 107.2 (17.1) Total costs and operating expenses 442.9 490.7 (47.8) 1,333.0 1,443.7 (110.7) Operating income 47.2 29.7 17.5 116.4 98.9 17.5 Interest expense, net 5.7 6.6 (0.9) 17.8 21.0 (3.2) Income before income tax expense 41.5 23.1 18.4 98.6 77.9 20.7 Income tax expense 8.2 14.6 (6.4) 20.9 29.7 (8.8) Net income 33.3 8.5 24.8 77.7 48.2 29.5 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2.6 1.5 1.1 5.5 4.5 1.0 Net income attributable to SunCoke Energy, Inc. 30.7 7.0 23.7 72.2 43.7 28.5 
 Sales and Other Operating Revenue and Costs of Products Sold and Operating Expenses . Sales and other operating revenue and costs of products sold and operating expenses decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same prior year periods, primarily driven by the pass-through of lower coal prices on our long-term, take-or-pay agreements. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. S elling, general and administrative expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily impacted by the recognition of a 9.5 million gain, which was the result of the extinguishment of certain liabilities related to our legacy coal mining business. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense. Depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased as a result of the expiration of the useful lives of assets in our Domestic Coke segment placed into service in prior periods. 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net, benefited during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 from lower average debt balances in the current year periods and higher interest income of 0.8 million and 2.0 million, respectively, as compared to the same prior year periods. 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, benefited from the absence of 8.5 million of deferred tax expense recorded in the prior year related to the establishment of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets attributable to existing foreign tax credit carryforwards, as a result of changes in tax regulations. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30, 2024 further benefited from the release of valuation allowances established on deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards, partially offset by the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities due to changes in apportioned state tax rates. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 Noncontrolling Interest. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents a 14.8 percent third-party interest in our Indiana Harbor cokemaking facility and fluctuates with the financial performance of that facility. 
 
 Results of Re portable Business Segments 
 We report our business results through three reportable segments: 
 Domestic Coke consists of our Jewell facility, located in Vansant, Virginia, our Indiana Harbor facility, located in East Chicago, Indiana, our Haverhill facility, located in Franklin Furnace, Ohio, our Granite City facility located in Granite City, Illinois, and our Middletown facility located in Middletown, Ohio. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil Coke consists of operations in Vit ria, Brazil, where we operate the ArcelorMittal Brazil cokemaking facility. 
 Logistics consists of CMT, located in Convent, Louisiana, KRT, located in Ceredo and Belle, West Virginia, and Lake Terminal, located in East Chicago, Indiana. Lake Terminal is located adjacent to our Indiana Harbor cokemaking facility. 
 Corporate expenses that can be identified with a segment have been included in determining segment results. The remainder is included in Corporate and Other, including activity from our legacy coal mining business, which is not considered a reportable segment and therefore, not included in our segment information in Note 12. However, we have included Corporate and Other within our operating data below. 
 Management believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of operating performance, which is used by the chief operating decision maker as one of the measurements to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable segments. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for the reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for both the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and the reconciliation from GAAP to the non-GAAP measurement. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Financial and Operating Data 
 The following tables set forth financial and operating data by segment: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) Sales and Other Operating Revenues: Domestic Coke 459.9 495.7 (35.8) 1,361.0 1,460.4 (99.4) Brazil Coke 8.8 9.1 (0.3) 26.2 25.8 0.4 Logistics 21.4 15.6 5.8 62.2 56.4 5.8 Logistics intersegment sales 6.0 5.6 0.4 17.8 16.9 0.9 Elimination of intersegment sales (6.0) (5.6) (0.4) (17.8) (16.9) (0.9) Total sales and other operating revenues 490.1 520.4 (30.3) 1,449.4 1,542.6 (93.2) Adjusted EBITDA: Domestic Coke 58.1 64.0 (5.9) 177.4 192.6 (15.2) Brazil Coke 2.5 2.2 0.3 7.4 6.9 0.5 Logistics 13.7 8.4 5.3 38.9 33.6 5.3 Corporate and Other, net (1) 
 1.0 (9.2) 10.2 (17.0) (26.6) 9.6 Total Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 75.3 65.4 9.9 206.7 206.5 0.2 Coke Operating Data: Domestic Coke capacity utilization (3) 
 102 102 100 101 (1) Domestic Coke production volumes (thousands of tons) 
 1,031 1,032 (1) 3,009 3,024 (15) Domestic Coke sales volumes (thousands of tons) 
 1,027 1,016 11 2,996 3,009 (13) Domestic Coke Adjusted EBITDA per ton (4) 
 56.57 62.99 (6.42) 59.21 64.01 (4.80) Brazilian Coke production operated facility (thousands of tons) 
 423 381 42 1,191 1,175 16 Logistics Operating Data: Tons handled (thousands of tons) 
 5,843 4,961 882 17,277 15,461 1,816 
 (1) Corporate and Other, net is not a reportable segment. 
 (2) See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for both the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and the reconciliation from GAAP to the non-GAAP measurement. 
 (3) The production of foundry coke tons does not replace blast furnace coke tons on a ton for ton basis, as foundry coke requires longer coking time. The Domestic Coke capacity utilization is calculated assuming a single ton of foundry coke replaces approximately two tons of blast furnace coke. 
 (4) Reflects Domestic Coke Adjusted EBITDA divided by Domestic Coke sales volumes. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Segment Results 
 Domestic Coke 
 The following table sets forth year-over-year changes in the Domestic Coke segment's sales and other operating revenues and Adjusted EBITDA resu lts: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Sales and other operating revenue Adjusted EBITDA Sales and other operating revenue Adjusted EBITDA (Dollars in millions) Prior year period 495.7 64.0 1,460.4 192.6 Volume (1) 
 6.5 1.7 (3.4) (0.1) Price (2) 
 (41.4) (6.8) (92.7) (9.2) Operating and maintenance costs (3) 
 N/A 0.9 N/A (1.9) Energy and other (4) 
 (0.9) (1.7) (3.3) (4.0) Current year period 459.9 58.1 1,361.0 177.4 
 (1) Volumes during the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased due to the timing of shipments of our blast coke sales. Volumes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by lower coal-to-coke yields. 
 (2) Sales and other operating revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased primarily as a result of the pass-through of lower coal prices on our long-term, take-or-pay agreements. Adjusted EBITDA during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was negatively impacted by lower coal-to-coke yields on our long-term, take-or-pay agreements and lower sales pricing on our non-contracted blast coke sales, which was partially offset by the impact of lower coal prices on our non-contracted blast coke sales. 
 (3) Operating and maintenance costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased as a result of the absence of oven rebuilds in the current year. Decreases to operating and maintenance costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year period were more than offset by increases resulting from timing of planned maintenance outages. 
 (4) Energy and other during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased primarily due to unfavorable energy pricing. These decreases were partially offset by higher energy sales as a result of timing of planned maintenance outages in the prior year period. 
 Logistics 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, sales and other operating revenues, exclusive of intersegment sales, were 21.4 million and 62.2 million, respectively, compared to 15.6 million and 56.4 million, respectively, in the corresponding prior year periods. Adjusted EBITDA during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.7 million and 38.9 million, respectively, compared to 8.4 million and 33.6 million, respectively, in the corresponding prior yea r periods. Logistics results during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same prior year periods reflect higher transloading volumes and pricing. 
 Brazil 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, sales and other operating revenue were 8.8 million and 26.2 million, respectively, which was reasonably consistent with 9.1 million and 25.8 million, respectively, in the corresponding prior year periods. Adjusted EBITDA during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.5 million and 7.4 million, respectively, which was reasonably consistent with 2.2 million and 6.9 million , respectively, in the corresponding prior year periods. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Corporate and Other Adjusted EBITDA represented income of 1.0 million and a loss of 17.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a loss of 9.2 million and 26.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 benefited from the recognition of a 9.5 million gain, which was the result of the extinguishment of certain liabilities related to our legacy coal mining business. See Note 7 to our consolidating financial statements for further detail. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to the GAAP results provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have provided a non-GAAP financial measure, Adjusted EBITDA. Our management, as well as certain investors, use this non-GAAP measure to analyze our current and expected future financial performance. This measure is not in accordance with, or a substitute for, GAAP and may be different from, or inconsistent with, non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
 The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based on segment Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), adjusted for any impairments, restructuring costs, gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, and/or transaction costs Adjusted EBITDA ). EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent and should not be considered alternatives to net income or operating income under GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures in other businesses. 
 Management believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure in assessing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors because it highlights trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on GAAP measures and because it eliminates items that have less bearing on our operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and they should not be considered a substitute for net income, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Below is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net income 33.3 8.5 77.7 48.2 Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 28.1 35.5 90.1 107.2 Interest expense, net 5.7 6.6 17.8 21.0 Income tax expense 8.2 14.6 20.9 29.7 Transaction costs (1) 
 0.2 0.2 0.4 Adjusted EBITDA 75.3 65.4 206.7 206.5 
 (1) Costs incurred as part of the granulated pig iron project with U.S. Steel. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to fund working capital and investments, service our debt, maintain cash reserves and replace partially or fully depreciated assets and other capital expenditures. Our sources of liquidity include cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility Revolving Facility and, from time to time, debt and equity offerings. We believe our current resources are sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for our current business for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024, we had 164.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and 350.0 million of borrowing availability under our Revolving Facility. 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase additional amounts of our outstanding equity and/or debt securities through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. Refer to Part II Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 On February 1, 2013, SunCoke obtained commercial insurance for state and federal black lung claims, in excess of a deductible, for employees with a last date of employment after that date. For claims based on employment that ended prior to February 1, 2013, SunCoke was reauthorized by the U.S. Department of Labor s Division of Coal Mine Workers Compensation DCMWC to self-insure its black lung liabilities for 8.4 million. On February 21, 2020, DCMWC made an initial security determination to increase the amount of SunCoke s collateral requirement for self-insured claims to 40.4 million. The Company appealed the security determination to the DCMWC. On August 13, 2024, the Company and DCMWC agreed that the Company would make a lump sum payment of 36.0 million to satisfy its self-insured federal black lung liabilities, with 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 limited exceptions estimated to be approximately 1.4 million. In exchange, the DCMWC agreed to permanently assume responsibility for payment of black lung benefits for claims based on employment that ended prior to February 1, 2013, and SunCoke received a Certificate of Exemption that eliminates the Company s responsibility for future payments arising from claims based on employment that ended prior to February 1, 2013, excluding limited exceptions estimated to be approximately 1.4 million. As a result of the agreement, the Company no longer maintains any collateral to self-insure its former black lung liabilities incurred prior to February 1, 2013. Additionally, on January 19, 2023, the Department of Labor proposed a new rule that would require self-insured operators to post collateral in the amount of 120 percent of the company's total expected lifetime black lung liabilities as determined by the DCMWC. If finalized, the new rule would not apply to SunCoke. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 107.9 192.6 Net cash used in investing activities (47.6) (85.4) Net cash used in financing activities (35.7) (71.3) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 24.6 35.9 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 84.7 million to 107.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding prior year period. The decrease primarily reflects an unfavorable year-over-year change in primary working capital, which is comprised of accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable, driven by the timing of coal purchases and the impact of changes in coal prices. A payment of 36.0 million related to the extinguishment of certain liabilities related to our legacy coal mining business further impacted net cash provided by operating activities in the current year period. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 37.8 million to 47.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 20 24 as compared to the corresponding prior year period . The decrease was primarily driven by the absence of capital spending in connection with both an oven rebuild project and the foundry expansion project in the current year period. Additionally, the timing of payments related to ongoing capital expenditures further contributed to the decrease in the current year as compared to the same prior year period. Refer to Capital Requirements and Expenditures below for further detail. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 35.6 million to 35.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding prior year period . The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by lower net repayments of 35.0 million on the Revolving Facility, lower cash distributions made to noncontrolling interests of 3.7 million as well as the absence of repayments on financing obligations of 2.5 million in the current year period. These decreases were partially offset by an increase to dividends paid of 5.2 million as compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of an increase in the dividend per share amount. 
 Dividends 
 On July 31, 2024, SunCoke's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.12 per share of the Company's common stock. This dividend was paid on September 3, 2024, to stockholders of record on August 15, 2024. 
 Additionally, on October 31, 2024, SunCoke's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.12 per share of the Company's common stock. This dividend will be paid on December 2, 2024, to stockholders of record on November 15, 2024. 
 Covenants 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable debt covenants. We do not anticipate a violation of these covenants nor do we anticipate that any of these covenants will restrict our operations or our ability to obtain additional financing. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for details on debt covenants. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Rating 
 In February 2024, S P Global Ratings reaffirmed our corporate credit rating of BB- (stable). In October 2024, Moody s Investors Service reaffirmed our corporate credit rating of B1 and changed the rating outlook from positive to stable. 
 
 Capital Requirements and Expenditures 
 Our operations are capital intensive, requiring significant investment to upgrade or enhance existing operations and to meet environmental and operational regulations. The level of future capital expenditures will depend on various factors, including market conditions, regulatory requirements and customer requirements, and may differ from current or anticipated levels. Material changes in capital expenditure levels may impact financial results, including but not limited to the amount of depreciation, interest expense and repair and maintenance expense. 
 Our capital requirements have consisted, and are expected to consist, primarily of: 
 Ongoing capital expenditures required to maintain equipment reliability, the integrity and safety of our coke ovens and steam generators and to comply with environmental regulations. Ongoing capital expenditures are made to replace partially or fully depreciated assets in order to maintain the existing operating capacity of the assets and/or to extend their useful lives and also include new equipment that improves the efficiency, reliability or effectiveness of existing assets. Ongoing capital expenditures do not include normal repairs and maintenance expenses, which are expensed as incurred; 
 Expansion capital expenditures to acquire and/or construct complementary assets to grow our business and to expand existing facilities as well as capital expenditures made to grow our business through new markets or enable the renewal of a coke sales agreement and/or logistics service agreement and on which we expect to earn a reasonable return; and 
 Environmental project expenditures required to implement design changes to ensure that our existing facilities operate in accordance with existing environmental permits or changing regulations. 
 The following table summarizes our capital expenditures: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) Ongoing capital 44.1 73.2 Expansion capital 4.0 11.3 Total capital expenditures (1) 
 48.1 84.5 
 (1) Reflects actual cash payments during the periods presented for our capital requirements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 There have been no significant changes to our accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a summary of these policies. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 There have been no new accounting standards material to the Company that have been adopted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes to the Company's exposure to market risk previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information presented in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Certain legal and administrative proceedings are pending or may be brought against us arising out of our current and past operations, including matters related to commercial disputes, employment claims, personal injury claims, common law tort claims, and general environmental claims. Although the ultimate outcome of these proceedings cannot be ascertained at this time, it is reasonably possible that some of them could be resolved unfavorably to us. Our management believes that any liabilities that may arise from such matters would not likely be material in relation to our business or our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes with respect to risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On October 28, 2019, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws, for a total aggregate cost to the Company not to exceed 100.0 million. There have been no share repurchases since the first quarter of 2020. As of September 30, 2024, 96.3 million remains available under the authorized repurchase program. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 While the Company divested substantially all of its remaining coal mining assets in April 2016, the Company remains responsible for reclamation of certain legacy coal mining locations that are subject to Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA regulatory purview and the Company continues to own certain logistics assets that are regulated by MSHA. The information concerning mine safety violations and other regulatory matters that we are required to report in accordance with Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.014) is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 6, 2011, File No. 333-173022) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SunCoke Energy, Inc., effective as of February 23, 2023 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2023, File No. 001-35243) 10.1 
 Amendment No. 4 to Coke Sale and Feed Water Processing Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2024, by and between Gateway Energy Coke Company , LLC and U.S. Steel Corporation 
 22.1 
 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 95.1 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 101 The following financial statements from SunCoke Energy, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2024, is formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from SunCoke Energy, Inc's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. Dated: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Mark W. Marinko Mark W. Marinko Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 30 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 sxcex10110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.1 

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. REDACTED INFORMATION IS INDICATED BY . 

Letter Agreement re 
 Extension and Amendment of U . S. Steel Gateway Energy & Coke Company 
 Coke Sale and Feed Water Processing Agreement - 

October 18, 2024 
 Gateway Energy & Coke Company, LLC, 
 c o SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 1011 Warrenville Road 
 Suite 600 
 Lisle , IL 60532 
 Attention Katherine Gates, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Re U . S. Steel Gateway Energy & Coke Company Coke Sale and Feed Water Processing Agreement - Extension and Amendment 
 Dear Ms. Gates 
 This letter amendment (this Amendment ), is entered into to amend that certain Coke Sale and Feed Water Processing Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2008, by and between Gateway Energy & Coke Company, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Gateway ), and United States Steel Corporation, a Delaware corporation U. S . Steel (as amended, restated , supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof, the Coke Sale Agreement ). Any capitalized terms used in this Amendment without definition shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Coke Sale Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, U. S. Steel and Gateway (collectively, the Parties and each individually, a Party desire to enter into an amendment to the Coke Sale Agreement to (i) extend the term of the Coke Sale Agreement for a period of six (6) months to June 30, 2025 (the 2025 Contract Period with a U. S. Steel option to extend for an additional six (6) months, (ii) reduce , during the 2025 Contract Period and, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period (as defined below), and subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, the volume of Coke To!1nage delivered by Gateway to U . S. Steel as set forth herein (the 2025 Coke Tonnage Reduction such that Gateway will produce and deliver approximately 295,000 Tons of Coke to U. S. Steel during the 2025 Contract Period and, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period (such amount, as may it be increased pursuant to Section 3 of this Amendment, the 2025 Coke Tonnage (iii) require U. S . Steel to pay a modified Coke Price, including a turn-down fee, for all of the 2025 Coke Tonnage as further described herein (iv) eliminate U. S. Steel's obligation to pay for all other Coke Price components during the 2025 Contract Period and, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period as further described herein (v) reduce the Minimum Steam Supply Obligation of the Coke Sale Agreement during the 2025 Contract Period and, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period as further described herein and (vi) require Gateway to provide certain information to U. S. Steel related to the production of the 2025 Coke Tonnage . 
 1 

NOW , THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged , the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Parties expressly agree that the recitals to this Amendment as set forth above are incorporated herein and made an operative part of this Amendment. 
 2. Extension of Coke Sale Agreement . The Parties hereby agree that , unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof, the Coke Sale Agreement is extended to June 30 , 2025. The Coke Sale Agreement shall expire on June 30, 2025 unless either (a) the Parties agree to extend the Coke Sale Agreement in a written amendment expressly extending the Coke Sale Agreement, signed by authorized representatives of each Party or (b) U. S. Steel provides written notice to Gateway of its intent to extend the Coke Sale Agreement for an additional period of six (6) months from July 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 (the Extended 2025 Contract Period , which such notice must be provided to Gateway by April 15, 2025. In the event U. S. Steel exercises the foregoing option to extend the Coke Sale Agreement, the Coke Sale Agreement shall be extended for the 2025 Extended Contract Period upon provision of such notice and the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall apply to the Extended 2025 Contract Period. 
 3. 2025 Coke Production . During each of the 2025 Contract Period and , if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.2 of , or elsewhere in , the Coke Sale Agreement, Gateway agrees to reduce the volume of Coke delivered to the Coke Delivery Point to achieve the 2025 Coke Tonnage Reduction and to deliver to U. S. Steel the 2025 Coke Tonnage provided that, if requested by U. S. Steel in writing provided to Gateway at least forty-eight (48) hours in advance, Gateway will use commercially reasonable efforts to increase coke oven charge weights to (a) satisfy the Mill ' s steam consumption needs or (b) otherwise increase the 2025 Coke Tonnage to include any additional Coke Tons as requested by U. S. Steel (each, a U. S. Steel Requested Charge Increase Event provided , further , that the 2025 Coke Tonnage shall be increased by an amount equal to the additional Tons of Coke arising from each such U. S. Steel Requested Charge Increase Event. The Coke Supply and Purchase Obligation for each of the 2025 Contract Period and , if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period shall be the 2025 Coke Tonnage , as it may be increased pursuant to the immediately foregoing sentence. 
 4. 2025 Coke Price . The total price per Ton of Coke for the 2025 Coke Tonnage shall be equal to the Coal Cost Component, plus a fixed price of per Ton of Coke, plus a turn-down fee of per Ton of Coke (the 2025 Coke Price provided that , (a) for Coke Tons delivered to U. S. Steel greater than 295,000 Tons of Coke during the 2025 Contract Period or , if applicable , the Extended 2025 Contract Period, as result of U. S. Steel Requested Charge Increase Events, the 2025 Coke Price shall not include the per Ton of Coke turn-down fee, and (b) for Coke Tons delivered to U . S. Steel greater than the 2025 Coke Tonnage (as increased by any U. S . Steel Requested Charge Increase Events) during the 2025 Contract Period or, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period, as a result of U. S. Steel providing prior written consent to purchase any Coke produced by Gateway in excess of the 2025 Coke Tonnage (as increased by any U. S. Steel Requested Charge Increase Events), which such consent shall be provided or withheld in U. S. Steel's sole discretion , the 2025 Coke Price shall not include the per Ton of Coke turn-down fee or the fixed price (i . e., the 2025 Coke Price ). 
 2 

5. Elimination of Coke Price Components . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Coke Sale Agreement , including Article II thereof, the only amount owed by U. S. Steel for the 2025 Coke Tonnage pursuant to Section 3.1 of the Coke Sale Agreement shall be the 2025 Coke Price (as defined above). For purposes of the 2025 Contract Period and , if applicable , the Extended 2025 Contract Period, the Coke Price shall be the 2025 Coke Price. All other price components and other expenses set forth in Section 3.1 of the Coke Sale Agreement , including without limitation, shall not apply to the 2025 Coke Tonnage during the 2025 Contract Period and , if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period . For avoidance of doubt, Sections 3.2 (Monthly Feedwater Processing Fee) and 3.3 (Pass-Through Expenses) and Section 3.4 (Taxes) of the Coke Sale Agreement shall continue without amendment. All invoicing shall take into account these amendments and any invoices shall be issued in accordance with the pricing set forth herein. 
 6. 2025 Minimum Steam Supply Obligation Reduction . During the 2025 Contract Period and, if applicable, the Extended 2025 Contract Period and notwithstanding Section 6.9(b) of the Coke Sale Agreement, the Minimum Steam Supply Obligation shall be defined as lbs hr of Conforming Steam at or above degrees Fahrenheit on an instance (continuous) basis. In the event of a U . S . Steel Requested Charge Increase Event, the Parties will mutually determine, acting in good faith, a commensurate increase in the temperature of the Conforming Steam during the duration of the U. S . Steel Requested Charge Increase Event, provided, that if a U. S. Steel Requested Charge Increase Event results in increased tonnage equal to the amount required under the Agreement prior to the 2025 Contract Period , the temperature requirement for Conforming Steam will automatically revert to . 
 7. Information Industry Practices . Gateway and U. S. Steel agree to work in good faith to increase transparency of the total delivered cost of coal and the coke sampling and analysis procedures. In addition to any other rights set forth in the Agreement, U . S . Steel shall have the right to visit the Plant at any time, with reasonable notice to enable appropriate safety training and escort , to inspect the Coke sample collection and laboratory analysis procedures being utilized by Gateway or its subcontractor. Gateway shall notify U . S . Steel in writing within twelve (12) hours of any disruption, error, or other issue or concern with or to any of the following operations procedures coal blending change in charge weights soak time carbonization changes to screening operations scale or blast furnace Coke sampling. Gateway will use commercially reasonable efforts to fix any issue as soon as practicable. Gateway agrees to instruct and cause the governing laboratory to not crush the Coke sample prior to Coke moisture testing. 
 8. Miscellaneous . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER THE CONSTRUCTION OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS AMENDMENT TO THE LAWS OF ANOTHER STATE. EACH PARTY HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA AND TO VENUE IN PITTSBURGH , PENNSYLVANIA. 
 3 

Except as expressly modified hereby, all terms and conditions of the Coke Sale Agreement (as amended to date) remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms of the Coke Sale Agreement (as amended to date) and this Amendment, this Amendment shall control. On and after the Amendment Effective Date Each reference to the Coke Sale Agreement in any document created by any of the Parties hereto shall be deemed to be a reference to the Coke Sale Agreement as amended to date and as further amended by this Amendment and the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Coke Sale Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Coke Sale Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 This Amendment, together with the Coke Sale Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. This Amendment may not be amended or modified except by written instrument signed by all of the Parties hereto. 
 The Parties hereby stipulate and agree that each of them fully participated and was adequately represented by counsel in the negotiation and preparation of this Amendment and the Parties further stipulate and agree that in the event of any ambiguity or other necessity for the interpretation to be made of the context of this Amendment, this Amendment shall not be construed in favor of or against U. S. Steel or Gateway as a consequence of one Party having had a greater role in the preparation of this Amendment, but shall be construed as if the language were mutually drafted by both Parties with full assistance of counsel. 
 The captions and headings in this Amendment are for convenience of reference purposes only and have no legal force or effect. Such captions and headings shall not be considered a part of this Amendment for purposes of interpreting, construing or applying this Amendment and will not define, limit, extend, explain or describe the scope or extent of this Amendment or any of its terms and conditions. 
 This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts (including by electronic transmission) , each of which shall constitute an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 4 

If the terms and provisions of this Amendment are acceptable , please indicate your agreement thereto by signing in the space provided below. 
 UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 

By s FRANK R. KOZLEUCHAR, JR. 
 Name Frank R. Kozleuchar, Jr. 
 Title Senior Director Raw Materials 

ACCEPTED & AGREED 
 
 GATEWAY ENERGY & COKE COMPANY, LLC 
 
 By s MIKE HARDESTY 
 Name Mike Hardesty 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 5 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-22.1>
 3
 sxcex22110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 If a series of registered debt securities issued by SunCoke Energy, Inc. is guaranteed, such series will be guaranteed by one or more of the subsidiaries listed below. 
 Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Designation SunCoke Energy, Inc. Delaware Issuer Ceredo Liquid Terminal LLC Delaware Guarantor CMT Liquids Terminal LLC Delaware Guarantor Dismal River Terminal LLC Delaware Guarantor Elk River Minerals Corporation Delaware Guarantor FF Farm Holdings LLC Delaware Guarantor Gateway Energy & Coke Company LLC Delaware Guarantor Haverhill Coke Company LLC Delaware Guarantor Indiana Harbor Coke Company Delaware Guarantor Indiana Harbor Coke Corporation Indiana Guarantor Jewell Coal & Coke Company, Inc. Virginia Guarantor Jewell Coke Acquisition Company Virginia Guarantor Jewell Coke Company, L.P. Delaware Guarantor Jewell Resources Corporation Virginia Guarantor Kanawha River Terminals, LLC Delaware Guarantor Marigold Dock, Inc. Delaware Guarantor Middletown Coke Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor Raven Energy, LLC Delaware Guarantor Sun Coal & Coke LLC Delaware Guarantor SunCoke Energy South Shore LLC Delaware Guarantor SunCoke Lake Terminal LLC Delaware Guarantor SunCoke Logistics LLC Delaware Guarantor SunCoke Technology and Development LLC Delaware Guarantor 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sxcex31110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Katherine T. Gates, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of SunCoke Energy, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Katherine T. Gates 
 Katherine T. Gates 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sxcex31210-q2024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark W. Marinko, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of SunCoke Energy, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Mark W. Marinko 
 Mark W. Marinko 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 sxcex32110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF 
 SUNCOKE ENERGY, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SunCoke Energy, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 , I, Katherine T. Gates, President and Chief Executive Officer of SunCoke Energy, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SunCoke Energy, Inc. for the periods presented therein. 

s Katherine T. Gates 
 Katherine T. Gates 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 sxcex32210-q2024q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF 
 SUNCOKE ENERGY, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SunCoke Energy, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 , I, Mark W. Marinko, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SunCoke Energy, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SunCoke Energy, Inc. for the periods presented therein. 

s Mark W. Marinko 
 Mark W. Marinko 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 8
 sxcex95110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 

Exhibit 95.1 
 SunCoke Energy, Inc. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a safe work environment and working to ensure environmental compliance across all of our operations. The health and safety of our employees and limiting the impact to communities in which we operate are critical to our long-term success. We employ practices and conduct training to help ensure that our employees work safely. Furthermore, we utilize processes for managing, monitoring and improving safety and environmental performance. 
 
 We have consistently operated within the top quartiles for the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration s recordable injury rates as measured and reported by the American Coke and Coal Chemicals Institute. We also have worked to maintain low injury rates reportable to the U.S. Department of Labor s Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA and won the Sentinels of Safety award for 2008, 2013 and 2016 from MSHA for having the mine with the most employee hours worked without experiencing a lost-time injury in that mine s category. 
 
 The following table presents the information concerning mine safety violations and other regulatory matters that we are required to report in accordance with Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Whenever MSHA believes that a violation of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ), any health or safety standard, or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation which describes the violation and fixes a time within which the operator must abate the violation. In these situations, MSHA typically proposes a civil penalty, or fine, that the operator is ordered to pay. In evaluating the following table regarding mine safety, investors should take into account factors such as (1) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of a coal mine, (2) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector, mine to mine and MSHA district to district and (3) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and during that process are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 
 The mine data retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided in the table below. Any such difference may be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system or other factors. Orders and citations issued to independent contractors who work at our mine sites are not reported in the table below. All section references in the table below refer to provisions of the Mine Act. 
 Operating Name MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S&S Citations (#)(2) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#)(3) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#)(4) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#)(5) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#)(6) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed )(7) 
 Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) (yes no)(8) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(e) (yes no)(9) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#)(10)(11) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#)(12) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#)(13) 
 Ceredo Dock 46-09051 147 no 
 no 
 Quincy Dock 46-07736 147 no 
 no 
 Dismal River Terminal B3121 no no Jewell Coal Corp 44-00649 no no Total 294 no no 
 
 (1) The table does not include the following (i) facilities which have been idle or closed unless they received a citation or order issued by MSHA, (ii) permitted mining sites where we have not begun operations or (iii) mines that are operated on our behalf by contractors who hold the MSHA numbers and have the MSHA liabilities. 
 (2) Alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard. 
 (3) Alleged failures to totally abate a citation within the period of time specified in the citation. 
 (4) Alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e., aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence) to comply with a mining safety standard or regulation. 
 (5) Alleged flagrant violations issued. 

(6) Alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated. 
 (7) Amounts shown include assessments proposed during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and do not necessarily relate to the citations or orders reflected in this table. Assessments for citations or orders reflected in this table may be proposed by MSHA after September 30, 2024. 
 (8) Alleged pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards. 
 (9) Alleged potential to have a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards. 
 (10) This number reflects legal proceedings which remain pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the FMSHRC as of September 30, 2024. The pending legal actions may relate to the citations or orders issued by MSHA during the reporting period or to citations or orders issued in prior periods. The FMSHRC has jurisdiction to hear not only challenges to citations, orders, and penalties but also certain complaints by miners. The number of pending legal actions reported here reflects the number of contested citations, orders, penalties or complaints, which remain pending as of September 30, 2024. 
 (11) The legal proceedings reflected in this column of the table are categorized as follows in accordance with the categories established in the Procedural Rules of the FMSHRC 
 Mine or Operating Name MSHA Identification Number Contests of Citations and Orders (#) Contests of Proposed Penalties (#) Complaints for Compensation (#) Complaints for Discharge, Discrimination or Interference Under Section 105 (#) Applications for Temporary Relief (#) Appeals of Judges Decisions or Orders (#) Ceredo Dock 46-09051 0 0 0 0 0 0 Quincy Dock 46-07736 0 0 0 0 0 0 Dismal River Terminal B3121 0 0 0 0 0 0 Jewell Coal Corp 44-00649 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 (12) This number reflects legal proceedings initiated before the FMSHRC during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The number of initiated legal actions reported here may not have remained pending as of September 30, 2024. 
 (13) This number reflects legal proceedings before the FMSHRC that were resolved during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sxc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sxc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sxc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sxc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sxc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

