<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_83246_0000083246-24-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39103761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324661</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2852044</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>22641600</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5704635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6306859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000083246-24-000023.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029060354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000083246-24-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HSBC USA INC /MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000083246
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				132764867
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07436
		FILM NUMBER:		241402458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 HUDSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-525-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 HUDSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000083246-24-000023.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 hsbcusa-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hsbcusa-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding, all of which are owned by HSBC North America Holdings Inc. 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part/Item No. Part I Page Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited): Consolidated Statement of Income 
 3 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 7 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Forward-Looking Statements 
 77 
 Executive Overview 
 79 
 Basis of Reporting 
 81 
 Balance Sheet Review 
 82 
 Results of Operations 
 87 
 Segment Results - Group Reporting Basis 
 96 
 Credit Quality 
 105 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 112 
 Fair Value 
 116 
 Risk Management 
 117 
 Consolidated Average Balances and Interest Rates 
 123 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 125 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 125 
 Part II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 125 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 125 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 127 
 Signatures 
 128 

2 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 PART I 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Interest income: Loans Securities Trading securities Short-term investments Other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Other Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Other revenues: Credit card fees, net Trust and investment management fees Other fees and commissions Trading revenue Other securities gains (losses), net ) ) Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives ) ) ) ) Other income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total other revenues Operating expenses: Salaries and employee benefits Support services from HSBC affiliates Occupancy expense, net Other expenses Total operating expenses Income before income tax Income tax expense Net income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

3 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net income Net change in unrealized gains (losses), net of tax: Investment securities ) ) Fair value option liabilities attributable to our own credit spread ) ) ) Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges ) ) Pension and post-retirement benefit plans 
 ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (UNAUDITED) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Assets (1) 
 Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits with banks Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell Trading assets (includes billion and billion pledged to creditors at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Securities available-for-sale (includes amortized cost of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, an allowance for credit losses of at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and billion and billion pledged to creditors at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (fair value of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Loans (includes million and million designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Less allowance for credit losses Loans, net Loans held for sale (includes million and million designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Properties and equipment, net Goodwill Other assets, net of allowance for credit losses of at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (includes and million designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total assets Liabilities (1) 
 Debt: Domestic deposits: Noninterest bearing Interest bearing (includes billion and billion designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Foreign deposits - interest bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings 
 Long-term debt (includes billion and billion designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total debt Trading liabilities Interest, taxes and other liabilities (includes and million designated under fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total liabilities Equity Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common equity: Common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common equity Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 5 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 (1) 
 Total assets Liabilities Interest, taxes and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Preferred stock Balance at beginning and end of period Common stock Balance at beginning and end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Gain on transfer of certain precious metals trading and financing activities to an affiliate, net of tax Employee benefit plans ) ) Balance at end of period Retained earnings Balance at beginning of period Net income Balance at end of period Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance at end of period ) ) Total common equity Total equity Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Preferred stock Balance at beginning and end of period Common stock Balance at beginning and end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Gain on transfer of certain precious metals trading and financing activities to an affiliate, net of tax Employee benefit plans ) ) Balance at end of period Retained earnings Balance at beginning of period Net income Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) Balance at end of period Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance at end of period ) ) Total common equity Total equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization ) Provision for credit losses Net realized losses (gains) on securities available-for-sale ) Net change in other assets and liabilities ) Net change in loans held for sale: Originations and purchases of loans held for sale ) ) Sales and collections of loans held for sale Net change in trading assets and liabilities ) Lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustments on loans held for sale ) Loss on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Net change in federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell Securities available-for-sale: Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from paydowns and maturities of securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity: Purchases of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from paydowns and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Change in loans: Originations, net of collections ) Loans sold to third parties Net cash provided by (used for) sales (acquisitions) of properties and equipment ) Cash received on transfer of certain precious metals trading and financing activities to an affiliate Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Net change in deposits ) Debt: Net change in short-term borrowings ) Issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Other decreases in capital surplus ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits with banks Cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits with banks at beginning of period Cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits with banks at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Note Page Note Page 1 Organization and Presentation 
 9 
 11 Fee Income from Contracts with Customers 
 45 
 2 Trading Assets and Liabilities 
 10 
 12 Related Party Transactions 
 46 
 3 Securities 
 11 
 13 Business Segments 
 49 
 4 Loans 
 15 
 14 Retained Earnings and Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 51 
 5 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 30 
 15 Variable Interest Entities 
 52 
 6 Loans Held for Sale 
 33 
 16 Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Assets and Repurchase Agreements 
 54 
 7 Goodwill 
 34 
 17 Fair Value Measurements 
 59 
 8 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 34 
 18 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 75 
 9 Fair Value Option 
 40 
 19 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 76 
 10 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 43 

1. 

9 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 2. 
 
 U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed U.S. Government sponsored enterprises Foreign bonds Equity securities Precious metals Derivatives, net Total trading assets Trading liabilities: Securities sold, not yet purchased Payables for precious metals Derivatives, net Total trading liabilities 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of derivatives included in trading assets is net of million and million, respectively, relating to amounts recognized for the obligation to return cash collateral received under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of derivatives included in trading liabilities is net of million and million, respectively, relating to amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral paid under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties. 
 See Note 8, "Derivative Financial Instruments," for further information on our trading derivatives and related collateral. 
 Dividend income on equity securities held for trading, which is recorded in interest income in the consolidated statement of income, totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Trading security positions are primarily held as economic hedges of derivative products issued to our clients. 
 10 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 3. 
 
 ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Direct agency obligations ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Direct agency obligations Asset-backed securities collateralized by: Home equity ) Other ) Foreign debt securities (1) 
 ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Securities held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Total held-to-maturity securities ) 
 11 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Direct agency obligations ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Direct agency obligations ) Asset-backed securities collateralized by: Home equity ) Other ) Foreign debt securities (1) 
 ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Securities held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed: Mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Asset-backed securities collateralized by residential mortgages Total held-to-maturity securities ) 
 
 (1) Foreign debt securities represent public sector entity, bank or corporate debt. 
 Securities Available-for-Sale The following provides additional information about our portfolio of securities available-for-sale: 
 Allowance for credit losses On a quarterly basis, we perform an assessment to determine whether there have been any events or economic circumstances to indicate that a debt security available-for-sale in an unrealized loss position has suffered impairment due to credit factors. A debt security available-for-sale is considered impaired if its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis at the reporting date. If impaired, we assess whether the impairment is due to credit factors. 
 If we intend to sell the debt security or if it is more-likely-than-not that we will be required to sell the debt security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, the impairment is recognized and the unrealized loss is recorded as a direct write-down of the security's amortized cost basis with an offsetting charge to earnings. If we do not intend to sell the debt security or believe we will not be required to sell the debt security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, the impairment is assessed to determine if a credit loss component exists. We use a discounted cash flow method to determine the credit loss component. In the event a credit loss exists, an allowance for credit losses is recorded in earnings for the credit loss component of the impairment while the remaining portion of the impairment attributable to factors other than credit loss is recognized, net of tax, in other comprehensive income (loss). The amount of impairment recognized due to credit factors is limited to the excess of the amortized cost basis over the fair value of the security available-for-sale. 
 In determining whether a credit loss component exists, we consider a series of factors which include: 
 The extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis; 
 12 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 . 
 Securities in an unrealized loss position for which no allowance for credit losses has been recognized 
 ) ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed ) Asset-backed securities ) Foreign debt securities ) Securities available-for-sale ) ) At December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. Government sponsored enterprises ) U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed ) Asset-backed securities ) Foreign debt securities ) ) Securities available-for-sale ) ) 
 Gross unrealized losses decreased as compared with December 31, 2023 due primarily to decreasing yields on U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed and U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities as well as the sale of certain securities that were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2023. 
 Although the fair value of a particular security may be below its amortized cost, it does not necessarily result in a credit loss and hence an allowance for credit losses. The decline in fair value may be caused by, among other things, higher market rates or the illiquidity of the market. We have reviewed the securities in an unrealized loss position for which no allowance for credit losses has been recognized in accordance with our accounting policies, discussed further above. At September 30, 2024, we do not consider any of these securities to be impaired due to credit factors as we expect to recover their amortized cost basis and we neither intend nor expect to be required to sell these securities prior to recovery, even if that equates to holding them until their individual maturities. However, impairments due to credit factors may occur in future periods if the credit quality of the securities deteriorates. 
 Securities Held-to-Maturity The following provides additional information about our portfolio of securities held-to-maturity: 
 Allowance for credit losses We exclude from our calculation of lifetime expected credit losses ("ECL") securities for which we expect that non-payment of the amortized cost basis will be zero ("Zero Expected Credit Loss Exception"). Due to the composition of our portfolio of securities held-to-maturity, substantially all of our portfolio qualifies for the Zero Expected Credit Loss Exception and has been excluded from our lifetime ECL calculation. At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses on securities held-to-maturity was . 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, of our securities held-to-maturity were past due or in nonaccrual status. 
 13 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Gross realized losses ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we sold certain U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities classified as available-for-sale with a total carrying value of million and realized a loss of million. These securities were sold to manage our exposure to the changing interest rate environment as part of our continuing strategy to maximize returns while balancing the securities portfolio for risk management purposes. We have reinvested the proceeds into higher yielding U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities classified as held-to-maturity. 
 Contractual Maturities and Yields The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair values of securities available-for-sale and securities held-to-maturity at September 30, 2024 by contractual maturity. Expected maturities differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties in certain cases. 
 U.S. Government sponsored enterprises 
 U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed 
 Asset-backed securities Foreign debt securities Total amortized cost Total fair value Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury U.S. Government sponsored enterprises 
 U.S. Government agency issued or guaranteed 
 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Total amortized cost Total fair value 
 
 14 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values 
 On a quarterly basis, we perform an assessment to determine whether any equity securities without readily determinable fair values are impaired. In the event an equity security is deemed impaired, the security is written down to fair value with impairment recorded in earnings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we determined that certain equity securities without readily determinable fair values were impaired and, as a result, we recorded an impairment loss of million in both periods as a component of other income (loss) in the consolidated statement of income. 
 Also included in other assets were investments in Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock and Federal Reserve Bank stock of million and million, respectively, at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Our investment in Federal Reserve Bank stock represents approximately half of the total subscription price for our subscribed shares. The remaining half is unpaid and remains subject to call by the Federal Reserve Board ("FRB"). 

4. 
 
 Business and corporate banking Global banking (1) 
 Other commercial: Affiliates (2) 
 Other Total other commercial Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Home equity mortgages Credit cards Other consumer (3) 
 Total consumer Total loans 
 
 (1) Represents large multinational firms including globally focused U.S. corporate and financial institutions, U.S. dollar lending to multinational banking clients managed by HSBC on a global basis and complex large business clients supported by Global Banking and Markets relationship managers. 
 (2) See Note 12, "Related Party Transactions," for additional information regarding loans to HSBC affiliates. 
 (3) Includes certain student loans that we have elected to designate under the fair value option and are therefore carried at fair value, which totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 9, "Fair Value Option," for further details. 
 Net deferred origination costs totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had a net unamortized discount on our loans of million and million, respectively. 
 15 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Business and corporate banking 
 Global banking Other commercial Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Home equity mortgages Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer Total loans At December 31, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking 
 Global banking Other commercial Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 
 Home equity mortgages Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer Total loans 
 
 (1) Loans less than 30 days past due are presented as current. 
 
 16 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Business and corporate banking Global banking Other commercial Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (1)(2)(3) 
 Home equity mortgages (1)(2) 
 Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer Total nonperforming loans At December 31, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Global banking Other commercial Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (1)(2)(3) 
 Home equity mortgages (1)(2) 
 Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer Total nonperforming loans 
 
 (1) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, nonaccrual consumer mortgage loans include million and million, respectively, of loans that are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. 
 (2) Nonaccrual consumer mortgage loans include all loans which are 90 or more days contractually delinquent as well as loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not re-affirmed and second lien loans where the first lien loan that we own or service is 90 or more days contractually delinquent. 
 (3) Nonaccrual consumer mortgage loans for all periods does not include guaranteed loans purchased from the Government National Mortgage Association. Repayment of these loans is predominantly insured by the Federal Housing Administration and as such, these loans have different risk characteristics from the rest of our consumer loan portfolio. 
 Interest income that was recorded on nonaccrual loans and included in interest income totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 million and million, respectively. 
 For collateral-dependent commercial loans, the allowance for expected credit losses is individually assessed based on the fair value of the collateral. Various types of collateral are used, including real estate, inventory, equipment, accounts receivable, securities and cash, among others. For commercial real estate loans, collateral values are generally based on appraisals which are updated based on management judgment under the specific circumstances on a case-by-case basis. In situations where an appraisal is not used, borrower-specific factors such as operating results, cash flows and debt service ratios are reviewed along with relevant market data of comparable properties in order to create a 10-year cash flow model to be discounted at appropriate rates to present value. The collateral value for securities is based on their quoted market prices or broker quotes. The collateral value for other financial assets is generally based on appraisals or is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis. Commercial loan balances are charged off at the time all or a portion of the balance is deemed uncollectible. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had collateral-dependent commercial loans totaling million and million, respectively. 
 Loan Modifications In conjunction with our loss mitigation activities, we modify certain loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications may include changes to one or more terms of the loan, including, but not limited to, a change in interest rate, extension of the term, reduction in payment amount and partial forgiveness or deferment of principal, accrued interest or other loan covenants. 
 The following disclosures provide information about loan payment modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in the form of an interest rate reduction, principal forgiveness, a term extension or significant payment deferral, or a combination thereof. Not included are loans with short-term payment modifications (e.g., deferrals of three months or less) and other insignificant modifications, such as covenant waivers and amendments, and deferrals of financial statement and covenant compliance reporting requirements. Commercial loan payment modifications typically involve term extensions. In certain cases, the term extension is coupled with an interest rate increase which is intended to reduce the financial effect of extending the life of the loan. The effects of these interest rate increases are not included in the following disclosures. For consumer loans, payment modifications typically involve payment deferrals or interest rate reductions which lower the amount of interest income we are contractually entitled to receive in future periods. Through lowering the interest rate, we believe we are able to increase the amount of cash flow that will ultimately be collected from the loan, given the borrower's financial condition. 
 . 
 Interest Rate Reduction Principal Forgiveness Term Extension / Significant Payment Deferral Combination (1) 
 Total of Total Loans (dollars are in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Total commercial 
 18 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Business and corporate banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (2) 
 Total consumer Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Global banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (2) 
 Total consumer Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Global banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (2) 
 Total consumer Total 
 
 (1) Represents loans with more than one type of payment modification during the period. 
 (2) The carrying values of consumer mortgage loans with a payment modification primarily includes loans that were recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, additional commitments to lend to commercial borrowers who were provided with a loan payment modification during the respective year-to-date periods totaled million and million, respectively. 
 19 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Business and corporate banking Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Global banking Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking Global banking Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 
 The effect of most modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is already included in the allowance for credit losses because of the methodology used to estimate lifetime ECL, which considers historical loss information including losses from modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. As a result, a material change to the allowance for credit losses is generally not recorded upon modification. In instances when a loan is modified in the form of principal forgiveness, the amount of principal forgiven is deemed uncollectible and that portion of the loan balance is charged off with a corresponding reduction to the allowance for credit losses. 
 We closely monitor the performance of modified loans to understand the effectiveness of our loss mitigation efforts. Upon determination that a modified loan or a portion of a modified loan has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan or a portion of the loan is charged off in accordance with our accounting policies with a corresponding reduction to the allowance for credit losses. 
 20 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Total commercial 
 
 (1) Represents loans with more than one type of payment modification during the period. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty with a payment modification during the previous 12 months which subsequently became 90 days or greater contractually delinquent. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were also commercial loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty with a payment modification during the previous 12 months which subsequently became 90 days or greater contractually delinquent. During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty with a payment modification during the previous nine months which subsequently became 90 days or greater contractually delinquent. 
 Business and corporate banking Global banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Total consumer Total At December 31, 2023 Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking 
 Global banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 
 Total consumer Total 
 
 (1) Loans less than 30 days past due are presented as current. 
 21 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Substandard Doubtful Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total global banking Total commercial Total commercial: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial 
 22 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Substandard Doubtful Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total global banking Other commercial: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total other commercial Total commercial Total commercial: Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial 
 23 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Nonaccrual loans Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total global banking Other commercial: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total other commercial Total commercial Total commercial: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total commercial 
 24 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Nonaccrual loans Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total global banking Other commercial: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Total other commercial Total commercial Total commercial: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more Total commercial 
 25 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Non-investment grade Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total global banking Other commercial: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total other commercial Total commercial Total commercial: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total commercial 
 26 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Non-investment grade Total real estate, including construction Business and corporate banking: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total business and corporate banking Global banking: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total global banking Other commercial: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total other commercial Total commercial Total commercial: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total commercial 
 Gross Charge-offs 
 Global banking Total commercial 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Loans Converted to Term Loans Total (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Business and corporate banking Total commercial 
 27 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Home equity mortgages (1)(2) 
 Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Total at Dec. 31, 2023 (in millions) Residential mortgages (1)(2) 
 Home equity mortgages (1)(2) 
 Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer 
 
 (1) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, consumer mortgage loan delinquency includes million and million, respectively, of loans that are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. 
 (2) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, consumer mortgage loans include million and million, respectively, of loans that were in the process of foreclosure. 
 Nonperforming 
 Nonaccrual loans 
 Total residential mortgages Home equity mortgages: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans 
 Total home equity mortgages Credit cards: Performing loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total credit cards Other consumer: Performing loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total other consumer Total consumer Total consumer: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total consumer 
 28 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Nonaccrual loans 
 Total residential mortgages Home equity mortgages: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans 
 Total home equity mortgages Credit cards: Performing loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total credit cards Other consumer: Performing loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total other consumer Total consumer Total consumer: Performing loans Nonaccrual loans Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 
 Total consumer 
 Gross Charge-offs 
 Other consumer Total consumer 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Total (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Residential mortgages Home equity mortgages Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer 
 Concentration of Credit Risk At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our loan portfolios included interest-only residential mortgage and home equity mortgage loans totaling million and million, respectively. An interest-only residential mortgage loan allows a customer to pay the interest-only portion of the monthly payment for a period of time which results in lower payments during the initial loan period. However, subsequent events affecting a customer's financial position could affect the ability of customers to repay the loan in the future when the principal payments are required which increases the credit risk of this loan type. 
 
 29 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 5. 
 
 forward-looking economic scenarios to calculate lifetime ECL when estimating the allowance for credit losses for in scope financial assets and the liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures. Three of the scenarios are termed the "Consensus Economic Scenarios" which include a 'most likely outcome' (the "Central scenario") and two less likely 'outer' scenarios, referred to as the "Upside scenario" and the "Downside scenario." The fourth scenario, referred to as the "Alternative Downside scenario," is designed to consider severe downside risks with more extreme economic outcomes. Each scenario is assigned a weighting deemed appropriate for the estimation of lifetime ECL, with the majority of the weighting typically placed on the Central scenario. At management's discretion, changes may be made to the weighting assigned to the scenarios or additional scenarios may be included in order to consider current economic conditions. 
 Updates to Economic Scenarios and Other Changes During the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 During the first half of 2024, economic uncertainty remained due to elevated interest rates and inflation levels. We updated our Consensus Economic Scenarios and our Alternative Downside scenario to reflect management's view of forecasted economic conditions and utilized the updated scenarios for estimating lifetime ECL at June 30, 2024. Each of the scenarios were assigned weightings with the majority of the weighting placed on the Central scenario, lower equal weights placed on the Upside and Downside scenarios and the lowest weighting placed on the Alternative Downside scenario. This weighting was deemed appropriate for the estimation of lifetime ECL at that time. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, elevated interest rates and the effects from higher inflation continued to create economic uncertainty. We updated our Consensus Economic Scenarios and our Alternative Downside scenario to reflect management's current view of forecasted economic conditions and utilized the updated scenarios for estimating lifetime ECL at September 30, 2024. Each of the scenarios were assigned weightings with the majority of the weighting placed on the Central scenario, lower equal weights placed on the Upside and Downside scenarios and the lowest weighting placed on the Alternative Downside scenario. This weighting was deemed appropriate for the estimation of lifetime ECL under current conditions. The following discussion summarizes the Central, Upside, Downside and Alternative Downside scenarios at September 30, 2024. The economic assumptions described in this section have been formed specifically for the purpose of calculating ECL. 
 In the Central scenario , U.S. Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") growth moderates in 2024 and 2025 compared with 2023 under the assumption that diminishing excess household savings, a softened labor market, and elevated interest rates constrain expenditure. As the labor market becomes more balanced, the unemployment rate increases slightly, but remains near historic lows, while residential housing prices grow modestly driven by a low inventory of existing homes for sale. In the financial markets, growth in financial asset prices moderates compared with the first half of 2024 while the FRB continues to reduce its policy rate in the fourth quarter of 2024 followed by further reductions in 2025 as inflation falls closer to the FRB's long-run inflation target. 
 In the Upside scenario , the economy is assumed to grow at a faster pace than in the Central scenario as inflation wanes. As a result, the unemployment rate falls and remains lower than in the Central scenario, while both residential housing and commercial real estate prices are higher than in the Central scenario. In this scenario, the equity price index climbs with strong momentum and overall optimism fueled by easing inflation allows the FRB to normalize its policy rate slightly faster than currently anticipated, which, combined with lower inflation expectations, drive the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield lower than in the Central scenario. 
 In the Downside scenario , inflation re-accelerates and the economy enters into a mild recession, with the unemployment rate increasing and remaining at a higher level, while residential housing and commercial real estate prices undergo sharp correction due to weakness in the labor market and rising inflation. In this scenario, the FRB maintains its policy rate initially to tackle inflation and the equity price index goes through a substantial correction by the end of 2025 driven by an overall erosion of consumer and business sentiments, which eventually results in lower interest rates than in the Central scenario. 
 In the Alternative Downside scenario , geopolitical tensions escalate significantly and more severe inflationary pressures accompanied by tighter monetary policy lead the U.S. economy into a deep recession in 2025, followed by a very anemic recovery starting in 2026. An extended period of economic contraction keeps the unemployment rate at an elevated level, which pressures residential housing prices to depreciate substantially, while at the same time, contracting corporate activities and rising unemployment pushes the commercial real estate market into a downturn. In this scenario, financial markets experience a major sell-off and volatility in the financial markets remains extremely high over the next year, widening corporate credit spreads substantially, and flight to safe haven assets pushes the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield lower. 
 30 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Forecast at June 30, 2024 Forecast at December 31, 2023 GDP growth rate (year-over-year): Forecast at September 30, 2024 Forecast at June 30, 2024 Forecast at December 31, 2023 
 As part of our updates to the economic scenarios, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we also decreased our commercial allowance for credit losses for risk associated with large loan exposures. 
 In addition to the updates to the economic scenarios, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we decreased the management judgement allowance on our commercial loan portfolio for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures that are not fully captured in the models, while in the year-to-date period, we increased the management judgement allowance on our commercial loan portfolio for risk factors associated with innovation banking exposures that are not fully captured in the models. 
 While we believe that the assumptions used in our credit loss models are reasonable within the parameters for which the models have been built and calibrated to operate, inflation and elevated interest rates have resulted in a macroeconomic environment that is outside the parameters for which the models have been built. As a result, adjustments to model outputs to reflect consideration of management judgment are used with stringent governance in place to ensure an appropriate lifetime ECL estimate. 
 The impacts of elevated interest rates and the effects from higher inflation will continue to impact our business and our allowance for credit losses in future periods, the extent of which remains uncertain. We will continue to monitor these situations closely and will continue to adapt our approach as necessary to reflect management's current view of forecasted economic conditions. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses / Liability for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures 
 Securities held-to-maturity (1) 
 Other financial assets measured at amortized cost (2) 
 Securities available-for-sale (1) 
 Total allowance for credit losses Liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures 
 
 (1) See Note 3, "Securities," for additional information regarding the allowance for credit losses associated with our security portfolios. 
 (2) Primarily includes accrued interest receivables and customer acceptances. 
 31 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 ) Provision charged (credited) to income ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses end of period 
 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses beginning of period 
 ) Provision charged (credited) to income ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses end of period 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Allowance for credit losses beginning of period 
 ) Provision charged (credited) to income ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses end of period 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses beginning of period 
 Provision charged (credited) to income ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses end of period 
 ) 
 Provision charged (credited) to income ) Balance at end of period 
 32 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Securities held-to-maturity Other financial assets measured at amortized cost Securities available-for-sale Total accrued interest receivables Allowance for credit losses Accrued interest receivables, net 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we charged-off accrued interest receivables by reversing interest income for loans of million and million, respectively, compared with million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

6. 
 
 Business and corporate banking Global banking Total commercial Consumer loans: Residential mortgages Total consumer Total loans held for sale 
 Commercial Loans Included in commercial loans held for sale are certain loans that we have elected to designate under the fair value option which consists of loans that we originate in connection with our participation in a number of syndicated credit facilities with the intent of selling them to unaffiliated third parties as well as loans that we purchase from the secondary market and hold as hedges against our exposure to certain total return swaps or intend to sell. The fair value of these loans totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 9, "Fair Value Option," for additional information. 
 Commercial loans held for sale also includes certain loans that we no longer intend to hold for investment and were transferred to held for sale which totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustments on these commercial loans held for sale were . 
 In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, we transferred certain commercial real estate loans to held for sale with a carrying value of million as part of an effort to reduce exposure to this sector. We recorded a lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustment of million upon transferring these loans to held for sale as a component of other income (loss) in the consolidated statement of income. During the third quarter of 2023, a portion of these loans with a carrying value of million was transferred back to held for investment and, as a result, we reversed million of the lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustment previously recorded on these loans held for sale. 
 33 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Valuation Allowances Excluding the loans designated under the fair value option discussed above, loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, with adjustments to fair value being recorded as a valuation allowance through other revenues. The valuation allowance on commercial loans held for sale was and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The valuation allowance on consumer loans held for sale was at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

7. 
 
 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Goodwill for these periods reflects accumulated impairment losses of million, which were recognized in prior periods. During the third quarter of 2024, there were no events or changes in circumstances to indicate that it is more likely than not the fair value of our Commercial Banking reporting unit has been reduced below its carrying amount. 

8. 
 
 34 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges: (1) 
 Foreign exchange contracts - bilateral OTC (2) 
 Interest rate contracts - bilateral OTC (2) 
 Total derivatives accounted for as hedges Trading derivatives not accounted for as hedges: (3) 
 Exchange-traded (2) 
 OTC-cleared (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Interest rate contracts OTC-cleared (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Foreign exchange contracts Exchange-traded (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Equity contracts Exchange-traded (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Precious metals contracts OTC-cleared (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Credit contracts Other non-qualifying derivatives not accounted for as hedges: (1) 
 Interest rate contracts - bilateral OTC (2) 
 Equity contracts - bilateral OTC (2) 
 OTC-cleared (2) 
 Bilateral OTC (2) 
 Credit contracts Other contracts - bilateral OTC (2)(4) 
 Total derivatives Less: Gross amounts of receivable / payable subject to enforceable master netting agreements (5)(7) 
 Less: Gross amounts of cash collateral received / posted subject to enforceable master netting agreements (6)(7) 
 Net amounts of derivative assets / liabilities presented in the balance sheet Less: Gross amounts of financial instrument collateral received / posted subject to enforceable master netting agreements but not offset in the consolidated balance sheet 
 Net amounts of derivative assets / liabilities 
 
 (1) Derivative assets / liabilities related to cash flow hedges, fair value hedges and derivative instruments held for purposes other than for trading are recorded in other assets / interest, taxes and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives include derivatives executed and settled bilaterally with counterparties without the use of an organized exchange or central clearing house. The credit risk associated with bilateral OTC derivatives is managed through obtaining collateral and enforceable master netting agreements. OTC-cleared derivatives are executed bilaterally in the OTC market but then novated to a central clearing counterparty, whereby the central clearing counterparty becomes the counterparty to each of the original counterparties. Exchange traded derivatives are executed directly on an organized exchange. Credit risk is minimized for OTC-cleared derivatives and exchange traded derivatives through daily margining requirements. In addition, OTC-cleared interest rate and credit derivatives with certain central clearing counterparties are settled daily. 
 (3) Trading related derivative assets / liabilities are recorded in trading assets / trading liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (4) Consists of swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Inc. ("Visa") Class B common shares ("Class B Shares"). 
 (5) Represents the netting of derivative receivable and payable balances for the same counterparty under enforceable netting agreements. 
 (6) Represents the netting of cash collateral posted and received by counterparty under enforceable netting agreements. 
 35 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 See Note 16, "Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Assets and Repurchase Agreements," for further information on offsetting related to resale and repurchase agreements. 
 Derivatives Held for Risk Management Purposes Our risk management policy requires us to identify, analyze and manage risks arising from the activities conducted during the normal course of business. We use derivative instruments as an asset and liability management tool to manage our exposures in interest rate, foreign currency and credit risks in existing assets and liabilities, commitments and forecasted transactions. The accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative instrument will depend on whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. 
 We designate derivative instruments to offset the fair value risk and cash flow risk arising from fixed-rate and floating-rate assets and liabilities as well as forecasted transactions. We assess the hedging relationships, both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, using a regression approach to determine whether the designated hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or the cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Accounting principles for qualifying hedges require us to prepare detailed documentation describing the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, including, but not limited to, the risk management objective, the hedging strategy and the methods to assess and measure the ineffectiveness of the hedging relationship. We discontinue hedge accounting when we determine that the hedge is no longer highly effective, the hedging instrument is terminated, sold or expired, the designated forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring, or when the designation is removed by us. 
 Fair Value Hedges In the normal course of business, we hold fixed-rate loans and securities, and issue fixed-rate deposits and senior and subordinated debt obligations. The fair value of fixed-rate assets and liabilities fluctuates in response to changes in interest rates. We utilize interest rate swaps, forward and futures contracts to minimize our exposure to changes in fair value caused by interest rate volatility. The changes in the fair value of the hedged item designated in a qualifying hedge are captured as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item (basis adjustment). If the hedging relationship is discontinued and the hedged item continues to exist, the basis adjustment is amortized over the remaining life of the hedged item. 
 ) ) ) Deposits ) ) Long-term debt ) ) At December 31, 2023 Securities AFS ) ) ) Deposits ) ) Long-term debt ) ) 
 
 (1) The carrying amount of securities AFS represents the amortized cost basis. 
 
 36 

HSBC USA Inc. Interest rate contracts / Deposits Net interest income ) Interest rate contracts / Long-term debt Net interest income ) Total ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate contracts / Securities AFS Net interest income ) Interest rate contracts / Deposits Net interest income ) ) Interest rate contracts / Long-term debt Net interest income ) ) Total ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate contracts / Securities AFS Net interest income Interest rate contracts / Deposits Net interest income ) Interest rate contracts / Long-term debt Net interest income ) ) Total ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate contracts / Securities AFS Net interest income ) Interest rate contracts / Deposits Net interest income ) ) Interest rate contracts / Long-term debt Net interest income ) ) Total ) 
 Cash Flow Hedges We own or issue floating rate financial instruments and enter into forecasted transactions that give rise to variability in future cash flows. As a part of our risk management strategy, we use interest rate swaps, currency swaps and futures contracts to mitigate risk associated with variability in the cash flows. Changes in fair value of a derivative instrument associated with a qualifying cash flow hedge are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). When the cash flows being hedged materialize and are recorded in income or expense, the associated gain or loss from the hedging derivative previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCI") is reclassified into earnings in the same accounting period in which the designated forecasted transaction or hedged item affects earnings. If a cash flow hedge of a forecasted transaction is discontinued because it is no longer highly effective, or if the hedge relationship is terminated, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging derivative to that date will continue to be reported in AOCI unless it is probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will not occur by the end of the originally specified time period as documented at the inception of the hedge, at which time the cumulative gain or loss is released into earnings. 
 At September 30, 2024, active cash flow hedge relationships extend or mature through July 2036. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, million and million of losses related to discontinued cash flow hedge relationships were amortized to earnings from AOCI compared with losses of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. During the next twelve months, we expect to amortize million of remaining losses to earnings resulting from these discontinued cash flow hedges. The interest accrual related to the hedging instruments is recognized in net interest income . 
 37 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Net interest income Interest rate contracts ) Net interest income ) ) Total ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Foreign exchange contracts Net interest income Interest rate contracts ) ) Net interest income ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 Trading Derivatives and Non-Qualifying Hedging Activities In addition to risk management, we also enter into derivative contracts, including buy- and sell-protection credit derivatives, for the purposes of trading and market making, or repackaging risks to form structured trades to meet clients' risk taking objectives. Additionally, we buy or sell securities and use derivatives to mitigate the market risks arising from our trading activities with our clients that exceed our risk appetite. We also use buy-protection credit derivatives to manage our counterparty credit risk exposure. Where we enter into derivatives for trading purposes, realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in trading revenue. Counterparty credit risk associated with OTC derivatives, including risk-mitigating buy-protection credit derivatives, are recognized as an adjustment to the fair value of the derivatives and are recorded in trading revenue. 
 Our non-qualifying hedging and other activities include: 
 Derivative contracts related to the fixed-rate long-term debt issuances and hybrid instruments, including all structured notes and deposits, for which we have elected fair value option accounting. These derivative contracts are non-qualifying hedges but are considered economic hedges. 
 Credit default swaps which are designated as economic hedges against the credit risks within our loan portfolio. In the event of an impairment loss occurring in a loan that is economically hedged, the impairment loss is recognized as provision for credit losses while the gain on the credit default swap is recorded as other income (loss). 
 Swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares to a third party to retain the litigation risk associated with the Class B Shares sold until the related litigation is settled. See Note 16, "Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Assets and Repurchase Agreements," for additional information. 
 Forward purchases or sales of to-be-announced ("TBA") securities used to economically hedge changes in the fair value of residential mortgage loans which are originated and held for sale attributable to changes in market interest rates. Changes in the fair value of TBA positions, which are considered derivatives, are recorded in other income (loss). See Note 6, "Loans Held for Sale," for additional information. 
 Equity warrant assets obtained in connection with certain commercial lending activities, which generally entitle us to acquire stock in private companies. Changes in fair value are recorded in other income (loss). 
 Derivative instruments designated as economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded at fair value through profit and loss. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on economic hedges are recognized in gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives or other income (loss) while the derivative asset or liability positions are reflected as other assets or other liabilities. 
 38 

HSBC USA Inc. Foreign exchange contracts Trading revenue Equity contracts Trading revenue ) ) ) Precious metals contracts Trading revenue ) ) Credit contracts Trading revenue ) Total ) ) 
 ) ) ) Equity contracts Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives ) Equity contracts Other income (loss) Credit contracts Other income (loss) ) ) ) ) Other contracts (1) 
 Other income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total ) 
 
 (1) Consists of swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares. 
 Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features The majority of our derivative contracts contain provisions that require us to maintain a specific credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. Sometimes the derivative instrument transactions are a part of broader structured product transactions. If our credit ratings were to fall below the current ratings, the counterparties to our derivative instruments could demand us to post additional collateral. The amount of additional collateral required to be posted will depend on whether we are downgraded by one or more notches. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features that were in a net liability position at September 30, 2024 was million, for which we had posted collateral of million. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position at December 31, 2023 was million, for which we had posted collateral of million. Substantially all of the collateral posted is in the form of cash or securities available-for-sale. See Note 16, "Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Assets and Repurchase Agreements," for further details. 
 
 39 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Swaps Options written Options purchased Total interest rate Foreign exchange: Swaps, futures and forwards Options written Options purchased Spot Total foreign exchange Commodities, equities and precious metals: Swaps, futures and forwards Options written Options purchased Total commodities, equities and precious metals Credit derivatives Other contracts (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Consists of swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares. 

9. 
 
 40 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 loans for which the fair value option has been elected were 90 days or more past due or in nonaccrual status. 
 Long-Term Debt (Own Debt Issuances) We elected to apply FVO accounting for certain fixed-rate long-term debt for which we had applied or otherwise would elect to apply fair value hedge accounting. The election allows us to achieve a similar accounting effect without having to meet the hedge accounting requirements. The own debt issuances elected under FVO are traded in secondary markets and, as such, the fair value is determined based on observed prices for the specific instruments. The observed market price of these instruments reflects the effect of changes to our own credit spreads and interest rates. Interest on the fixed-rate debt accounted for under FVO is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of income. Excluding the fair value movement attributable to our own credit spread, the components of gain (loss) in the consolidated statement of income related to long-term debt designated at fair value are summarized in the table below. 
 Hybrid Instruments We elected to apply FVO accounting to all of our hybrid instruments issued, including structured notes and deposits. The valuation of the hybrid instruments is predominantly driven by the derivative features embedded within the instruments and our own credit risk. Cash flows of the hybrid instruments in their entirety, including the embedded derivatives, are discounted at an appropriate rate for the applicable duration of the instrument adjusted for our own credit spreads. The credit spreads applied to structured notes are determined with reference to our own debt issuance rates observed in the primary and secondary markets, internal funding rates, and structured note rates in recent executions while the credit spreads applied to structured deposits are determined using market rates currently offered on comparable deposits with similar characteristics and maturities. Interest on this debt is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of income. Excluding the fair value movement attributable to our own credit spread, the components of gain (loss) in the consolidated statement of income related to hybrid instruments designated at fair value are summarized in the table below. 
 Client Share Repurchase Transactions From time to time, we enter into agreements with clients to facilitate share repurchase transactions under which the clients make a substantial up-front cash payment in exchange for the delivery of shares. Simultaneously, we enter into corresponding agreements with HSBC Bank plc to execute the share repurchases. We elected to apply FVO accounting to these transactions, which are recorded in other assets and interest, taxes and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 ) Commercial loans held for sale ) Fixed rate long-term debt Hybrid instruments: Structured deposits Structured notes At December 31, 2023 Student loans held for investment ) Commercial loans held for sale ) Client share repurchase asset Fixed rate long-term debt Hybrid instruments: Structured deposits Structured notes Client share repurchase liability 
 41 

HSBC USA Inc. 

) ) ) Credit risk component (2) 
 Total mark-to-market on financial instruments designated at fair value 
 ) ) ) Mark-to-market on related derivatives Net realized gain (loss) on related long-term debt derivatives ) ) Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives 
 ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate and other components (1) 
 Credit risk component (2) 
 Total mark-to-market on financial instruments designated at fair value 
 Mark-to-market on related derivatives ) ) ) Net realized gain (loss) on related long-term debt derivatives ) ) Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives 
 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate and other components (1) 
 ) ) ) Credit risk component (2) 
 Total mark-to-market on financial instruments designated at fair value 
 ) ) ) Mark-to-market on related derivatives Net realized gain (loss) on related long-term debt derivatives ) ) Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives 
 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate and other components (1) 
 ) ) Credit risk component (2) 
 Total mark-to-market on financial instruments designated at fair value 
 ) ) Mark-to-market on related derivatives ) Net realized gain on related long-term debt derivatives 
 Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) As it relates to hybrid instruments, interest rate and other components primarily includes interest rate and equity contract risks. 
 (2) The fair value movement on fair value option liabilities attributable to our own credit spread is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 42 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 10. 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax of million and ) million, respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income, net of tax of million and , respectively (1) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) for period ) Balance at end of period ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fair value option liabilities attributable to our own credit spread: 
 Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax of million and ) million, respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) for period ) Balance at end of period Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax of ) million and million, respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income, net of tax of million and million, respectively (2) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) for period ) Balance at end of period ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit liability: Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Change in unfunded pension and postretirement liability, net of tax of less than ) million and less than ) million, respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss for period ) ) Balance at end of period Total accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) ) 
 43 

HSBC USA Inc. ) Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax of million and ) million, respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses realized in net income, net of tax of million and less than ) million, respectively (1) 
 ) Amortization of net unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity realized in net income, net of tax of less than million and , respectively (3) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) for period ) Balance at end of period ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fair value option liabilities attributable to our own credit spread: 
 Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized losses arising during period, net of tax of ) million and ) million, respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss for period ) ) Balance at end of period Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Net unrealized losses arising during period, net of tax of ) million and ) million, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income, net of tax of million and million, respectively (2) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) for period ) Balance at end of period ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit liability: Balance at beginning period Other comprehensive income (loss) for period: Change in unfunded pension and postretirement liability, net of tax of less than ) million and less than ) million, respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss for period ) ) Balance at end of period Total accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) ) 
 
 (1) Amount reclassified to net income is included in other securities gains (losses), net in our consolidated statement of income. 
 (2) Amount reclassified to net income is included in net interest income in our consolidated statement of income. 
 (3) Amount amortized to net income is included in interest income in our consolidated statement of income. During 2014, we transferred securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. At the date of transfer, AOCI included net pretax unrealized losses related to the transferred securities which are being amortized over the remaining contractual life of each security as an adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of any premium or discount. 
 
 44 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 11. 
 
 Trust and investment management fees Other fees and commissions: Account services Credit facilities Other fees Total other fees and commissions Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates Insurance (1) 
 Total fee income from contracts with customers Other non-fee revenue Total other revenues (2) 

(1) Included within other income (loss) in the consolidated statement of income. 
 (2) See Note 13, "Business Segments," for a reconciliation of total other revenues on a U.S. GAAP basis to other operating income for each business segment under the Group Reporting Basis. 
 Credit card fees, net We recognized interchange fees of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Credit card rewards program costs totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Deferred Fee Income 
 Information related to deferred fee income on loan commitments, revolving credit facilities and standby letters of credit is included in Note 16, "Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Assets and Repurchase Agreements," and Note 17, "Fair Value Measurements." Excluding these items, we had deferred fee income related to certain account service fees that are paid upfront and recognized over the service period and annual fees on credit cards which collectively was million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We expect to recognize this revenue over a remaining period of one year or less. 
 We do not use significant judgments in the determination of the amount and timing of fee income from contracts with customers. Additionally, costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers were immaterial. 
 45 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 12. 

Interest bearing deposits with banks Securities purchased under agreements to resell (1) 
 Trading assets Loans Other (2) 
 Total assets Liabilities: Deposits Trading liabilities Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Other (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 (1) Reflects purchases of securities under which other HSBC affiliates have agreed to repurchase. 
 (2) Other assets and other liabilities primarily consist of derivative balances associated with hedging activities and other miscellaneous account receivables and payables. Other assets also includes receivables from HSBC Bank plc associated with certain client share repurchase transactions. 
 
 46 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net interest expense ) ) ) ) Trading revenue (expense) ) ) ) Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates: HSBC Bank plc HSBC Markets (USA) Inc. ("HMUS") Other HSBC affiliates Total servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives ) Support services from HSBC affiliates: HSBC Technology Services (USA) Inc. ("HTSU") ) ) ) ) HMUS ) ) ) ) Other HSBC affiliates ) ) ) ) Total support services from HSBC affiliates ) ) ) ) Rental income from HSBC affiliates (1) 
 Stock based compensation expense (2) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) We receive rental income from our affiliates for certain office space, which is recorded as a component of occupancy expense, net in our consolidated statement of income. 
 (2) Employees may participate in one or more stock compensation plans sponsored by HSBC. These expenses are included in salaries and employee benefits in our consolidated statement of income. Certain employees are also eligible to participate in a defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement plans sponsored by HSBC North America which are discussed in Note 22, "Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits," in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Funding Arrangements with HSBC Affiliates: 
 We use HSBC affiliates to fund a portion of our borrowing and liquidity needs. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, long-term debt with affiliates reflected billion and billion, respectively, of borrowings from HSBC North America. The outstanding balances include: 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which matures in June 2025; 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which matures in September 2025; 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which matures in December 2027; 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which matures in December 2028; 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which matures in June 2030; and 
 billion of fixed-rate senior debt which was issued during the third quarter of 2024 and matures in September 2029. 
 We have a billion uncommitted line of credit with HSBC North America. The available borrowing capacity under this facility is fungible between HSBC USA, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. ("HSI") and HSBC North America, but total borrowings cannot collectively exceed billion at any time. We had outstanding borrowing under this credit facility at either September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 We also incur short-term borrowings with certain affiliates. In addition, certain affiliates have placed deposits with us. 
 
 47 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 HSBC North America 
 Other short-term affiliate lending Total loans 
 HMUS and subsidiaries We have extended loans and lines of credit, some of them uncommitted, to HMUS and its subsidiaries in the amount of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which billion and billion, respectively, was outstanding. The maturities of the outstanding balances range from overnight to one month. Each borrowing is re-evaluated prior to its maturity date and either extended or allowed to mature. 
 HSBC North America Under the billion uncommitted fungible line of credit with HSBC North America as discussed above, there was billion and billion outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The outstanding balance includes billion that matures in the fourth quarter of 2024 and million that matures in the second quarter of 2025. 
 We have extended lines of credit to various other HSBC affiliates totaling billion which did t have any outstanding balances at either September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Other short-term affiliate lending In addition to loans and lines extended to affiliates discussed above, from time to time we may extend loans to affiliates which are generally short term in nature. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and , respectively, of these loans outstanding. 
 Derivative contracts As part of a global HSBC strategy to offset interest rate or other market risks associated with certain securities, debt issues and derivative contracts with unaffiliated third parties, we routinely enter into derivative transactions with HSBC Bank plc and other HSBC affiliates. The notional value of derivative contracts related to these transactions was approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The net credit exposure (defined as the net fair value of derivative assets and liabilities, including any collateral received) related to the contracts was approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We account for these transactions on a mark to market basis, with the change in value of contracts with HSBC affiliates substantially offset by the change in value of related contracts entered into with unaffiliated third parties. 
 Services Provided Between HSBC Affiliates: 
 Under multiple service level agreements, we provide services to and receive services from various HSBC affiliates. These activities are summarized in Note 24, "Related Party Transactions," in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in these activities since December 31, 2023. 
 Other Transactions with HSBC Affiliates: 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had million of non-cumulative preferred stock issued and outstanding to HSBC North America. See Note 19, "Preferred Stock," in our 2023 Form 10-K for additional details. 
 
 48 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 13. 
 
 distinct operating segments: Global Banking ("GB"), Markets and Securities Services ("MSS"), and Global Banking and Markets Other ("GBM Other"), which are separately reported. There have been no changes in the basis of our segmentation as compared with the presentation in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Net interest income of each segment represents the difference between actual interest earned on assets and interest incurred on liabilities of the segment, adjusted for a funding charge or credit that includes both interest rate and liquidity components. Segments are charged a cost to fund assets (e.g., customer loans) and receive a funding credit for funds provided (e.g., customer deposits) based on equivalent market rates that incorporate both repricing (interest rate risk) and tenor (liquidity) characteristics. Net funding charges associated with MSS trading activities are reported within other operating income to align with the trading revenue generated by such activities. These net funding charges are reversed back into net interest income in the CC. The objective of these charges/credits is to transfer interest rate risk to one centralized unit in Markets Treasury. Markets Treasury income statement and balance sheet results are allocated to each of the global businesses based upon tangible equity levels and levels of any surplus liabilities. 
 Certain other revenue and operating expense amounts are also apportioned among the business segments based upon the benefits derived from the activity or the relationship of the activity to other segment activity. These inter-segment transactions have not been eliminated, and we generally account for them as if they were with third parties. 
 Our segment results are presented in accordance with HSBC Group accounting and reporting policies, which apply IFRSs as issued by the IASB. As a result, our segment results are prepared and presented using financial information prepared on the Group Reporting Basis as operating results are monitored and reviewed, trends are evaluated and decisions about allocating resources, such as employees, are primarily made on this basis. We continue, however, to monitor capital adequacy and report to regulatory agencies on a U.S. GAAP basis. 
 There have been no changes in the measurement of segment profit as compared with the presentation in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 In October 2024, HSBC announced plans to simplify its organizational structure effective January 1, 2025 to accelerate delivery against its strategic priorities. We are currently evaluating the impact of these plans on our financial reporting. To the extent we make changes to the financial information being reported to our management in the future, we will evaluate any impact such changes may have on our segment reporting. 
 A summary of significant differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis as they impact our results are summarized in Note 25, "Business Segments," in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes since December 31, 2023 in the differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis impacting our results. 
 ) ) ) Other operating income (expense) ) ) Total operating income (expense) ) ) Expected credit losses / provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Operating expenses Profit (loss) before income tax ) ) ) 
 49 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 ) ) ) Other operating income ) Total operating income (expense) ) ) Expected credit losses / provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Operating expenses Profit (loss) before income tax ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net interest income (expense) ) ) Other operating income (expense) ) ) Total operating income Expected credit losses / provision for credit losses ) ) Operating expenses Profit (loss) before income tax ) ) Balances at end of period: Total assets ) Total loans, net ) Goodwill Total deposits ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income (expense) ) ) ) Other operating income ) Total operating income (expense) ) ) Expected credit losses / provision for credit losses ) ) ) Operating expenses Profit (loss) before income tax ) ) ) Balances at end of period: Total assets ) Total loans, net ) Goodwill Total deposits ) 
 
 (1) Represents adjustments associated with differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis. 
 (2) Represents differences in financial statement presentation between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis. 

50 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 14. 

(2) 
 (2) 
 HSBC Bank USA Tier 1 capital ratio: HSBC USA HSBC Bank USA Total capital ratio: HSBC USA HSBC Bank USA Tier 1 leverage ratio: HSBC USA (2) 
 (2) 
 HSBC Bank USA Risk-weighted assets: (3) 
 HSBC USA HSBC Bank USA Adjusted quarterly average assets: (4) 
 HSBC USA HSBC Bank USA 
 (1) HSBC USA and HSBC Bank USA are categorized as "well-capitalized," as defined by their principal regulators. To be categorized as well-capitalized under regulatory guidelines, a banking institution must maintain capital equal to or in excess of the ratios reflected in the above table, and must not be subject to a directive, order, or written agreement to meet and maintain specific capital levels. 
 (2) There are no common equity Tier 1 or Tier 1 leverage ratio components in the definition of a well-capitalized bank holding company. The ratios shown are the regulatory minimums. 
 (3) Calculated using the Standardized Approach. 
 (4) Represents the Tier 1 leverage ratio denominator which reflects quarterly average assets adjusted for amounts permitted to be deducted from Tier 1 capital. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, HSBC USA received a common stock dividend of million from its subsidiary, HSBC Bank USA. 
 51 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 15. 

Interest, taxes and other liabilities Total 
 Low income housing limited liability partnership In 2009, all low income housing investments held by us at the time were transferred to a limited liability partnership ("LLP"). The LLP was created in order to ensure the utilization of future tax benefits from these low income housing tax projects. The LLP was deemed to be a VIE because it does not have sufficient equity investment at risk to finance its activities. Upon entering into this transaction, we concluded that we were the primary beneficiary of the LLP due to the nature of our continuing involvement and, as a result, we consolidate the LLP and report the assets of the LLP in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. The investments held by the LLP represent equity investments in the underlying low income housing partnerships. The LLP does not consolidate the underlying partnerships because it does not have the power to direct the activities of the partnerships that most significantly impact the economic performance of the partnerships. 
 We amortize our low income housing investments in proportion to the allocated tax benefits under the proportional amortization method and present the associated tax benefits net of investment amortization in income tax expense. 
 52 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Asset-backed financing SPEs Total At December 31, 2023 Limited partnership investments Asset-backed financing SPEs Total 
 Information on the types of VIEs with which we are involved, the nature of our involvement and the variable interests held in those entities is presented below. 
 Limited partnership investments We invest as a limited partner in partnerships that operate qualified affordable housing, renewable energy and community development projects. The returns of these investments are generated primarily from the tax benefits, including Federal tax credits and tax deductions from operating losses in the project companies. In addition, some of the investments help us comply with the Community Reinvestment Act. Certain limited partnership structures are considered to be VIEs because either (a) they do not have sufficient equity investment at risk or (b) the limited partners with equity at risk do not have substantive kick-out rights through voting rights or substantive participating rights over the general partner. As a limited partner, we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and do not consolidate them. Our investments in these partnerships are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The maximum exposure to loss shown in the table above represents our recorded investments as well as any outstanding funding commitments extended to the partnerships. 
 Asset-backed financing SPEs In 2023 and 2021, we sold portfolios of commercial real estate loans and provided loans to the third-party buyer sponsored SPEs for portions of the purchase prices. The SPEs are asset-backed financing entities that issued residual beneficial interests to third-party investors. The loans we provided to the SPEs are senior to the residual beneficial interests and are secured by the commercial real estate loans held by the SPEs. The SPEs are VIEs in which we have variable interests through our ownership of the loans, which are arm's-length transactions. We do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance. In addition, the VIEs are designed such that the residual interest holders absorb any expected loss and/or benefit that could be potentially significant to the VIEs and, therefore, we are not the primary beneficiaries. The maximum exposure to loss shown in the table above represents our recorded investments in the loans as well as any unfunded commitments without consideration of any recovery benefits from the value of the commercial real estate loans. 
 Third-party sponsored securitization entities We invest in asset-backed securities issued by third-party sponsored securitization entities which may be considered VIEs. The investments are transacted at arm's-length and decisions to invest are based on a credit analysis of the underlying collateral assets or the issuer. We are a passive investor in these issuers and do not have the power to direct the activities of these issuers. As such, we do not consolidate these securitization entities. Additionally, we do not have other involvements in servicing or managing the collateral assets or provide financial or liquidity support to these issuers which potentially give rise to risk of loss exposure. These investments are an integral part of the disclosure in Note 2, "Trading Assets and Liabilities," Note 3, "Securities," and Note 17, "Fair Value Measurements," and, therefore, are not disclosed in this note to avoid redundancy. Similarly, in the ordinary course of business, we also provide loans and loan commitments to third-party sponsored securitization entities which may be considered VIEs for which we generally have no other form of involvement. We do not have the power to direct the activities of these entities and do not consolidate these entities. These loans are reported and disclosed in Note 4, "Loans," in the same manner as all other loans. 
 In addition to the above, we have established and manage money market funds and non-money market mutual funds to provide customers with investment opportunities. As fund manager, we may be entitled to receive management fees based on the assets under management. We do not consolidate the funds because we do not absorb the majority of the expected future risk associated with the fund's assets, including interest rate, liquidity, credit and other relevant risks that are expected to affect the value of the assets. 
 53 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 16. 
 
 Financial standby letters of credit, net of participations (3)(4) 
 Performance standby letters of credit, net of participations (3)(4) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes million and million of notional issued for the benefit of HSBC affiliates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) For credit derivatives, the maximum loss is represented by the notional amounts without consideration of mitigating effects from collateral or recourse arrangements. 
 (3) Includes million and million of both financial and performance standby letters of credit issued for the benefit of HSBC affiliates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) For standby letters of credit, maximum loss represents losses to be recognized assuming the letters of credit have been fully drawn and the obligors have defaulted with zero recovery. 
 Credit-Risk Related Guarantees 
 Credit derivatives Credit derivatives are financial instruments that transfer the credit risk of a reference obligation from the credit protection buyer to the credit protection seller who is exposed to the credit risk without buying the reference obligation. We sell credit protection on underlying reference obligations (such as loans or securities) by entering into credit derivatives, primarily in the form of credit default swaps, with various institutions. We account for all credit derivatives at fair value. Where we sell credit protection to a counterparty that holds the reference obligation, the arrangement is effectively a financial guarantee on the reference obligation. Under a credit derivative contract, the credit protection seller will reimburse the credit protection buyer upon occurrence of a credit event (such as bankruptcy, insolvency, restructuring or failure to meet payment obligations when due) as defined in the derivative contract, in return for a periodic premium. Upon occurrence of a credit event, we will pay the counterparty the stated notional amount of the derivative contract and receive the underlying reference obligation. The recovery value of the reference obligation received could be significantly lower than its notional principal amount when a credit event occurs. 
 Certain derivative contracts are subject to master netting arrangements and related collateral agreements. A party to a derivative contract may demand that the counterparty post additional collateral in the event its net exposure exceeds certain predetermined limits and when the credit rating falls below a certain grade. We set the collateral requirements by counterparty such that the collateral covers various transactions and products, and is not allocated to specific individual contracts. 
 54 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Buy-protection credit derivative positions ) ) Net position (1) 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) Positions are presented net in the table above to provide a complete analysis of our risk exposure and depict the way we manage our credit derivative portfolio. The offset of the sell-protection credit derivatives against the buy-protection credit derivatives may not be legally binding in the absence of master netting agreements with the same counterparty. Furthermore, the credit loss triggering events for individual sell-protection credit derivatives may not be the same or occur in the same period as those of the buy-protection credit derivatives thereby not providing an exact offset. 
 Standby letters of credit A standby letter of credit is issued to a third party for the benefit of a client and is a guarantee that the client will perform or satisfy certain obligations under a contract. It irrevocably obligates us to pay a specified amount to the third-party beneficiary if the client fails to perform the contractual obligation. We issue two types of standby letters of credit: performance and financial. A performance standby letter of credit is issued where the client is required to perform some non-financial contractual obligation, such as the performance of a specific act, whereas a financial standby letter of credit is issued where the client's contractual obligation is of a financial nature, such as the repayment of a loan or debt instrument. 
 The issuance of a standby letter of credit is subject to our credit approval process and collateral requirements. We charge fees for issuing letters of credit commensurate with the client's credit evaluation and the nature of any collateral. Included in other liabilities are deferred fees on standby letters of credit amounting to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Also included in other liabilities is an allowance for credit losses on unfunded standby letters of credit of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Index credit derivatives Subtotal Standby letters of credit (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) The credit ratings in the table represent external credit ratings for classification as investment grade and non-investment grade. 
 (2) External ratings for most of the obligors are not available. Presented above are the internal credit ratings which are developed using similar methodologies and rating scale equivalent to external credit ratings for purposes of classification as investment grade and non-investment grade. 
 Our internal credit ratings are determined based on HSBC's risk rating systems and processes which assign a credit grade based on a scale which ranks the risk of default of a client. The credit grades are assigned and used for managing risk and determining level of credit exposure appetite based on the client's operating performance, liquidity, capital structure and debt service ability. In addition, we also incorporate subjective judgments into the risk rating process concerning such things as industry trends, comparison of performance to industry peers and perceived quality of management. We compare our internal risk ratings to outside external rating agency benchmarks, where possible, at the time of formal review and regularly monitor whether our risk ratings are comparable to the external ratings benchmark data. 
 A non-investment grade rating of a referenced obligor has a negative impact to the fair value of the credit derivative and increases the likelihood that we will be required to perform under the credit derivative contract. We employ market-based parameters and, where possible, use the observable credit spreads of the referenced obligors as measurement inputs in 
 55 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The swap agreements we entered into with the purchaser require us to (a) make periodic payments, calculated by reference to the market price of Class A Shares, (b) make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of Class B Shares into Class A Shares and (c) for exchanged shares, make payments based on the number of shares sold by the purchaser. We have entered into total return swap positions to economically hedge the periodic payments made under these swap agreements. The payments under the derivatives will continue until the related litigation is settled and the remaining Class B Shares are able to be converted into Class A Shares. The fair value of the swap agreements is estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology and is dependent upon the final resolution of the related litigation. Changes in fair value between periods are recognized in other income (loss). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded losses of million and million, respectively, primarily related to extending the expected timing of the final resolution of the related litigation and a change in the Visa Class B share conversion rate compared with losses of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 8, "Derivative Financial Instruments," for further information. 
 Clearing houses and exchanges We are a member of various exchanges and clearing houses that trade and clear securities and/or derivatives contracts. Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, members of a clearing house may be required to contribute to a guaranty fund to backstop members' obligations to the clearing house. As a member, we may be required to pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member who defaults on its obligations to the exchange or the clearing house. Our guarantee obligations would arise only if the exchange or clearing house had exhausted its resources. Any potential contingent liability under these membership agreements cannot be estimated. 
 Lease Obligations We are obligated under a number of noncancellable operating leases for premises and equipment. See Note 12, "Leases," in our 2023 Form 10-K for a full discussion of our leases, including a maturity analysis of our operating lease liabilities. During the second quarter of 2024, we modified the lease for our new U.S. headquarters to include additional office space which resulted in an increase to the lease right-of-use ("ROU") asset and a corresponding increase to the operating lease liability of million. 
 Mortgage Loan Repurchase Obligations We originate and sell mortgage loans to third parties and provide various representations and warranties related to, among other things, the ownership of the loans, the validity of the liens, the loan selection and origination process, and the compliance to the origination criteria established by the government agencies. In the event of a breach of our representations and warranties, we may be obligated to repurchase the loans with identified defects or to indemnify the buyers. Our contractual obligation arises only when the breach of representations and warranties are discovered and repurchase is demanded. 
 In estimating our repurchase liability arising from breaches of representations and warranties, we consider historical losses on residual risks not covered by settlement agreements adjusted for any risk factors not captured in the historical losses as well as the level of outstanding repurchase demands received. Outstanding repurchase demands received were immaterial at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Our estimated repurchase liability for obligations arising from the breach of representations and warranties associated with mortgage loans sold was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Our repurchase liability represents our best estimate of the loss that has been incurred, including interest, arising from breaches of representations and warranties associated with mortgage loans sold. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase losses is dependent upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other external risk factors such as housing market trends that 
 56 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 and million at September 30, 2024. This estimated range of reasonably possible losses was determined primarily based upon modifying the assumptions utilized in our best estimate of probable losses to reflect what we believe to be reasonably possible adverse assumptions. 
 Securitization Activity In addition to the repurchase risk described above, we have also been involved as a sponsor/seller of loans used to facilitate whole loan securitizations underwritten by our affiliate, HSI. In this regard, we began acquiring residential mortgage loans in 2005 which were warehoused on our balance sheet with the intent of selling them to HSI to facilitate HSI's whole loan securitization program which was discontinued in 2007. During 2005-2007, we purchased and sold billion of such loans to HSI which were subsequently securitized and sold by HSI to third parties. See "Mortgage Securitization Matters" in Note 30, "Litigation and Regulatory Matters," in our 2023 Form 10-K for additional discussion of related exposure. The outstanding principal balance on these loans was approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Pledged Assets 
 Trading assets (2) 
 Securities available-for-sale (3) 
 Securities held-to-maturity (3) 
 Loans (4) 
 Other assets (5) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Represents gross amount of cash on deposit with banks primarily related to derivative collateral-support agreements, of which a majority has been netted against derivative liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Trading assets are primarily pledged against liabilities associated with repurchase agreements. 
 (3) Securities are primarily pledged against derivatives, public fund deposits, trust deposits and various short-term and long term borrowings, as well as providing capacity for potential secured borrowings from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 (4) Loans are primarily residential mortgage loans pledged against current and potential borrowings from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 (5) Represents gross amount of cash on deposit with non-banks primarily related to derivative collateral support agreements, of which a majority has been netted against derivative liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Debt securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements that can be sold or repledged by the secured party continue to be reported on the consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of securities available-for-sale that could be sold or repledged was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of trading assets that could be sold or repledged was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The fair value of collateral we accepted under security resale agreements but was not reported on the consolidated balance sheet was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of this collateral, million and million could be sold or repledged at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, had been sold or repledged as collateral under repurchase agreements or to cover short sales. 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 We enter into purchases of securities under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and sales of securities under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements) identical or substantially the same securities. Resale and repurchase agreements are accounted for as secured lending and secured borrowing transactions, respectively. 
 Repurchase agreements may require us to deposit cash or other collateral with the lender. In connection with resale agreements, it is our policy to obtain possession of collateral, which may include the securities purchased, with market value in excess of the principal amount loaned. The market value of the collateral subject to the resale and repurchase agreements is regularly 
 57 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Liabilities: Securities sold under repurchase agreements At December 31, 2023 Assets: Securities purchased under resale agreements Liabilities: Securities sold under repurchase agreements 
 
 (1) Represents recognized amount of resale and repurchase agreements with counterparties subject to legally enforceable netting agreements that meet the applicable netting criteria as permitted by generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (2) Represents securities received or pledged to cover financing transaction exposures. 
 (3) Represents the amount of our exposure that is not collateralized / covered by pledged collateral. 
 At December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government sponsored and U.S. Government agency securities 
 
 58 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 17. 
 
 59 

HSBC USA Inc. 

60 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Debt securities issued by foreign entities Equity securities Precious metals trading Derivatives: (2) 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Precious metals contracts Credit contracts Other contracts (3) 
 Derivatives netting ) ) Total derivatives ) Securities available-for-sale: (4) 
 U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agencies and sponsored enterprises Asset-backed securities: Home equity Other Debt securities issued by foreign entities Loans (5) 
 Loans held for sale (5) 
 Other assets: Mortgage servicing rights Equity securities Equity securities measured at net asset value (6) 
 Total assets ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (5) 
 Trading liabilities, excluding derivatives Derivatives: (2) 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Precious metals contracts Credit contracts Other contracts (3) 
 Derivatives netting ) ) Total derivatives ) Long-term debt (5) 
 Total liabilities ) 
 
 61 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Debt securities issued by foreign entities Equity securities Precious metals trading Derivatives: (2) 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Precious metals contracts Credit contracts Other contracts (3) 
 Derivatives netting ) ) Total derivatives ) Securities available-for-sale: (4) 
 U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agencies and sponsored enterprises Asset-backed securities: Home equity Other Debt securities issued by foreign entities Loans (5) 
 Loans held for sale (5) 
 Other assets: Mortgage servicing rights Equity securities Equity securities measured at net asset value (6) 
 Other (5)(7) 
 Total assets ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (5) 
 Trading liabilities, excluding derivatives Derivatives: (2) 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Precious metals contracts Credit contracts Other contracts (3) 
 Derivatives netting ) ) Total derivatives ) Long-term debt (5) 
 Other liabilities (5)(7) 
 Total liabilities ) 
 
 (1) Represents counterparty and cash collateral netting which allow the offsetting of amounts relating to certain contracts if certain conditions are met. 
 (2) Includes trading derivative assets of million and million and trading derivative liabilities of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as well as derivatives held for hedging and other non-qualifying economic hedging activities. See Note 8, "Derivative Financial Instruments," for additional information. Excluding changes in fair value of a derivative instrument associated with a qualifying cash flow hedge, which are recognized initially in other comprehensive income (loss), derivative assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value through net income. 
 (3) Consists of swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares. 
 (4) Securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the allowance for credit losses on securities available-for-sale are recorded through net income. 
 62 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Information on Level 3 assets and liabilities) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts ) ) Credit contracts ) ) Other contracts (2) 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities available-for-sale (3) 
 ) Loans held for sale (4) 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (5) 
 ) ) ) Total assets ) ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Long-term debt (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 63 

HSBC USA Inc. ) Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts ) ) ) Credit contracts ) ) ) ) ) Other contracts (2) 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities available-for-sale (3) 
 ) Loans held for sale (4) 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (5) 
 ) ) ) Total assets ) ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Long-term debt (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 64 

HSBC USA Inc. ) Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts ) ) ) ) Credit contracts Other contracts (2) 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities available-for-sale (3) 
 ) ) ) Loans held for sale (4) 
 ) Mortgage servicing rights (5) 
 ) ) Total assets ) ) ) ) ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (4) 
 ) ) ) Long-term debt (4) 
 ) ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 65 

HSBC USA Inc. ) Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts ) ) ) Credit contracts Other contracts (2) 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities available-for-sale (3) 
 ) ) ) Loans held for sale (4) 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (5) 
 ) ) ) Total assets ) ) ) ) Liabilities: Domestic deposits (4) 
 ) ) ) Long-term debt (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Level 3 net derivatives included derivative assets of million and derivative liabilities of million at September 30, 2024 and derivative assets of million and derivative liabilities of million at September 30, 2023. Gains (losses) on derivatives, net are predominantly included in trading revenue and gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives in the consolidated statement of income. 
 (2) Consists of swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares. Gains (losses) on these swap agreements are included in other income (loss) in the consolidated statement of income. 
 (3) Realized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale are included in other securities gains (losses), net in the consolidated statement of income. Changes in the allowance for credit losses on securities available-for-sale are included in the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statement of income. Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale are included in other comprehensive income (loss) . 
 (4) Excluding unrealized gains (losses) on fair value option liabilities attributable to our own credit spread, which are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), gains (losses) on fair value option assets and liabilities are included in gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives in the consolidated statement of income. 
 
 66 

HSBC USA Inc. Market comparable adjusted for probability to fund and, where applicable, option pricing model Probability to fund for rate lock commitments - 
 Interest rate yield curve 
 N/A Foreign exchange derivative contracts Option pricing model Cross-currency basis )bps 
 N/A Equity derivative contracts (2) 
 Option pricing model Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Equity forward price - 
 Credit derivative contracts ) Option pricing model and, where applicable, discounted cash flows Credit default swap spreads bps - bps 
 bps Other derivative contracts ) Discounted cash flows Conversion rate times N/A Expected duration years N/A Asset-backed securities available-for-sale Discounted cash flows Market assumptions related to yields for comparable instruments - 
 Loans held for sale Market comparables and internal assumptions Adjusted market price - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rates - 
 Discount rate - 
 Estimated annualized costs to service - per account 
 per account 
 Domestic deposits (structured deposits) (2)(3) 
 ) Option adjusted discounted cash flows Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Long-term debt (structured notes) (2)(3) 
 ) Option adjusted discounted cash flows Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Credit default swap spreads bps NA 
 
 67 

HSBC USA Inc. Market comparable adjusted for probability to fund and, where applicable, option pricing model Probability to fund for rate lock commitments - 
 Interest rate yield curve 
 N/A Foreign exchange derivative contracts Option pricing model Cross-currency basis bps N/A Equity derivative contracts (2) 
 Option pricing model Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Equity forward price - 
 Credit derivative contracts Option pricing model and, where applicable, discounted cash flows Credit default swap spreads bps - bps 
 bps Other derivative contracts ) Discounted cash flows Conversion rate times N/A Expected duration year 
 N/A Asset-backed securities available-for-sale 
 Discounted cash flows Market assumptions related to yields for comparable instruments - 
 Loans held for sale Market comparables and internal assumptions Adjusted market price - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rates - 
 Discount rate - 
 Estimated annualized costs to service - per account 
 per account 
 Domestic deposits (structured deposits) (2)(3) 
 ) Option adjusted discounted cash flows Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Long-term debt (structured notes) (2)(3) 
 ) Option adjusted discounted cash flows Equity / Equity Index volatility - 
 Equity / Equity and Equity / Index correlation - 
 Credit default swap spreads bps NA 
 
 (1) For equity derivatives, credit derivatives, structured deposits and structured notes, weighted averages are calculated based on the fair value of the instruments. For all remaining instrument types, weighted averages are calculated based on the notional value of the instruments. 
 (2) We are the client-facing entity and, except for structured notes and deposits with embedded credit derivative features, we enter into identical but opposite derivatives to transfer the resultant risks to our affiliates. With the exception of counterparty credit risks, we are market risk neutral in substantially all of the structured notes and deposits. The corresponding intra-group derivatives are presented as equity derivatives in the table. 
 (3) Structured deposits and structured notes contain embedded derivative features whose fair value measurements contain significant Level 3 inputs. See equity derivatives and credit derivatives below for a discussion of the uncertainty of Level 3 inputs related to structured deposits and structured notes. 
 N/A Not Applicable 
 Uncertainty of Level 3 Inputs to Fair Value Measurements 
 Interest rate derivatives - For mortgage rate lock commitments, the fair value measurement is affected by the probability of executing and funding the mortgage. An increase (decrease) in the likelihood of a mortgage being executed would have resulted in a lower (higher) fair value measurement of the interest rate derivative. For certain other interest rate derivatives, the interest rates for longer dated tenors were not observable. An increase (decrease) in the interest rate would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value measurement of the derivative depending on if we receive or pay the floating rate. 
 Foreign exchange derivatives - For certain foreign exchange derivatives, the cross-currency basis for longer dated tenors were not observable. An increase (decrease) in the cross-currency basis would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value measurement of the derivative depending on if we receive or pay the floating rate plus the basis spread. 
 Equity derivatives - For certain equity derivatives, particularly those with long-dated maturities and/or strike values far from at-the-money, volatility can be unobservable. A significant increase (decrease) in the implied volatility would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value of a long position in the derivative contract. For a derivative referenced to a basket of equities, the fair value measurement is also affected by the correlation of the referenced equities. Correlation measures the relative change in values among two or more variables (i.e., equity pair), which can be positively or negatively correlated. The majority of the correlations are not observable. A significant increase (decrease) in the correlation of the referenced variables would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value of a long position in the derivative contract. In addition, for the majority of unlisted 
 68 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 million and million, respectively, of domestic deposits and million and million, respectively, of long-term debt, which we have elected to carry at fair value, from Level 3 to Level 2 as a result of the embedded derivative no longer being unobservable as the derivative option is closer to maturity and there is more observability in short term volatility. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we also transferred million and million, respectively, of commercial loans held for sale and million and million, respectively, of equity derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2 as the inputs used to value these loans and derivative contracts have become more observable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we transferred million and million, respectively, of long-term debt, which we elected to carry at fair value, from Level 2 to Level 3 as a result of a change in the observability of underlying inputs that resulted in the embedded derivative being unobservable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we also transferred million and million, respectively, of commercial loans held for sale from Level 2 to Level 3 as the inputs used to value these loans have become less observable. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we transferred million and million, respectively, of domestic deposits and million and million, respectively, of long-term debt, which we have elected to carry at fair value, from Level 3 to Level 2 as a result of the embedded derivative no longer being unobservable as the derivative option is closer to maturity and there is more observability in short term volatility. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we transferred million and million, respectively, of long-term debt, which we elected to carry at fair value, from Level 2 to Level 3 as a result of a change in the observability of underlying inputs that resulted in the embedded derivative being unobservable. During the third quarter of 2023, we also transferred million of commercial loans held for sale from Level 2 to Level 3 as the inputs used to value these loans have become less observable. 
 69 

HSBC USA Inc. 

Commercial loans held for sale Commercial loans (2) 
 ) Leases (3) 
 ) Total assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 ) 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 
 Total Gains (Losses) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total Gains (Losses) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Consumer loans (1) 
 Commercial loans held for sale ) Commercial loans (2) 
 ) ) Leases (3) 
 ) Total assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 ) 
 
 (1) Represents residential mortgage loans held for investment whose carrying amount was adjusted during the period based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 (2) Certain commercial loans are individually assessed for impairment. We measure the credit impairment of a collateral-dependent loan based on the fair value of the collateral asset. The collateral often involves real estate properties that are illiquid due to market conditions. As a result, these loans are classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (3) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we wrote down lease ROU assets associated with the exit of our previous U.S. headquarters. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we wrote down lease ROU assets and leasehold improvement assets associated with the exit of certain office space. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs for Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Valuation of third-party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 
 At December 31, 2023 Financial Instrument Type Fair Value (in millions) Valuation Technique(s) Significant Unobservable Inputs Range of Inputs Weighted Average (1) 
 Commercial loans Valuation of third-party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 

(1) Weighted average is calculated based on the carrying value of the loans. 
 70 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 71 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 BBB - B Other 
 
 (1) We utilize S P as the primary source of credit ratings in the tables above. If S P ratings are not available, ratings by Moody's and Fitch are used in that order. 
 Derivatives Derivatives are recorded at fair value. Asset and liability positions in individual derivatives that are covered by legally enforceable master netting agreements, including receivables (payables) for cash collateral posted (received), are offset and presented net in accordance with accounting principles which allow the offsetting of amounts. 
 Derivatives traded on an exchange are valued using quoted prices. OTC derivatives, which comprise a majority of derivative contract positions, are valued using valuation techniques. The fair value for the majority of our derivative instruments are determined based on internally developed models that utilize independently corroborated market parameters, including interest rate yield curves, option volatilities, and currency rates. For complex or long-dated derivative products where market data is not available, fair value may be affected by the underlying assumptions about, among other things, the timing of cash flows, expected exposure, probability of default and recovery rates. The fair values of certain structured derivative products are sensitive to unobservable inputs such as correlations of the referenced variables and volatilities of embedded options. These estimates are susceptible to significant change in future periods as market conditions change. 
 We typically use the risk-free rate/overnight indexed swap curves as the base discounting curve for measuring the fair value of all derivatives, both collateralized and uncollateralized, and apply a FFVA to reflect the estimated present value of the future market funding cost or benefit associated with funding uncollateralized derivative exposure at an unsecured market funding rate. The FFVA is calculated by applying future market funding spreads to the expected future funding exposure of any uncollateralized component of the OTC derivative portfolio. The expected future funding exposure is calculated by a simulation methodology, where available, and is adjusted for events that may terminate the exposure, such as the default of HUSI or the counterparty. 
 Significant inputs related to derivative classes are broken down as follows: 
 Credit Derivatives Use credit default curves and recovery rates which are generally provided by broker quotes and various pricing services. Certain credit derivatives may also use correlation inputs in their model valuation. 
 Interest Rate Derivatives Swaps use interest rate curves based on currency that are actively quoted by brokers and other pricing services. Options will also use volatility inputs which are also quoted in the broker market. 
 Foreign Exchange ("FX") Derivatives FX transactions, to the extent possible, use spot and forward FX rates which are quoted in the broker market. Where applicable, we also use implied volatility of currency pairs as inputs. 
 Equity Derivatives Use listed equity security pricing and implied volatilities from equity traded options position. 
 Precious Metal Derivatives Use spot and forward metal rates which are quoted in the broker market. 
 As discussed earlier, we make fair value adjustments to model valuations in order to ensure that those values represent appropriate estimates of fair value. These adjustments, which are applied consistently over time, are generally required to reflect factors such as bid-ask spreads and counterparty credit risk that can affect prices in arms-length transactions with unrelated third parties. Such adjustments are based on management judgment and may not be observable. 
 We estimate the counterparty credit risk for financial assets and our own credit standing for financial liabilities (the "credit valuation adjustments") in determining the fair value measurement. For derivative instruments, we calculate the credit valuation adjustment by applying the probability of default of the counterparty to the expected exposure, and multiplying the result by the expected loss given default. We also take into consideration the risk mitigating factors including collateral agreements and master netting agreements in determining credit valuation adjustments. We estimate the implied probability of default based on the credit spread of the specific counterparty observed in the credit default swap market. Where credit default spread of the counterparty is not available, we use the credit default spread of a specific proxy (e.g., the credit default swap spread of the counterparty's parent) or a proxy based on credit default swaps referencing to credit names of similar credit standing. 
 72 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 days to reflect observable local market data, including local area sales data. 
 Mortgage servicing rights - Mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value. The fair value for the mortgage servicing rights is determined based on a single rate path cash flow analysis approach which involves discounting servicing cash flows under static interest rate projections at risk-adjusted rates. The valuation model also incorporates our best estimates of the prepayment speed of the mortgage loans, current cost to service and discount rates which are unobservable. 
 Client share repurchase transactions designated under FVO - We elected to apply FVO accounting to certain client share repurchase transactions. The fair value of the assets and liabilities associated with these transactions is determined based on the value of the remaining shares to be delivered. 
 Structured notes and deposits designated under FVO Structured notes and deposits are hybrid instruments containing embedded derivatives and are elected to be measured at fair value in their entirety under FVO accounting principles. The valuation of hybrid instruments is predominantly driven by the derivative features embedded within the instruments and our own credit risk. The valuation of embedded derivatives may include significant unobservable inputs such as correlation of the referenced credit names or volatility of the embedded option. Cash flows of the funded notes and deposits in their entirety, including the embedded derivatives, are discounted at the relevant interest rates for the duration of the instrument adjusted for our own credit spreads. The credit spreads so applied are determined with reference to our own debt issuance rates observed in primary and secondary markets, internal funding rates, and the structured note rates in recent executions. 
 Long-term debt designated under FVO We elected to apply FVO accounting to certain of our own debt issuances for which fair value hedge accounting otherwise would have been applied. These own debt issuances elected under FVO are traded in secondary markets and, as such, the fair value is determined based on observed prices for the specific instrument. The observed market price of these instruments reflects the effect of our own credit spreads. The credit spreads applied to these instruments were derived from the spreads at the measurement date. 
 Additional Disclosures About the Fair Value of Financial Instruments that are Not Carried at Fair Value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet The fair value estimates set forth below are made solely to comply with disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in this report. 
 The carrying amount of certain financial instruments recorded at cost on the consolidated balance sheet is considered to approximate fair value because they are short-term in nature, bear interest rates that approximate market rates, and generally have negligible credit risk. These items include cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with banks, customer acceptance assets and liabilities, federal funds sold and purchased, securities purchased and sold under resale and repurchase agreements, deposits with no stated maturity (e.g., demand, savings and certain money market deposits), short-term borrowings and dividends payable. 
 73 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses Commercial loans, net of allowance for credit losses Commercial loans held for sale Consumer loans, net of allowance for credit losses Consumer loans held for sale Financial liabilities: Short-term financial liabilities Deposits Long-term debt 
 December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in millions) Financial assets: Short-term financial assets, net of allowance for credit losses Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses Commercial loans, net of allowance for credit losses Commercial loans held for sale Consumer loans, net of allowance for credit losses Financial liabilities: Short-term financial liabilities Deposits Long-term debt 
 Lending-related commitments - The fair value of loan commitments, revolving credit facilities and standby letters of credit are not included in the above table. The majority of the lending-related commitments are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis nor are they actively traded. These instruments generate fees, which approximate those currently charged to originate similar commitments, which are recognized over the term of the commitment period. Deferred fees on loan commitments, revolving credit facilities and standby letters of credit totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 74 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 18. 
 
 million for HUSI. The legal matters underlying this estimate of possible loss will change from time to time and actual results may differ significantly from this current estimate. 
 Given the substantial or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters, and the inherent unpredictability of such matters, an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in any particular quarterly or annual period. 
 Foreign Exchange ("FX") Matters 
 Plaintiffs did not seek further appeal from dismissal of Nypl v. JPMorgan Chase, et al.; (Case No. 1:15-CV-9300). 
 Precious Metals Fix Matters 

75 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 19. 
 
 There have been no additional accounting pronouncements issued that are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters discussed throughout this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, we may make or approve certain statements in future filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), in press releases, or oral or written presentations by representatives of HSBC USA Inc. ("HSBC USA" and, together with its subsidiaries, "HUSI") that are not statements of historical fact and may also constitute forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "would," "could," "appears," "believe," "intends," "expects," "estimates," "targeted," "plans," "anticipates," "goal," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but should not be considered as the only means through which these statements may be made. These matters or statements will relate to our future operations, strategy, financial condition, economic forecast, results of operations, plans, objectives, performance or business developments and will involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from that which was expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements: 
 our ability to effectively implement and deliver on our business strategies, and the effect implementation of our business strategy may have on our financial results, operations and relationships with our customers, regulators, employees and other stakeholders; 
 uncertainty concerning the future market and economic conditions in the United States and abroad, including but not limited to, changes in interest rates, energy prices, inflation, supply chain issues, a decline in housing prices, the availability of credit and liquidity, unemployment levels, turmoil in the financial markets and related efforts of government agencies to stabilize the financial system, changes in consumer confidence and consumer spending and behavior, consumer perception as to the continuing availability of credit and price competition in the market segments we serve and the consequences of unexpected geopolitical events, such as trade disputes; 
 compliance with the Chinese National Security Law and the Hong Kong Autonomy Act, which may impact, among other things, individuals or entities with which we are able to conduct business; 
 changes in laws and regulatory requirements; 
 the potential impact of any legal, regulatory or policy changes affecting financial institutions and the global economy as a result of changes by the current or future administrations; 
 the ability to deliver on our regulatory priorities; 
 capital and liquidity requirements under Basel guidance, the Federal Reserve Board's ("FRB") Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ("CCAR") program, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 ("Dodd-Frank Act" or "Dodd-Frank") stress testing ("DFAST"), including the U.S. FRB requirements for U.S. global systemically important banks ("G-SIBs") and U.S. intermediate holding companies ("IHCs") owned by non-U.S. G-SIBs to issue total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") instruments; 
 regulatory requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the future orderly resolution of large financial institutions; 
 changes in central banks' policies with respect to the provision or removal of liquidity support to financial markets; 
 the ability of HSBC Holdings plc ("HSBC" and, together with its subsidiaries, "HSBC Group") and HSBC Bank USA, National Association (together with its subsidiaries, "HSBC Bank USA") to fulfill the requirements imposed by a consent order or guidance from regulators generally; 
 the use of us, or our affiliates, as a conduit for illegal activities without our knowledge by third parties; 
 the ability to successfully manage our risks; 
 the financial condition of our clients and counterparties and our ability to manage counterparty risk; 
 concentrations of credit and market risk; 
 increases in our allowance for credit losses and changes in our assessment of our loan portfolios; 
 the ability to successfully implement changes to our operational practices as needed and/or required from time to time; 
 damage to our reputation; 
 77 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 the ability to attract or retain key employees, including foreign workers, and customers; 
 the effects of competition in the markets where we operate including increased competition from non-bank financial services companies, including securities firms; 
 the effects of operational risks that are inherent in banking operations, including fraudulent and other criminal activities, breakdowns in processes or procedures and systems failure or non-availability; 
 disruption in our and our third-party providers' and partners' operations resulting from technology failures, cyberattacks, and inadequate data management and consumer privacy protections; 
 the ability of third-party service providers and partners to provide adequate services; 
 risks associated with Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") matters such as climate change and human rights issues; 
 losses suffered due to the negligence, fraud or misconduct of our employees or the negligence, fraud or misconduct on the part of third parties; 
 a failure in our internal controls; 
 our ability to meet our funding requirements; 
 adverse changes to our credit ratings; 
 financial difficulties or credit downgrades of mortgage bond insurers; 
 changes in Financial Accounting Standards Board and International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") accounting standards and their interpretation; 
 heightened regulatory and government enforcement scrutiny of financial institutions, including in connection with product governance and sales practices, account opening and closing procedures, customer and employee complaints and sales compensation structures related to such practices; 
 possible negative impact of regulatory investigations and legal proceedings related to alleged foreign exchange manipulation; 
 heightened regulatory and government enforcement scrutiny of financial markets, with a particular focus on traded asset classes, including foreign exchange; 
 the possibility of incorrect assumptions or estimates in our financial statements, including reserves related to litigation, deferred tax assets and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities; 
 model limitations or failure; 
 the possibility of incorrect interpretations, application of or changes in tax laws to which we and our clients are subject; 
 unexpected and/or increased expenses relating to, among other things, litigation and regulatory matters, remediation efforts, penalties and fines; and 
 the other risk factors and uncertainties described under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 Form 10-K"). 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current views and assumptions and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent circumstances or events. You should, however, consider any additional disclosures of a forward-looking nature that arise after the date hereof as may be discussed in any of our subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 78 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Executive Overview 
 
 HSBC USA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. ("HSBC North America"), which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC. HUSI may also be referred to in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") as "we," "us" or "our." 
 Economic Environment The U.S. economy continued to grow during the first nine months of 2024 despite continued pressures from inflation and elevated interest rates. U.S. Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") is currently forecast to grow at an annual rate in excess of 2.9 percent in the third quarter of 2024, while the personal consumption expenditures price index is currently forecast to further decline in September 2024, showing additional progress towards achieving the FRB's target inflation rate. However, while unemployment rates have remained low during the first nine months of 2024, the total unemployment rate increased to 4.1 percent at September 2024 as compared with 3.7 percent at December 2023. In September 2024, the FRB cut short-term interest rates by 50 basis points and indicated that additional rate decreases in the fourth quarter of 2024 are likely depending upon future economic conditions. 
 Although the U.S. economy continued to grow during the third quarter of 2024, economic uncertainty remains due to elevated interest rates and the effects from higher inflation, which will continue to impact our business in future periods. Concerns over domestic and global policy issues, trade policy in the U.S. and geopolitical events, including the turmoil in the Middle East, as well as the implications of those events on the markets in general, further add to the global uncertainty. Interest rate levels, inflation, unemployment levels and economic growth, in combination with global economic conditions, fiscal and monetary policy and the level of regulatory and government scrutiny of financial institutions will continue to impact our results in 2024 and beyond. 
 Performance, Developments and Trends As previously disclosed, in November 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") issued a final rule that imposes a special assessment on certain FDIC-insured banks, including HSBC Bank USA, to recover the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF") arising from the protection of uninsured depositors following a determination of systemic risk in connection with the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. This resulted in additional deposit insurance assessment fees of 243 million being accrued in 2023. Because the estimated loss to the DIF will be periodically adjusted as actual losses are incurred, the FDIC retains the ability to cease collection early, extend the special assessment collection period beyond the initial eight-quarter collection period, or impose a final shortfall special assessment after the receiverships for the two banks are terminated. During the first half of 2024, the FDIC informed banks who are required to fund the shortfall in the DIF that the estimated loss has increased and it projects that the special assessment will be collected for an additional two quarters beyond the initial eight-quarter collection period at a rate that reflects estimated changes in the special assessment. During the third quarter of 2024, the FDIC informed banks that the estimated loss had decreased. As a result, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, we released 8 million of deposit insurance special assessment fees to reflect our updated special assessment amount while, in the year-to-date period, we increased our accrual by 34 million. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we sold certain U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities classified as available-for-sale with a total carrying value of 2,130 million and realized a loss of 148 million. These securities were sold to manage our exposure to the changing interest rate environment as part of our continuing strategy to maximize returns while balancing the securities portfolio for risk management purposes. We have reinvested the proceeds into higher yielding U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities classified as held-to-maturity. 
 
 79 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 The following tables set forth selected financial metrics of HUSI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars are in millions) Net income 88 182 482 550 Rate of return on average: Total assets .2 .4 .4 .4 Common equity 3.0 6.3 5.5 6.0 Tangible common equity (1) 
 3.1 6.5 5.7 6.3 Total equity 2.9 6.1 5.5 6.0 Net interest margin 1.13 .95 1.10 1.12 Efficiency ratio 86.8 74.0 75.9 71.4 Commercial net charge-off ratio (2) 
 .05 .31 .18 .11 Consumer net charge-off ratio (2) 
 .02 .04 
 
 (1) The following table provides a reconciliation of average common equity to average tangible common equity: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Common equity 11,745 11,484 11,530 12,003 Less: Goodwill 458 458 458 458 Tangible common equity 11,287 11,026 11,072 11,545 
 (2) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Additional Select Ratios: Allowance as a percent of loans (1) 
 .88 1.00 Commercial allowance as a percent of loans (1) 
 1.29 1.44 Consumer allowance as a percent of loans (1) 
 .08 .09 Loans to deposits ratio (2) 
 50.43 48.43 Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 13.0 13.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 13.3 13.3 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 15.5 15.7 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.2 7.7 Total equity to total assets 7.4 6.9 
 
 (1) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 (2) Represents period end loans, net of allowance for loan losses, as a percentage of total deposits. 
 Net income was 88 million and 482 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 182 million and 550 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Income before income tax was 115 million and 611 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 239 million and 725 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in income before income tax during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was due primarily to lower other revenues driven by the loss realized in the third quarter of 2024 from the sale of certain available-for-sale securities for risk management purposes as discussed above and lower trading revenue. Also contributing to the decrease, to a lesser extent, were higher operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by higher net interest income. 
 In the year-to-date period, the decrease in income before income tax was due primarily to higher operating expenses, including the additional deposit insurance special assessment fees which were accrued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as discussed above. Also contributing to the decrease, to a lesser extent, were lower net interest income and lower other revenues. The decrease in other revenues was driven by the loss realized from the sale of certain available-for-sale securities for 
 80 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 risk management purposes as discussed above which was partially offset by increases in other income, servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates, and other fees and commissions. These decreases were partially offset by a lower provision for credit losses. 
 See "Results of Operations" for a more detailed discussion of our operating trends. In addition, see "Balance Sheet Review" for further discussion on our asset and liability trends, "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for further discussion on funding and capital and "Credit Quality" for additional discussion on our credit trends. 
 In March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules that will require registrants to disclose climate-related information in registration statements and annual reports, including material climate-related risks, descriptions of board oversight and risk management activities, the material impacts of these risks on a registrant's strategy, business model and outlook, and any material climate-related targets or goals. Non-accelerated filers such as HSBC USA will be exempt from the requirements to disclose Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Registrants will also have to disclose, among other things, certain effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions (e.g., hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding) relating to capitalized costs and charges, expenditures and losses in their audited financial statements. HSBC USA will be required to comply with the rules for fiscal years beginning January 1, 2027, with certain additional disclosure requirements becoming applicable for fiscal years beginning January 1, 2028. Following adoption of the rules, several lawsuits were filed challenging them and subsequently consolidated into the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The SEC issued an order in April 2024 to stay the rules pending the judicial review by the Eighth Circuit of the consolidated challenges. 

Basis of Reporting 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). 
 Group Reporting Basis We report financial information to HSBC in accordance with HSBC Group accounting and reporting policies, which apply International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") as issued by the IASB. As a result, our segment results are prepared and presented using financial information prepared on the basis of HSBC Group's accounting and reporting policies ("Group Reporting Basis"). Because operating results on the Group Reporting Basis are used in managing our businesses and rewarding performance of employees, our management also separately monitors profit before tax under this basis of reporting. The following table reconciles our U.S. GAAP versus Group Reporting Basis profit before tax: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Profit before tax U.S. GAAP basis 115 239 611 725 Adjustments: Expected credit losses (32) 8 (14) 4 Loans held for sale (6) (5) 28 Other long-lived assets 7 (2) 202 Renewable energy tax credit investments 5 4 13 13 Gain on transfer of precious metals trading client relationships to an affiliate 10 10 Other 3 (5) (3) Profit before tax Group Reporting Basis 91 257 603 979 
 The significant differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis as they impact our results are summarized in Note 25, "Business Segments," in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes since December 31, 2023 in the differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis impacting our results. Differences in reported profit before tax in the table above that were individually significant for the periods presented are explained below. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, expected credit losses were lower under U.S. GAAP than under the Group Reporting Basis. Under the Group Reporting Basis, a majority of our loans are considered to be in "stage 1" (which requires a 12-month expected credit losses ("ECL") estimate), while under U.S. GAAP such loans require a lifetime ECL estimate. Primarily as a result of the different requirements, releases in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures and for risk associated with large loan exposures were more pronounced under U.S. GAAP which, in the year-to-date period, was partially offset by higher loss provisions under U.S. GAAP associated with growth in innovation banking. 
 81 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we transferred certain loans to held for sale which under U.S. GAAP requires the loans to be carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value which resulted in lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustments on the loans. Under the Group Reporting Basis, loans held for sale continue to be accounted for and credit losses continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS 9, "Financial Instruments," with any gain or loss recorded at the time of sale. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, other long-lived assets in the table above reflects a reversal of 149 million of impairment charges under the Group Reporting Basis related to capitalized software and leasehold improvements primarily associated with our Wealth and Personal Banking business segment which were previously impaired and written-off. In 2020, we recorded an impairment charge under the Group Reporting Basis related to the write-off of all the capitalized software and a portion of the leasehold improvements, while under U.S. GAAP no impairment charge was required. Subsequent to recognition of the impairment charge in 2020, expenditures for software development and newly completed leasehold improvements in our Wealth and Personal Banking business segment were capitalized and amortized over their useful lives under U.S. GAAP, but not under the Group Reporting Basis. Consequently, the carrying amounts of capitalized software and leasehold improvements were higher under U.S. GAAP than under the Group Reporting Basis and, as a result, corresponding amortization expense was higher under U.S. GAAP. During the second quarter of 2023, we determined that the cash generating unit was no longer impaired under the Group Reporting Basis and that its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value, which resulted in the re-establishment of these assets at their recoverable amount net of amortization that would have been recorded had no impairment loss been recognized and excluding any assets that had since been sold. In addition, during the first half of 2023, we recorded 22 million of lease related impairment charges under U.S. GAAP primarily associated with the exit of certain office space, while under the Group Reporting Basis, impairment was recognized when we committed to vacate the space in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we transferred certain precious metals trading client relationships to an affiliate which under the Group Reporting Basis required the gain to be recorded in earnings. Under U.S. GAAP, since the transfer was between affiliates under common control, the gain was reflected as a capital transaction and recorded in common equity as a component of additional paid-in capital. See Note 25, "Business Segments," in our 2023 Form 10-K for additional discussion. 

Balance Sheet Review 
 
 The following table provides balance sheet totals at September 30, 2024 and increases (decreases) since December 31, 2023: 
 Increase (Decrease) From December 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amount (dollars are in millions) Period end assets: Short-term investments 33,369 (6,228) (15.7) Loans, net 61,467 3,071 5.3 Loans held for sale 744 405 Trading assets 21,707 (408) (1.8) Securities 43,180 2,408 5.9 All other assets 7,332 313 4.5 167,799 (439) (.3) Period end liabilities and equity: Total deposits 123,373 2,090 1.7 Trading liabilities 2,837 (648) (18.6) Short-term borrowings 7,653 (2,261) (22.8) Long-term debt 18,410 (251) (1.3) Interest, taxes and other liabilities 3,140 (116) (3.6) Total equity 12,386 747 6.4 167,799 (439) (.3) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 82 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Short-Term Investments Short-term investments include cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with banks and federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell. Balances may fluctuate from period to period depending upon our liquidity position at the time and our strategy for deploying liquidity. Short-term investments decreased compared with December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in funds driven primarily by higher loans and securities as well as lower short-term borrowings as discussed in detail below. These decreases were partially offset by higher deposits. 
 Loans, Net The following table summarizes our loan balances at September 30, 2024, excluding loans held for sale, and increases (decreases) since December 31, 2023: 
 Increase (Decrease) From December 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amount (dollars are in millions) Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction 
 6,795 (292) (4.1) Business and corporate banking 
 16,420 696 4.4 Global banking (1) 
 10,573 (152) (1.4) Other commercial (2) 
 7,327 906 14.1 Total commercial 
 41,115 1,158 2.9 Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 
 20,235 1,894 10.3 Home equity mortgages 
 393 4 1.0 Credit cards 185 (14) (7.0) Other consumer 86 (15) (14.9) Total consumer 20,899 1,869 9.8 Total loans 62,014 3,027 5.1 Allowance for credit losses (3) 
 547 (44) (7.4) Loans, net 61,467 3,071 5.3 
 
 (1) Represents large multinational firms including globally focused U.S. corporate and financial institutions, U.S. dollar lending to multinational banking clients managed by HSBC on a global basis and complex large business clients supported by Global Banking and Markets relationship managers. 
 (2) Includes loans to HSBC affiliates which totaled 3,784 million and 2,618 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) See "Credit Quality" in this MD A for a discussion of trends in our allowance for credit losses on loans. 
 Commercial loans increased compared with December 31, 2023 driven by higher loans to affiliates, while non-affiliate loans were flat as new business activity was offset by paydowns and maturities as we continued to apply a disciplined lending approach. The trend in commercial non-affiliate loans reflects decreases in the commercial services, technology, semiconductor and banking industries which were offset by increases in the real estate, software, food and beverage, and insurance industries. 
 Consumer loans increased compared with December 31, 2023 due to growth in residential mortgages, which we continue to target towards our globally connected affluent and high net worth clients. 
 The following table presents loan-to-value ("LTV") ratios for our residential mortgage loan portfolio, excluding mortgage loans held for sale: 
 LTV Ratios (1)(2) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 First Lien Second Lien First Lien Second Lien LTV 100 
 Average LTV for portfolio 49.8 46.6 49.5 46.3 
 
 (1) LTVs for first liens are calculated using the loan balance as of the reporting date. LTVs for second liens are calculated using the loan balance as of the reporting date plus the senior lien amount at origination. Current estimated property values are derived from the property's appraised value at the time of loan origination updated by the change in the Federal Housing Finance Agency's House Price Index ("HPI") at either a core-based statistical area or state 
 83 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 level. The estimated value of the homes could differ from actual fair values due to changes in condition of the underlying property, variations in housing price changes within metropolitan statistical areas and other factors. As a result, actual property values associated with loans that end in foreclosure may be significantly lower than the estimates used for purposes of this disclosure. 
 (2) Current estimated property values are calculated using the most current HPIs available and applied on an individual loan basis, which results in an approximate three month delay in the production of reportable statistics. Therefore, the information in the table above reflects current estimated property values using HPIs at June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Loans Held for Sale The following table summarizes loans held for sale at September 30, 2024 and increases (decreases) since December 31, 2023: 
 Increase (Decrease) From December 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amount (dollars are in millions) Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction 40 40 Business and corporate banking 12 12 Global banking 690 351 Total commercial 742 403 Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 2 2 Total consumer 2 2 Total loans held for sale 744 405 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 Commercial loans held for sale increased compared with December 31, 2023. Included in commercial loans held for sale are certain loans that we have elected to designate under the fair value option which consists of loans that we originate in connection with our participation in a number of syndicated credit facilities with the intent of selling them to unaffiliated third parties as well as loans that we purchase from the secondary market and hold as hedges against our exposure to certain total return swaps or intend to sell. The fair value of these loans totaled 673 million and 250 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Balances will fluctuate from period to period depending on the volume and level of activity. 
 Commercial loans held for sale also includes certain loans that we no longer intend to hold for investment and were transferred to held for sale which totaled 69 million and 89 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Consumer loans held for sale were relatively flat compared with December 31, 2023. Included in residential mortgage loans held for sale are agency-eligible conforming residential mortgage loans which are originated and held for sale to third parties, currently on a servicing retained basis. Balances will fluctuate from period to period depending on the volume and level of activity. Gains and losses from the sale of these residential mortgage loans are reflected as a component of other income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. 
 Excluding the loans designated under the fair value option discussed above, loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, with adjustments to fair value being recorded as a valuation allowance through other revenues. The valuation allowance on commercial loans held for sale was nil and 2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The valuation allowance on consumer loans held for sale was nil at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 84 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Trading Assets and Liabilities The following table summarizes trading assets and liabilities at September 30, 2024 and increases (decreases) since December 31, 2023: 
 Increase (Decrease) From December 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amount (dollars are in millions) Trading assets: Securities (1) 
 20,370 (123) (0.6) Precious metals 160 (186) (53.8) Derivatives, net 1,177 (99) (7.8) 21,707 (408) (1.8) Trading liabilities: Securities sold, not yet purchased 1,528 (160) (9.5) Payables for precious metals 238 (63) (20.9) Derivatives, net 1,071 (425) (28.4) 2,837 (648) (18.6) 
 
 (1) See Note 2, "Trading Assets and Liabilities," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a breakout of trading securities by category. 
 Trading securities balances were lower compared with December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in foreign sovereign positions, partially offset by increases in equity and U.S. Treasury positions. Trading security positions are primarily held as economic hedges of interest rate, credit and equity derivative products issued to clients of domestic and emerging markets. Balances of securities sold, not yet purchased were also lower compared with December 31, 2023 reflecting a decrease in short U.S. Treasury positions related to economic hedges of trading security positions held for Community Reinvestment Act purposes. 
 Precious metals trading assets decreased compared with December 31, 2023 driven by a decline in our own gold inventory position, partially offset by a higher gold spot price. Payables for precious metals also decreased compared with December 31, 2023 driven by a decline in borrowing of gold inventory to support client activity levels, partially offset by an increase in borrowing of silver inventory to support client activity levels as well as higher gold and silver spot prices. Precious metal positions may not represent our net underlying exposure as we may use derivatives contracts to reduce our risk associated with these positions, the fair value of which would appear in derivatives in the table above. 
 Derivative asset and liability balances both decreased compared with December 31, 2023 mainly from market movements which resulted in lower valuations of foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives. 
 Securities Securities include securities available-for-sale and securities held-to-maturity, net. Securities balances were higher compared with December 31, 2023 due to net purchases of U.S. Treasury, foreign sovereign and U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by sales, paydowns and maturities of U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities as part of our continuing strategy to maximize returns while balancing the securities portfolio for risk management purposes. 
 All Other Assets All other assets include, among other items, properties and equipment, net, and goodwill. All other assets increased compared with December 31, 2023 due primarily to higher outstanding settlement balances related to security sales, partially offset by lower margin requirements related to futures trading and lower outstanding settlement balances related to secondary loan sales. 
 85 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Deposits The following table summarizes deposit balances by major depositor categories at September 30, 2024 and increases (decreases) since December 31, 2023: 
 Increase (Decrease) From December 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amount (dollars are in millions) Individuals, partnerships and corporations 109,316 (121) (.1) Domestic and foreign banks 11,352 2,001 21.4 U.S. government and states and political subdivisions 125 (1) (.8) Foreign governments and official institutions 2,580 211 8.9 Total deposits 123,373 2,090 1.7 
 Total deposits increased compared with December 31, 2023 due to higher commercial demand deposits reflecting increased business activity as well as higher deposits from affiliates. These increases were partially offset by lower commercial savings deposits reflecting the impact of deposit repricing in the current rate environment and the attrition of retail savings and demand deposits. 
 Short-Term Borrowings Short-term borrowings were lower compared with December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in federal funds purchased, partially offset by an increase in securities sold under repurchase agreements resulting from the management of our short-term funding positions. We continue to actively manage our balance sheet to maximize returns while maintaining adequate liquidity. 
 Long-Term Debt Long-term debt decreased compared with December 31, 2023 as the impact of debt issuances, including 250 million of senior debt issued to HSBC North America during the third quarter of 2024, was more than offset by debt retirements. Debt issuances during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 1,801 million and 5,270 million, respectively, of which nil was issued by HSBC Bank USA. 
 Incremental issuances from our shelf registration statement with the SEC totaled 5,020 million of senior debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which included 1,500 million of senior notes that were issued by HSBC USA in March as well as 3,520 million of structured notes. Total long-term debt outstanding under this shelf was 8,637 million and 9,227 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Incremental issuances from the HSBC Bank USA Global Bank Note Program totaled nil during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Total debt outstanding under this program was 1,884 million and 1,918 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") totaled 1,000 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Interest, Taxes and Other Liabilities Interest, taxes and other liabilities was lower compared with December 31, 2023 due primarily to decreases in outstanding settlement balances related to secondary loan purchases, accrued interest payables and derivative balances associated with hedging activities. These decreases were partially offset by higher outstanding settlement balances related to security purchases. 
 
 86 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Results of Operations 
 Net Interest Income Net interest income is the total interest income on earning assets less the total interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds. An analysis of consolidated average balances and interest rates is presented in this MD A under the caption "Consolidated Average Balances and Interest Rates." 
 The significant components of net interest margin are summarized in the following table: 
 2024 Compared with 2023 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Volume Rate 2023 (dollars are in millions) Interest income: Short-term investments 403 (96) 101 398 Trading securities 94 14 8 72 Securities 481 30 37 414 Commercial loans 736 17 (2) 721 Consumer loans 214 20 28 166 Other 18 (5) 2 21 Total interest income 1,946 (20) 174 1,792 Interest expense: Deposits 1,046 47 28 971 Short-term borrowings 162 6 17 139 Long-term debt 282 (22) 7 297 Tax liabilities and other 17 3 1 13 Total interest expense 1,507 34 53 1,420 Net interest income 439 (54) 121 372 Yield on total interest earning assets 
 4.99 4.59 Cost of total interest bearing liabilities 
 4.76 4.60 Interest rate spread 
 .23 (.01) Benefit from net non-interest paying funds (1) 
 .90 .96 Net interest margin on average earning assets 
 1.13 .95 
 87 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 2024 Compared with 2023 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Volume Rate 2023 (dollars are in millions) Interest income: Short-term investments 1,261 (283) 320 1,224 Trading securities 268 64 23 181 Securities 1,388 108 175 1,105 Commercial loans 2,182 (30) 128 2,084 Consumer loans 600 53 80 467 Other 57 (10) 9 58 Total interest income 5,756 (98) 735 5,119 Interest expense: Deposits 3,095 142 357 2,596 Short-term borrowings 472 34 79 359 Long-term debt 865 (30) 52 843 Tax liabilities and other 47 8 7 32 Total interest expense 4,479 154 495 3,830 Net interest income 1,277 (252) 240 1,289 Yield on total interest earning assets 
 4.96 4.43 Cost of total interest bearing liabilities 
 4.79 4.28 Interest rate spread 
 .17 .15 Benefit from net non-interest paying funds (1) 
 .93 .97 Net interest margin on average earning assets 
 1.10 1.12 
 
 (1) Represents the benefit associated with interest earning assets in excess of interest bearing liabilities. Increased percentages reflect growth in this excess or a higher cost of interest bearing liabilities, while decreased percentages reflect a reduction in this excess or a lower cost of interest bearing liabilities. 
 Net interest income increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher interest income from interest earning assets driven by higher yields and higher average balances in securities, loans and trading securities, partially offset by higher interest expense from interest bearing liabilities driven by higher rates paid and higher average deposit balances. Also contributing to the overall increase in net interest income was the favorable impact of lower average long-term debt balances, while the unfavorable impact of lower average short-term investment balances partially offset the increase. 
 In the year-to-date period, net interest income decreased modestly as higher interest expense from interest bearing liabilities driven by higher rates paid and higher average balances in deposits and short-term borrowings was largely offset by higher interest income from interest earning assets driven by higher yields and higher average balances in securities, trading securities and consumer loans. Also contributing to the overall decrease in net interest income was the unfavorable impact of lower average balances in short-term investments and commercial loans, while the favorable impact of lower average long-term debt balances partially offset the decrease. 
 Higher yields on interest earning assets and higher rates paid on interest bearing liabilities reflect the impact of higher market rates. 
 Short-term investments Interest income increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher yields, partially offset by lower average balances. 
 Trading securities Interest income increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher average balances and, to a lesser extent, higher yields. Higher average balances were driven by increases in equity, U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed positions, partially offset by a decline in foreign sovereign positions. Interest income associated with trading securities was partially offset within trading revenue by the performance of the associated derivatives as discussed further below. 
 Securities Interest income was higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher yields as we continue to reinvest in securities at higher market rates as well as higher average balances. Higher average balances were driven 
 88 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 by increases in U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed, foreign sovereign and U.S. Treasury securities, partially offset by a decline in U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities. 
 Commercial loans Interest income increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher average balances driven by new business activity and higher loans to affiliates. In the year-to-date period, interest income increased due to higher yields on variable rate loans and newly originated loans, partially offset by lower average balances. 
 Consumer loans Interest income was higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher yields on variable rate loans and newly originated loans as well as higher average balances driven by growth in residential mortgages. 
 Other Lower interest income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to lower average balances in cash collateral posted, partially offset by higher yields. 
 Deposits Interest expense increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher rates paid and higher average balances. Higher average balances were driven by growth in commercial demand deposits, including a shift in mix to interest bearing accounts from noninterest bearing accounts, as well as higher time deposits. Higher average balances were partially offset by lower commercial savings deposits reflecting the impact of deposit repricing in the current rate environment and the attrition of retail savings and demand deposits. 
 Short-term borrowings Interest expense was higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher rates paid and, to a lesser extent, higher average balances. Higher average balances were driven by increases in securities sold under repurchase agreements and commercial paper outstanding, partially offset by a decline in federal funds purchased. 
 Long-term debt Interest expense decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased in the year-to-date period as the impact of lower average balances was partially offset in the three-month period and more than offset in the year-to-date period by higher rates paid on variable rate borrowings and newly issued debt. 
 Tax liabilities and other Higher interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to higher average balances in securities sold, not yet repurchased and higher rates paid. 
 Provision for Credit Losses The following table summarizes the components of the provision for credit losses: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Loans: Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction 17 (3) 20 Business and corporate banking (33) 24 (57) Global banking (15) (21) 6 28.6 Total commercial loans (31) (31) Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (2) 2 (4) Home equity mortgages 1 (1) 2 Credit cards 1 2 (1) (50.0) Other consumer 1 (1) 2 Total consumer loans 1 2 (1) (50.0) Total loans (30) 2 (32) Off-balance sheet credit exposures 17 (10) 27 Total provision for credit losses (13) (8) (5) (62.5) 
 89 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Loans: Commercial loans: Real estate, including construction 18 (57) 75 Business and corporate banking 13 93 (80) (86.0) Global banking (18) 10 (28) Total commercial loans 13 46 (33) (71.7) Consumer loans: Residential mortgages (2) (20) 18 90.0 Home equity mortgages 4 (4) (100.0) Credit cards 3 (3) (100.0) Other consumer 1 (1) 2 Total consumer loans (1) (14) 13 92.9 Total loans 12 32 (20) (62.5) Off-balance sheet credit exposures 24 16 8 50.0 Total provision for credit losses 36 48 (12) (25.0) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 Our provision for credit losses decreased 5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to a lower provision for credit losses on our commercial loan portfolio, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures. In the year-to-date period, our provision for credit losses decreased 12 million due to a lower provision for credit losses on our commercial loan portfolio, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses on our consumer loan portfolio and a higher provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures. 
 The provision for credit losses on our commercial loan portfolio decreased 31 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflecting a release in credit loss reserves in the current year period. The release in credit reserves in the current year period was driven by a decline in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures and lower credit reserves for risk associated with large loan exposures, partially offset by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients and higher provisions associated with growth in innovation banking. In the prior year period, the provision reflects improved economic forecasts and lower credit reserves for risk associated with large loan exposures which were offset by an increase in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures and downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients. 
 In the year-to-date period, the provision for credit losses on our commercial loan portfolio decreased 33 million. The loss provision in the current year period was driven by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients and higher provisions associated with growth in innovation banking, partially offset by a decline in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures and lower credit reserves for risk associated with large loan exposures. In the prior year period, the loss provision was driven by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients and an increase in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures, partially offset by improved economic forecasts. 
 The provision for credit losses on our consumer loan portfolio was relatively flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased 13 million in the year-to-date period reflecting a higher release in credit loss reserves in the prior year period. The release in credit reserves in the prior year period was driven by improved housing price forecasts, partially offset by an increase in credit reserves for risk factors associated with a change in New York State foreclosure law. 
 The provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures increased 27 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflecting a loss provision compared with a release in credit loss reserves in the prior year period. The loss provision in the current year period resulted from higher provisions associated with growth in innovation banking and downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients. In the prior year period, the release in credit reserves resulted from improved economic forecasts and a decline in credit reserves for risk associated with large loan exposures. 
 90 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 In the year-to-date period, the provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures increased 8 million. The loss provision in the current year period resulted from higher provisions associated with growth in innovation banking and downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients. In the prior year period, the loss provision resulted from downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients, partially offset by improved economic forecasts. 
 See "Credit Quality" in this MD A for additional discussion on the allowance for credit losses associated with our various loan portfolios. 
 Other Revenues The following table summarizes the components of other revenues: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Credit card fees, net 14 13 1 7.7 Trust and investment management fees 37 33 4 12.1 Other fees and commissions 157 170 (13) (7.6) Trading revenue 208 277 (69) (24.9) Other securities gains (losses), net (148) (148) Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates 99 87 12 13.8 Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives (3) (9) 6 66.7 Other income (loss): Valuation of loans held for sale 1 6 (5) (83.3) Residential mortgage banking revenue 1 (1) (100.0) Insurance 1 1 Miscellaneous income (loss) (32) (62) 30 48.4 Total other income (loss) (30) (54) 24 44.4 Total other revenues 334 517 (183) (35.4) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Credit card fees, net 42 36 6 16.7 Trust and investment management fees 107 96 11 11.5 Other fees and commissions 503 475 28 5.9 Trading revenue 717 730 (13) (1.8) Other securities gains (losses), net (138) 3 (141) Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates 280 238 42 17.6 Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives (33) (29) (4) (13.8) Other income (loss): Valuation of loans held for sale 3 (31) 34 Residential mortgage banking revenue 1 2 (1) (50.0) Insurance 3 3 Miscellaneous income (loss) (75) (105) 30 28.6 Total other income (loss) (68) (131) 63 48.1 Total other revenues 1,410 1,418 (8) (.6) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 Credit card fees, net Credit card fees, net were relatively flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased in the year-to-date period reflecting increases in interchange fees, over-limit fees and other miscellaneous fees. 
 Trust and investment management fees Trust and investment management fees increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher average assets under management, higher discretionary fees from private banking 
 91 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 funds and, in the year-to-date period, lower fee waivers from liquidity funds reflecting the impact of higher market interest rates. 
 Other fees and commissions Other fees and commissions decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as higher fees from wire transfers and other account services were more than offset by lower fees from loan syndication. In the year-to-date period, other fees and commissions increased due to higher fees from loan syndication, wire transfers and other account services reflecting higher business activity compared with the prior year period. See Note 11, "Fee Income from Contracts with Customers," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information including a summary of the components of other fees and commissions. 
 Trading revenue Trading revenue is generated by participation in the foreign exchange, precious metals, rates, credit and equities markets. The following table presents trading revenue by business activity. Not included in the table below is the impact of net interest income associated with trading securities which is an integral part of trading activities' overall performance. Net interest income related to trading activities is recorded in net interest income in the consolidated statement of income. Certain derivatives, such as total return swaps, are economically hedged by holding the underlying interest bearing referenced assets. Trading revenue related to the mortgage banking business is included as a component of other income (loss). 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Business Activities: Foreign Exchange 56 85 (29) (34.1) Metals 12 51 (39) (76.5) Debt Markets (11) 1 (12) Securities Financing 180 130 50 38.5 Markets Treasury (22) 11 (33) Other trading (1) 
 (7) (1) (6) Total trading revenue 208 277 (69) (24.9) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Business Activities: Foreign Exchange 189 240 (51) (21.3) Metals 42 158 (116) (73.4) Debt Markets 2 2 Securities Financing 486 293 193 65.9 Markets Treasury (16) 36 (52) Other trading (1) 
 14 1 13 Total trading revenue 717 730 (13) (1.8) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 (1) Includes trading revenue related to Global Banking and Equities. 
 Trading revenue decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to lower revenue in Metals reflecting the impact of our agreement to refer transactions related to all future precious metals trading and financing activities associated with our Global Banking clients to HSBC Bank plc beginning in September 2023, lower Market Treasury revenue driven by the lower performance of economic hedge positions used to manage interest rate risk and lower revenue in Foreign Exchange driven by lower market volatility compared with the prior year periods. Also contributing to the decrease in the three-month period was lower revenue in Debt Markets due primarily to unfavorable funding fair value adjustments on derivatives. These decreases were partially offset by higher revenue in Securities Financing driven by the impact of higher market rates which impacts fair value and increased balance sheet deployment. Other trading revenue was also higher in the year-to-date period due primarily to favorable fair value adjustments on certain investments held for Community Reinvestment Act purposes. 
 Other securities gains (losses), net We maintain securities portfolios as part of our balance sheet diversification and risk management strategies. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 2,282 million and 4,317 
 92 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 million, respectively, of primarily U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities compared with nil and 681 million during the prior year periods as part of our continuing strategy to maximize returns while balancing the securities portfolio for risk management purposes. Other securities gains (losses), net decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a loss of 148 million realized in the third quarter of 2024 from the sale of certain U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities with a total carrying value of 2,130 million as we managed our exposure to the changing interest rate environment and rebalanced the portfolio for risk management purposes. The gross realized gains and losses from sales of securities, which are included as a component of other securities gains (losses), net above, are summarized in Note 3, "Securities," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates Servicing and other fees from HSBC affiliates increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher cost reimbursements associated with shared services performed on behalf of other HSBC affiliates, higher loan servicing fees from HSBC Markets (USA) Inc. ("HMUS") and higher performance fees associated with trading activity booked on the balance sheet of HSBC Bank plc. 
 Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives We have elected to apply fair value option accounting to certain commercial loans held for sale, certain student loans held for investment, certain of our own fixed-rate debt issuances, all of our hybrid instruments issued, including structured notes and deposits, and certain client share repurchase transactions. We also use derivatives to economically hedge the interest rate and other risks associated with certain financial assets and liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been elected. Gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives improved during the three months ended September 30, 2024 attributable primarily to favorable movements related to the economic hedging of interest rate risk within our own debt. In the year-to-date period, gain (loss) on instruments designated at fair value and related derivatives decreased due to the non-recurrence of valuation gains recorded in the prior year period on certain commercial loans held for sale reflecting improvements in the financial condition of certain clients, partially offset by favorable movements related to the economic hedging of interest rate risk within our own debt. See Note 9, "Fair Value Option," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information including a breakout of these amounts by individual component. 
 Other income (loss) Other income (loss) improved during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher income associated with bank owned life insurance and lower losses on the swap agreements entered into in conjunction with previous sales of Visa Class B shares. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded losses of 29 million and 32 million, respectively, primarily related to extending the expected timing of the final resolution of the related litigation and a change in the Visa Class B share conversion rate compared with losses of 34 million and 40 million during the prior year periods. Also contributing to the improvement in the year-to-date period were improved valuations on loans held for sale driven by a 30 million lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustment recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 associated with certain commercial real estate loans held for sale as well as lower losses on loan sales driven by a loss on sale of 10 million recorded during the second quarter of 2023 reflecting a repricing reserve adjustment associated with a previously sold portfolio of consumer mortgage loans. 
 
 93 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Operating Expenses The following table summarizes the components of operating expenses: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Salaries and employee benefits 145 134 11 8.2 Support services from HSBC affiliates: Fees paid to HSBC Technology Services (USA) Inc. ("HTSU") 238 241 (3) (1.2) Fees paid to HMUS 66 59 7 11.9 Fees paid to other HSBC affiliates 124 126 (2) (1.6) Total support services from HSBC affiliates 428 426 2 .5 Occupancy expense, net 12 19 (7) (36.8) Other expenses: Equipment and software 31 25 6 24.0 Marketing 14 5 9 Outside services 10 9 1 11.1 Professional fees 11 11 FDIC assessment fees (1) 
 11 20 (9) (45.0) Miscellaneous 9 9 Total other expenses 86 79 7 8.9 Total operating expenses 671 658 13 2.0 Personnel - average number 2,046 1,970 Efficiency ratio 86.8 74.0 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Salaries and employee benefits 423 393 30 7.6 Support services from HSBC affiliates: Fees paid to HTSU 707 706 1 .1 Fees paid to HMUS 183 167 16 9.6 Fees paid to other HSBC affiliates 356 362 (6) (1.7) Total support services from HSBC affiliates 1,246 1,235 11 .9 Occupancy expense, net 53 59 (6) (10.2) Other expenses: Equipment and software 92 81 11 13.6 Marketing 28 14 14 100.0 Outside services 34 32 2 6.3 Professional fees 34 34 FDIC assessment fees (1) 
 92 58 34 58.6 Miscellaneous 38 28 10 35.7 Total other expenses 318 247 71 28.7 Total operating expenses 2,040 1,934 106 5.5 Personnel - average number 2,030 2,006 Efficiency ratio 75.9 71.4 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we released 8 million of deposit insurance special assessment fees while, in the year-to-date period, we increased our accrual by 34 million as discussed further below. 
 94 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Salaries and employee benefits Salaries and employee benefits expense increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher salaries expense driven by the addition of personnel associated with growth initiatives in innovation banking and, in the year-to-date period, higher incentive compensation expense reflecting improved core business performance. Also contributing to the increase were higher health care costs. 
 Support services from HSBC affiliates Support services from HSBC affiliates increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher cost allocations from HMUS associated with Global Banking activities, partially offset by lower cost allocations from our technology and support service functions. A summary of the services received from various HSBC affiliates is included in Note 12, "Related Party Transactions," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Occupancy expense, net Occupancy expense, net decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to lower depreciation expense, partially offset by higher rent expense. 
 Other expenses Other expenses were higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to increases in marketing expense, expense related to legal matters and capitalized software amortization expense, which were more pronounced in the year-to-date period. While deposit insurance assessment fees were lower and partially offset the increase in the three-month period, they were higher and contributed to the increase in the year-to-date period. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we released 8 million of deposit insurance special assessment fees while, in the year-to-date period, we increased our accrual by 34 million. During the first half of 2024, the FDIC informed banks who are required to fund the shortfall in the DIF that the estimated loss has increased and, as a result, we accrued additional fees to reflect our updated special assessment amount. During the third quarter of 2024, the FDIC informed banks that the estimated loss had decreased. The increase in the year-to-date period was partially offset by higher levels of expense capitalization related to internally developed software. 
 Efficiency ratio Our efficiency ratio increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to lower other revenues and, to a lesser extent, higher operating expenses, partially offset by higher net interest income as discussed in detail above. In the year-to-date period, our efficiency ratio increased due primarily to higher operating expenses and, to a lesser extent, lower net interest income as discussed in detail above. 
 Income tax expense The following table summarizes our effective tax rate based on the provision for income taxes attributable to pretax income: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars are in millions) Income before income tax 115 239 Income tax expense 27 57 Effective tax rate 23.5 23.8 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars are in millions) Income before income tax 611 725 Income tax expense 129 175 Effective tax rate 21.1 24.1 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense decreased due primarily to lower pre-tax income, while the effective tax rate was relatively flat. In the year-to-date period, income tax expense and the effective tax rate decreased due primarily to lower pre-tax income, an immaterial out of period adjustment to our deferred tax asset balance which decreased tax expense by 12 million during the first quarter of 2024, and higher expected investment tax credits. 
 Management evaluated the need for a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and it was determined that a valuation allowance was not required. 
 
 95 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Segment Results Group Reporting Basis 
 
 We have distinct businesses, which are aligned with HSBC's global business strategy: Wealth and Personal Banking ("WPB"), Commercial Banking ("CMB"), and Global Banking and Markets ("GBM"). These businesses and a Corporate Center ("CC") serve as our reportable segments with the exception of GBM. Our GBM business is comprised of three distinct operating segments: Global Banking ("GB"), Markets and Securities Services ("MSS"), and Global Banking and Markets Other ("GBM Other"), which are separately reported. See Item 1, "Business," in our 2023 Form 10-K for a description of our segments, including a discussion of the main business activities of the segments and a summary of their products and services. There have been no changes in the basis of our segmentation as compared with the presentation in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Net interest income of each segment represents the difference between actual interest earned on assets and interest incurred on liabilities of the segment, adjusted for a funding charge or credit that includes both interest rate and liquidity components. Segments are charged a cost to fund assets (e.g., customer loans) and receive a funding credit for funds provided (e.g., customer deposits) based on equivalent market rates that incorporate both repricing (interest rate risk) and tenor (liquidity) characteristics. Net funding charges associated with MSS trading activities are reported within other operating income to align with the trading revenue generated by such activities. These net funding charges are reversed back into net interest income in the CC. The objective of these charges/credits is to transfer interest rate risk to one centralized unit in Markets Treasury. Markets Treasury income statement and balance sheet results are allocated to each of the global businesses based upon tangible equity levels and levels of any surplus liabilities. 
 Certain other revenue and operating expense amounts are also apportioned among the business segments based upon the benefits derived from the activity or the relationship of the activity to other segment activity. These inter-segment transactions have not been eliminated, and we generally account for them as if they were with third parties. 
 We report financial information to our parent, HSBC, in accordance with HSBC Group accounting and reporting policies, which apply IFRSs as issued by the IASB. As a result, our segment results are prepared and presented using financial information prepared on the Group Reporting Basis as operating results are monitored and reviewed, trends are evaluated and decisions about allocating resources, such as employees, are primarily made on this basis. We continue, however, to monitor capital adequacy and report to regulatory agencies on a U.S. GAAP basis. 
 There have been no changes in the measurement of segment profit as compared with the presentation in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 In October 2024, HSBC announced plans to simplify its organizational structure effective January 1, 2025 to accelerate delivery against its strategic priorities. We are currently evaluating the impact of these plans on our financial reporting. To the extent we make changes to the financial information being reported to our management in the future, we will evaluate any impact such changes may have on our segment reporting. 
 The significant differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis as they impact our results are summarized in Note 25, "Business Segments," in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes since December 31, 2023 in the differences between U.S. GAAP and the Group Reporting Basis impacting our results. 
 96 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Wealth and Personal Banking The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our WPB segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 175 175 Other operating income 8 28 (20) (71.4) Total operating income (1) 
 183 203 (20) (9.9) Expected credit losses 2 (5) 7 Net operating income 181 208 (27) (13.0) Operating expenses 207 194 13 6.7 Profit (loss) before tax (26) 14 (40) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 529 582 (53) (9.1) Other operating income 133 132 1 .8 Total operating income (1) 
 662 714 (52) (7.3) Expected credit losses (3) 3 100.0 Net operating income 662 717 (55) (7.7) Operating expenses 592 420 172 41.0 Profit before tax 70 297 (227) (76.4) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 (1) The following table summarizes the impact of key activities on the total operating income of our WPB segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Retail banking current accounts, savings and deposits 93 113 (20) (17.7) Retail banking mortgages, credit cards and other personal lending 42 39 3 7.7 Wealth and asset management products 28 26 2 7.7 Private banking 46 40 6 15.0 Retail business banking and other (2) 
 (26) (15) (11) (73.3) Total operating income 183 203 (20) (9.9) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Retail banking current accounts, savings and deposits 294 366 (72) (19.7) Retail banking mortgages, credit cards and other personal lending 127 104 23 22.1 Wealth and asset management products 81 72 9 12.5 Private banking 137 142 (5) (3.5) Retail business banking and other (2) 
 23 30 (7) (23.3) Total operating income 662 714 (52) (7.3) 
 (2) Includes cost reimbursements associated with activities performed on behalf of other HSBC affiliates and allocated Markets Treasury revenue. 
 Our WPB segment reported a loss before tax during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a profit before tax in the prior year period due primarily to lower other operating income and higher operating expenses. In the year-to-date period, our WPB segment reported a lower profit before tax due primarily to higher operating expenses driven by the non-recurrence of a reversal of 142 million of impairment charges recorded during the second quarter of 2023 related to capitalized software and leasehold improvements which were previously impaired and written-off. Also contributing to the lower profit before tax in the year-to-date period was lower net interest income. 
 97 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Net interest income was flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased in the year-to-date period as the unfavorable impact of lower deposit balances driven by the attrition of savings and demand deposits was offset in the three-month period and partially offset in the year-to-date period by the favorable impact of higher market rates and higher loan balances driven by growth in residential mortgages. 
 Other operating income decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 driven by lower allocated Markets Treasury other operating income, largely reflecting an allocated loss of 22 million in the third quarter of 2024 from the sale of certain securities for risk management purposes. This decrease was partially offset by lower losses on the swap agreements entered into in conjunction with previous sales of Visa Class B shares. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded losses of 29 million and 32 million, respectively, primarily related to extending the expected timing of the final resolution of the related litigation and a change in the Visa Class B share conversion rate compared with losses of 34 million and 40 million during the prior year periods. 
 In the year-to-date period, other operating income was relatively flat as lower allocated Markets Treasury other operating income as discussed above was more than offset by lower losses on the swap agreements entered into in conjunction with previous sales of Visa Class B shares as discussed above, lower losses on loan sales driven by a loss on sale of 10 million recorded during the second quarter of 2023 reflecting a repricing reserve adjustment associated with a previously sold portfolio of consumer mortgage loans, and higher investment management fees. The increase in investment management fees was driven by higher average assets under management, higher discretionary fees from private banking funds and lower fee waivers from liquidity funds reflecting the impact of higher market interest rates. 
 Expected credit losses increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflecting a modest loss provision compared with a release in credit loss reserves in the prior year period driven by improvements in the credit quality of the portfolio. In the year-to-date period, expected credit losses increased reflecting a release in credit loss reserves in the prior year period driven by improvements in the credit quality of the portfolio and improved housing price forecasts, partially offset by a higher loss estimate for risk factors associated with a change in New York State foreclosure law. 
 Excluding the reversal of impairment charges as discussed above, operating expenses remained higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher expense related to legal matters and higher incentive compensation expense. 
 Client Assets The following table provides information regarding private banking client assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Client assets at beginning of period 55,754 49,549 Net new money (outflows) (3,179) (3,412) Value change 11,544 9,384 Client assets at end of period 64,119 55,521 
 98 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Commercial Banking The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our CMB segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 305 285 20 7.0 Other operating income 29 74 (45) (60.8) Total operating income (1) 
 334 359 (25) (7.0) Expected credit losses 21 8 13 Net operating income 313 351 (38) (10.8) Operating expenses 187 175 12 6.9 Profit before tax 126 176 (50) (28.4) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 884 858 26 3.0 Other operating income 189 225 (36) (16.0) Total operating income (1) 
 1,073 1,083 (10) (.9) Expected credit losses 56 38 18 47.4 Net operating income 1,017 1,045 (28) (2.7) Operating expenses 555 484 71 14.7 Profit before tax 462 561 (99) (17.6) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 (1) The following table summarizes the impact of key activities on the total operating income of our CMB segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Lending and Transaction Management 117 112 5 4.5 Global Payments Solutions ("GPS") 187 176 11 6.3 Global Trade Solutions ("GTS") (2) 
 21 20 1 5.0 Investment banking products and other (3) 
 9 51 (42) (82.4) Total operating income 334 359 (25) (7.0) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Lending and Transaction Management 337 334 3 .9 GPS 537 528 9 1.7 GTS (2) 
 60 56 4 7.1 Investment banking products and other (3) 
 139 165 (26) (15.8) Total operating income 1,073 1,083 (10) (.9) 
 (2) Previously referred to as Global Trade and Receivables Finance. 
 (3) Includes allocated Markets Treasury revenue. 
 Our CMB segment reported a lower profit before tax during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher operating expenses, lower other operating income and higher expected credit losses, partially offset by higher net interest income. 
 Net interest income increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher allocated Markets Treasury net interest income and higher deposits spreads, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower deposit balances and lower earnings on capital. 
 Other operating income decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to lower allocated Markets Treasury other operating income, largely reflecting an allocated loss of 56 million in the third quarter of 2024 from the sale of 
 99 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 certain securities for risk management purposes. This increase was partially offset by higher fees from account services and, in the year-to-date period, commitments and loan syndication. 
 Expected credit losses increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The loss provisions in the current year periods were driven by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients and higher provisions associated with growth in innovation banking. In the prior year periods, the loss provisions were driven by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients, partially offset by improved economic forecasts. 
 Operating expenses increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher cost allocations from our technology and support service functions and higher salaries expense driven by the addition of personnel associated with growth initiatives in innovation banking. 
 Global Banking and Markets Our GBM business is comprised of three reportable operating segments: 
 Global Banking The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our GB segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 136 111 25 22.5 Other operating income 78 92 (14) (15.2) Total operating income (1) 
 214 203 11 5.4 Expected credit losses (4) (18) 14 77.8 Net operating income 218 221 (3) (1.4) Operating expenses 133 144 (11) (7.6) Profit before tax 85 77 8 10.4 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 369 373 (4) (1.1) Other operating income 266 238 28 11.8 Total operating income (1) 
 635 611 24 3.9 Expected credit losses (4) 12 (16) Net operating income 639 599 40 6.7 Operating expenses 398 420 (22) (5.2) Profit before tax 241 179 62 34.6 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 100 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 (1) The following table summarizes the impact of key activities on the total operating income of our GB segment. For purposes of the discussion below the table, total operating income is referred to as revenue. 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) GPS 140 98 42 42.9 Investment Banking 53 76 (23) (30.3) Credit and Lending 14 22 (8) (36.4) GTS (2) 
 14 14 GB Other (3) 
 (7) (7) Total operating income 214 203 11 5.4 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) GPS 383 336 47 14.0 Investment Banking 181 198 (17) (8.6) Credit and Lending 57 65 (8) (12.3) GTS (2) 
 41 41 GB Other (3) 
 (27) (29) 2 6.9 Total operating income 635 611 24 3.9 
 (2) Previously referred to as Global Trade and Receivables Finance. 
 (3) Includes net interest income on capital held in the business and not assigned to products as well as revenue associated with credit default swap protection, certain credit-linked structured notes and loan sales. 
 Our GB segment reported a higher profit before tax during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher net interest income and lower operating expenses, partially offset by lower other operating income and higher expected credit losses. In the year-to-date period, our GB segment reported a higher profit before tax due to higher other operating income, lower operating expenses and lower expected credit losses. 
 Revenue increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher revenue in GPS driven by higher net interest income from higher spreads as well as higher account service fees. This increase was partially offset by lower revenue in Investment Banking and Credit and Lending. Lower revenue in Investment Banking was due primarily to lower fees from loan syndication, lower net interest income from decreased loan spreads and balances and, in the year-to-date period, the non-recurrence of fair value adjustment gains recorded in the prior year period on certain loans held for sale reflecting improvements in the financial condition of certain clients. Revenue in Credit and Lending was lower due primarily to lower net interest income from decreased loan spreads. 
 Expected credit losses increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflecting a lower release in credit loss reserves. The release in credit reserves in the current year period was driven by improvements in the credit condition of a single client relationship, partially offset by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients. In the prior year period, the release in credit reserves was driven by improved economic forecasts. In the year-to-date period, expected credit losses improved reflecting a release in credit loss reserves in the current year period for the reasons discussed above compared with a loss provision in the prior year period. The loss provision in the prior year-to-date period was driven by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients, partially offset by improved economic conditions. 
 Operating expenses decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to lower cost allocations from our support service functions. 
 101 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Markets and Securities Services The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our MSS segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (in millions) Net interest income 13 4 9 Other operating income 72 115 (43) (37.4) Total operating income (1) 
 85 119 (34) (28.6) Expected credit losses Net operating income 85 119 (34) (28.6) Operating expenses 78 68 10 14.7 Profit before tax 7 51 (44) (86.3) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest income 30 32 (2) (6.3) Other operating income 231 261 (30) (11.5) Total operating income (1) 
 261 293 (32) (10.9) Expected credit losses Net operating income 261 293 (32) (10.9) Operating expenses 238 208 30 14.4 Profit before tax 23 85 (62) (72.9) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 (1) The following table summarizes the impact of key activities on the total operating income of our MSS segment. For purposes of the discussion below the table, total operating income is referred to as revenue. 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Foreign Exchange and Metals 50 65 (15) (23.1) Debt Markets 11 6 5 83.3 Securities Financing 13 14 (1) (7.1) Equities 12 5 7 Securities Services 9 8 1 12.5 MSS Other 10 (10) (100.0) Credit and funding valuation adjustments (10) 11 (21) Total MSS 85 119 (34) (28.6) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Foreign Exchange and Metals 136 189 (53) (28.0) Debt Markets 23 19 4 21.1 Securities Financing 37 24 13 54.2 Equities 36 12 24 Securities Services 24 25 (1) (4.0) MSS Other (1) 9 (10) Credit and funding valuation adjustments 6 15 (9) (60.0) Total MSS 261 293 (32) (10.9) 
 Our MSS segment reported a lower profit before tax during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to lower other operating income and higher operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset in the three-month period by higher net interest income. 
 102 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Revenue decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to lower revenue in Foreign Exchange and Metals, MSS Other and credit and funding valuation adjustments. Lower revenue in Foreign Exchange and Metals was driven by lower market volatility in Foreign Exchange compared with the prior year periods as well as the impact of our agreement to refer transactions related to all future precious metals trading and financing activities associated with our Global Banking clients to HSBC Bank plc beginning in September 2023. The agreement to transfer these activities to HSBC Bank plc also resulted in a gain of 10 million recorded in MSS Other during the third quarter of 2023 which did not re-occur. Credit and funding valuation adjustments were unfavorable attributable primarily to funding fair value adjustments on derivatives and, in the year-to-date period, movements related to the economic hedging of interest rate risk and other risks within our structured notes. These decreases were partially offset by higher revenue in Equities and, in the year-to-date period, Securities Financing. Higher revenue in Equities was driven by higher performance fees associated with trading activity booked on the balance sheet of HSBC Bank plc. Higher revenue in Securities Financing in the year-to-date period was due to higher market rates and increased balance sheet deployment. 
 Operating expenses increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher cost allocations from our technology and support service functions. 
 Global Banking and Markets Other The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our GBM Other segment. For purposes of the discussion below the table, total operating income is referred to as revenue. 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (in millions) Net interest income (expense) (3) (9) 6 66.7 Other operating income (expense) (48) 17 (65) Total operating income (expense) (51) 8 (59) Expected credit losses Net operating income (expense) (51) 8 (59) Operating expenses 25 19 6 31.6 Loss before tax (76) (11) (65) Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (in millions) Net interest income (expense) 18 (21) 39 Other operating income (expense) (2) 63 (65) Total operating income 16 42 (26) (61.9) Expected credit losses Net operating income 16 42 (26) (61.9) Operating expenses 72 51 21 41.2 Loss before tax (56) (9) (47) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 Our GBM Other segment reported a higher loss before tax during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to lower revenue driven by lower allocated Markets Treasury other operating income, largely reflecting an allocated loss of 70 million in the third quarter of 2024 from the sale of certain securities for risk management purposes. Lower revenue was partially offset by higher allocated Markets Treasury net interest income and higher cost reimbursements. Also contributing to the higher loss before tax were higher operating expenses driven by higher cost allocations from our support service functions. 
 103 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Corporate Center The following table summarizes the Group Reporting Basis results for our CC segment: 
 Increase (Decrease) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest expense (175) (134) (41) (30.6) Other operating income 174 120 54 45.0 Total operating income (expense) (1) (14) 13 92.9 Expected credit losses Net operating income (expense) (1) (14) 13 92.9 Operating expenses 24 36 (12) (33.3) Loss before tax (25) (50) 25 50.0 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount (dollars are in millions) Net interest expense (502) (347) (155) (44.7) Other operating income 507 317 190 59.9 Total operating income (expense) 5 (30) 35 Expected credit losses Net operating income (expense) 5 (30) 35 Operating expenses 142 104 38 36.5 Loss before tax (137) (134) (3) (2.2) 
 
 Percentage change is greater than 100 percent. 
 Our CC segment reported a lower loss before tax during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher other operating income and lower operating expenses, partially offset by higher net interest expense. In the year-to-date period, our CC segment loss before tax was relatively flat as higher net interest expense and higher operating expenses were largely offset by higher other operating income. 
 Net interest expense increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 driven by a higher cost of funds reflecting the impact of higher market rates. 
 Other operating income increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to higher net funding credits associated with MSS trading activities which increased by 37 million and 154 million, respectively, which reflects the higher net interest expense above. Also contributing to the increase were favorable movements related to the economic hedging of interest rate risk within our own debt and, in the year-to-date period, favorable fair value adjustments on certain investments held for Community Reinvestment Act purposes. 
 Operating expenses decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased in the year-to-date period due primarily to adjustments to deposit insurance special assessment fees. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we released 8 million of deposit insurance special assessment fees while, in the year-to-date period, we increased our accrual by 34 million. During the first half of 2024, the FDIC informed banks who are required to fund the shortfall in the DIF that the estimated loss has increased and, as a result, we accrued additional fees to reflect our updated special assessment amount. During the third quarter of 2024, the FDIC informed banks that the estimated loss had decreased. 
 Reconciliation of Segment Results As previously discussed, segment results are reported on a Group Reporting Basis. See Note 13, "Business Segments," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of our Group Reporting Basis segment results to U.S. GAAP consolidated totals. 
 
 104 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Credit Quality 
 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into a variety of transactions that involve both on and off-balance sheet credit risk. Principal among these activities is lending to various commercial, institutional, governmental and individual customers. We participate in lending activity throughout the United States and, on a limited basis, internationally. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses / Liability for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures Our accounting policies and methodologies related to the allowance for credit losses and liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures are presented under the caption "Critical Accounting Estimates" in MD A and in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Pronouncements," in our 2023 Form 10-K. Our approach toward credit risk management is summarized under the caption "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant revisions to our policies or methodologies during the first nine months of 2024. 
 The following table summarizes our allowance for credit losses and the liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures: 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Allowance for credit losses: Loans: Commercial loans 531 567 574 Consumer loans 16 16 17 Total loans 547 583 591 Securities held-to-maturity Other financial assets measured at amortized cost (1) 
 Securities available-for-sale Total allowance for credit losses 547 583 591 Liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures 135 118 111 
 
 (1) Primarily includes accrued interest receivables and customer acceptances. 
 The total allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 decreased 36 million or 6 percent as compared with June 30, 2024 and decreased 44 million or 7 percent as compared with December 31, 2023 due primarily to a lower loss estimate on our commercial loan portfolio, while our consumer allowance for credit losses was relatively flat. 
 Our commercial allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 decreased 36 million or 6 percent as compared with June 30, 2024 and decreased 43 million or 7 percent as compared with December 31, 2023 driven by a decline in credit reserves for risk factors associated with higher risk industry exposures, lower credit reserves for risk associated with large loan exposures and, as compared with December 31, 2023, the charge-off of two corporate banking loans in the second quarter. These decreases were partially offset by downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients and higher loss estimates associated with growth in innovation banking. 
 The liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures at September 30, 2024 increased 17 million or 14 percent as compared with June 30, 2024 and increased 24 million or 22 percent as compared with December 31, 2023 resulting from higher loss estimates associated with growth in innovation banking and downgrades reflecting weakness in the financial condition of certain clients. 
 105 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 The following table presents the allowance for credit losses on loans by major loan categories: 
 Amount of Loans to Total Loans Amount of Loans to Total Loans Amount of Loans to Total Loans September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars are in millions) Commercial: Real estate, including construction 162 11.0 145 11.3 144 12.0 Business and corporate banking 262 26.5 300 27.4 302 26.7 Global banking 106 17.0 121 17.1 127 18.1 Other commercial 1 11.8 1 11.0 1 10.9 Total commercial 531 66.3 567 66.8 574 67.7 Consumer: Residential mortgages (8) 32.6 (7) 32.1 (9) 31.1 Home equity mortgages 8 .6 7 .6 7 .7 Credit cards 13 .3 13 .3 16 .3 Other consumer 3 .2 3 .2 3 .2 Total consumer 16 33.7 16 33.2 17 32.3 Total 547 100.0 583 100.0 591 100.0 
 The following table sets forth key ratios for the allowance for credit losses on loans: 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ratio of Allowance for credit losses to: Loans: (1) 
 Commercial: Non-affiliates 1.42 1.52 1.54 Affiliates Total commercial 1.29 1.40 1.44 Consumer: Residential mortgages (.04) (.04) (.05) Home equity mortgages 2.04 1.79 1.80 Credit cards 7.03 6.91 8.04 Other consumer 3.49 3.53 2.97 Total consumer .08 .08 .09 Total loans .88 .96 1.00 Nonperforming loans: (1)(2) 
 Commercial 90 90 135 Consumer 9 9 9 Total nonperforming loans 72 73 97 
 
 (1) Ratios exclude loans held for sale as these loans are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. 
 (2) Represents our commercial and consumer allowance for credit losses, as appropriate, divided by the corresponding outstanding balance of total nonperforming loans held for investment. Nonperforming loans include accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more. 
 See Note 5, "Allowance for Credit Losses," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a rollforward of credit losses by loan categories for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment at September 30, 2024 decreased as compared with both June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 due to the decrease in our allowance for credit losses for the reasons discussed above and an increase in total loans held for investment. 
 106 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 The allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans held for investment at September 30, 2024 was relatively flat as compared with June 30, 2024 as the decrease in our allowance for credit losses for the reasons discussed above was offset by a decrease in nonperforming loans as discussed further below in our commercial loan portfolio. As compared with December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans held for investment decreased due to an increase in nonperforming loans as discussed further below in our commercial loan portfolio and the decrease in our allowance for credit losses for the reasons discussed above. 
 Delinquency The following table summarizes dollars of two-months-and-over contractual delinquency and two-months-and-over contractual delinquency as a percentage of total loans, excluding loans held for sale ("delinquency ratio"). 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 Delinquent Loans Delinquency Ratio Delinquent Loans Delinquency Ratio Delinquent Loans Delinquency Ratio (dollars are in millions) Commercial 131 .32 28 .07 416 1.04 Consumer: Residential mortgages (1)(2) 
 127 .63 134 .69 115 .63 Home equity mortgages (1)(2) 
 5 1.27 4 1.03 4 1.03 Credit cards 4 2.16 3 1.60 4 2.01 Other consumer 3 3.49 2 2.35 2 1.98 Total consumer 139 .67 143 .71 125 .66 Total 270 .44 171 .28 541 .92 
 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, consumer mortgage loan delinquency includes 69 million, 62 million and 61 million, respectively, of loans that are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. 
 (2) The following table reflects dollars of contractual delinquency and delinquency ratios for interest-only loans and adjustable rate mortgage ("ARM") loans: 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Delinquent Loans Delinquency Ratio Delinquent Loan Delinquency Ratio Delinquent Loans Delinquency Ratio (dollars are in millions) Interest-only loans 3 .07 6 .13 4 .09 ARM loans 84 .57 89 .63 69 .51 
 Our two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio increased 16 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due to higher dollars of delinquency in our commercial loan portfolio. As compared with December 31, 2023, our two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio decreased 48 basis points due to lower dollars of delinquency in our commercial loan portfolio, partially offset by higher dollars of delinquency in our consumer loan portfolio. Also contributing to the decrease in the ratio as compared with December 31, 2023 were higher outstanding loan balances. 
 Our commercial loan two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio increased 25 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due primarily to higher dollars of delinquency driven by a few loans which which became 60 days past due. As compared with December 31, 2023, our commercial loan two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio decreased 72 basis points due to lower dollars of delinquency driven by collections, including the collections of two commercial real estate loans in the second quarter and a few large private banking loans in the first quarter. 
 Our consumer loan two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio decreased 4 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due to lower dollars of delinquency in residential mortgages driven by the collections of a few large loans which became 60 days past due in the second quarter as well as higher outstanding loan balances. As compared with December 31, 2023, our consumer loan two-months-and-over contractual delinquency ratio was relatively flat as higher dollars of delinquency driven primarily by deterioration in residential mortgages was largely offset by higher outstanding loan balances. 
 107 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Net Charge-offs of Loans The following table summarizes net charge-off (recovery) dollars as well as net charge-off (recovery) of loans for the period as a percentage of average loans, excluding loans held for sale ("net charge-off ratio"): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Charge-off Dollars Average Loans Net Charge-off Ratio Net Charge-off Dollars Average Loans Net Charge-off Ratio Net Charge-off Dollars Average Loans Net Charge-off Ratio Net Charge-off Dollars Average Loans Net Charge-off Ratio (dollars are in millions) Commercial: Real estate, including construction 6,763 7,077 6,909 7,578 Business and corporate banking 5 16,819 .12 31 16,195 .76 53 16,473 .43 35 16,389 .29 Global banking 10,271 9,795 3 10,511 .04 10,114 Other commercial 6,943 6,335 6,680 6,845 Total commercial 5 40,796 .05 31 39,402 .31 56 40,573 .18 35 40,926 .11 Consumer: Residential mortgages (1) 19,836 (.02) 17,693 (3) 19,189 (.02) 2 17,252 .02 Home equity mortgages 392 (1) 369 (1.08) (1) 389 (.26) (1) 367 (.27) Credit cards 1 185 2.16 1 196 2.04 3 186 2.15 3 197 2.03 Other consumer 1 67 5.97 108 1 78 1.28 1 120 .83 Total consumer 1 20,480 .02 18,366 19,842 5 17,936 .04 Total 6 61,276 .04 31 57,768 .21 56 60,415 .12 40 58,862 .09 
 Our net charge-off ratio decreased 17 basis points during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to a lower level of net charge-offs in our commercial loan portfolio driven by the deterioration of a corporate banking loan in the prior year period. 
 In the year-to-date period, our net charge-off ratio increased 3 basis points due to a higher level of net charge-offs in our commercial loan portfolio driven by the deterioration of two corporate banking loans in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by a lower level of net charge-offs in our consumer loan portfolio driven by improved net charge-offs in residential mortgages reflecting a modest level of net recoveries in the current year period compared with a modest level of net charge-offs in the prior year period. 

108 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Nonperforming Loans The following table summarizes nonperforming loans, including nonaccrual loans and accruing loans contractually 90 days or more past due, as well as nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans, excluding loans held for sale ("nonperforming ratio"): 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonperforming 
 Loans (1) 
 Nonperforming Ratio Nonperforming 
 Loans (1) 
 Nonperforming Ratio Nonperforming 
 Loans (1) 
 Nonperforming Ratio (dollars are in millions) Commercial 593 1.44 632 1.56 425 1.06 Consumer: Residential mortgages (2)(3)(4) 
 162 .80 161 .83 172 .94 Home equity mortgages (2)(3) 
 6 1.53 6 1.54 6 1.54 Credit cards 2 1.08 2 1.06 3 1.51 Other consumer 2 2.33 2 2.35 2 1.98 Total consumer 172 .82 171 .85 183 .96 Total 765 1.23 803 1.32 608 1.03 Other real estate owned (5) 
 8 3 2 
 
 (1) See Note 4, "Loans," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a breakout of nonaccrual loans and accruing loans contractually 90 days or more past due. At September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total nonperforming loans include 4 million, 4 million and 6 million, respectively, of accruing loans contractually 90 days or more past due. 
 (2) At September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, nonperforming consumer mortgage loans include 107 million, 103 million and 108 million, respectively, of loans that are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. 
 (3) Nonperforming consumer mortgage loans held for investment include all loans which are 90 or more days contractually delinquent as well as loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not re-affirmed and second lien loans where the first lien loan that we own or service is 90 or more days contractually delinquent. 
 (4) Nonperforming consumer mortgage loans for all periods does not include guaranteed loans purchased from the Government National Mortgage Association. Repayment of these loans is predominantly insured by the Federal Housing Administration and as such, these loans have different risk characteristics from the rest of our customer loan portfolio. 
 (5) Includes 1 million or less of commercial other real estate owned at September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Our nonperforming loans ratio decreased 9 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due primarily to lower nonperforming loans in our commercial loan portfolio. As compared with December 31, 2023, our nonperforming loans ratio increased 20 basis points due to higher nonperforming loans in our commercial loan portfolio, partially offset by lower nonperforming loans in our consumer loan portfolio and higher outstanding loan balances. 
 Our commercial nonperforming loans ratio decreased 12 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due primarily to lower nonperforming loans as the impact of downgrades was more than offset by paydowns and charge-offs. As compared with December 31, 2023, our commercial nonperforming loans ratio increased 38 basis points due to higher nonperforming loans driven by downgrades, including the downgrade of a global banking loan in the first quarter, partially offset by paydowns and charge-offs. 
 Our consumer nonperforming loans ratio decreased 3 basis points compared with June 30, 2024 due to higher outstanding loan balances while nonperforming loans were relatively flat. As compared with December 31, 2023, our consumer nonperforming loans ratio decreased 14 basis points due to lower nonperforming loans in residential mortgages driven by collections as well as higher outstanding loan balances. 
 Our policies and practices for problem loan management and placing loans on nonaccrual status are summarized in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Pronouncements," in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 109 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Concentration of Credit Risk A concentration of credit risk is defined as a significant credit exposure with an individual or group engaged in similar activities or affected similarly by economic conditions. We enter into a variety of transactions in the normal course of business that involve both on and off-balance sheet credit risk. Principal among these activities is lending to various commercial, institutional, governmental and individual customers. We manage the varying degrees of credit risk associated with on and off-balance sheet transactions through specific credit policies and procedures which provide for a strict approval, monitoring and reporting process. It is our policy to require collateral when it is deemed appropriate. Varying degrees and types of collateral are secured depending upon management's credit evaluation. 
 Commercial Credit Exposure Our commercial credit exposure is diversified across a broad range of industries. Commercial loans outstanding, excluding loans held for sale, and unused commercial commitments by industry are presented in the table below: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial Utilized Unused Commercial Commitments Commercial Utilized Unused Commercial Commitments (in millions) Diversified financials 8,607 9,326 8,753 9,702 Real estate 4,991 1,724 4,702 1,695 Commercial and professional services 2,853 6,560 3,385 5,915 Consumer services 2,219 3,762 2,445 3,116 Capital goods 2,047 6,858 2,062 6,736 Retailing 1,961 4,986 1,752 4,790 Semiconductors and semiconductor equipment 1,720 1,169 2,116 1,165 Consumer durables and apparel 1,653 3,517 1,599 3,351 Utilities 1,463 1,723 1,334 1,421 Software and services 1,256 8,294 983 4,401 Chemicals 1,053 4,339 977 4,165 Food, beverage and tobacco 1,027 2,293 760 2,482 Energy 977 4,983 774 5,476 Technology hardware and equipment 810 6,272 1,271 6,290 Metals and mining 791 1,002 678 589 Health care equipment and services 785 2,809 966 2,910 Food and staples retailing 573 1,596 588 1,600 Insurance 451 3,266 202 3,138 Media and entertainment 446 928 331 769 Banks 354 225 642 570 Total commercial credit exposure in top 20 industries (1) 
 36,037 75,632 36,320 70,281 All other industries 1,294 9,765 1,019 9,926 Total commercial credit exposure (2) 
 37,331 85,397 37,339 80,207 
 
 (1) Based on utilization at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Excludes commercial credit exposures with affiliates. 
 Our commercial real estate secured loan portfolio which totaled 4,120 million and 4,950 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, reflects the following borrower types: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Multifamily 41.8 43.7 Office 27.6 24.7 Hotels 12.3 16.6 All other types 18.3 15.0 Total 100.0 100.0 
 110 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Geographic Concentrations The following table reflects regional exposure at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for our real estate secured loan portfolios, excluding loans held for sale: 
 Commercial Real Estate, including Construction Loans Residential Mortgages and Home Equity Mortgages September 30, 2024 New York State 24.7 28.3 California 10.2 47.2 North Central United States 12.3 .9 North Eastern United States, excluding New York State 6.8 7.3 Southern United States 39.6 9.7 Western United States, excluding California 6.4 6.6 Total 100.0 100.0 December 31, 2023 New York State 23.8 30.2 California 10.2 44.9 North Central United States 12.7 1.0 North Eastern United States, excluding New York State 6.0 7.7 Southern United States 41.2 10.1 Western United States, excluding California 6.1 6.1 Total 100.0 100.0 
 Residential Mortgage Loans Our consumer loan portfolio includes the following types of loans: 
 Interest-only loans A loan which allows a customer to pay the interest-only portion of the monthly payment for a period of time which results in lower payments during the initial loan period. 
 ARM loans A loan which allows us to adjust pricing on the loan in line with market movements. 
 The following table summarizes the balances of interest-only and ARM loans in our loan portfolios, excluding mortgages held for sale, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Each category is not mutually exclusive and loans may appear in more than one category below. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Interest-only residential mortgage and home equity mortgage loans 4,564 4,392 ARM loans (1) 
 14,807 13,363 
 
 (1) During the remainder of 2024 and during 2025, approximately 121 million and 484 million, respectively, of the ARM loans will experience their first interest rate reset. 
 The following table summarizes the concentrations of first and second liens within the outstanding residential mortgage and home equity mortgage portfolios, excluding mortgages held for sale, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Closed end: First lien 20,235 18,341 Second lien 14 15 Revolving (1) 
 379 374 Total 20,628 18,730 
 
 (1) A majority of revolving are second lien mortgages. 
 111 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Credit Risks Associated with Derivative Contracts Credit risk associated with derivatives is measured as the net replacement cost of derivative contracts in a receivable position in the event the counterparties of such contracts fail to perform under the terms of those contracts. In managing derivative credit risk, both the current exposure, which is the replacement cost of contracts on the measurement date, as well as an estimate of the potential change in value of contracts over their remaining lives are considered. Counterparties to our derivative activities include financial institutions, central clearing parties, foreign and domestic government agencies, corporations, funds (mutual funds, hedge funds, etc.), insurance companies and private clients as well as other HSBC entities. These counterparties are subject to regular credit review by the credit risk management department. To minimize credit risk, we may enter into legally enforceable master netting agreements which reduce risk by permitting the closeout and netting of transactions with the same counterparty upon occurrence of certain events. In addition, we reduce credit risk by obtaining collateral from counterparties. The determination of the need for and the levels of collateral will differ based on an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty and/or regulatory requirements. 
 The total risk in a derivative contract is a function of a number of variables, such as: 
 volatility of interest rates, currencies, equity or corporate reference entity used as the basis for determining contract payments; 
 current market events or trends; 
 country risk; 
 maturity and liquidity of contracts; 
 creditworthiness of the counterparties in the transaction; 
 the existence of a master netting agreement among the counterparties; and 
 existence and value of collateral received from counterparties to secure exposures. 
 The table below presents total credit risk exposure calculated using the general risk-based capital rules of the Basel III Standardized Approach which includes the net positive mark-to-market of the derivative contracts plus any adjusted potential future exposure as measured in reference to the notional amount. The regulatory capital rules recognize that bilateral netting agreements reduce credit risk and, therefore, allow for reductions of risk-weighted assets when netting requirements have been met and collateral exists. As a result, risk-weighted amounts for regulatory capital purposes are a portion of the original gross exposures. Furthermore, many contracts contain provisions that allow us to close out the transaction if the counterparty fails to post required collateral. In addition, many contracts give us the right to break the transactions earlier than the final maturity date. As a result, these contracts have potential future exposures that are often much smaller than the future exposures derived from the regulatory capital rules. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Risk associated with derivative contracts: Total credit risk exposure 9,339 9,716 Less: collateral held against exposure 1,953 2,459 Net credit risk exposure 7,386 7,257 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Effective liquidity management is defined as ensuring we can meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other cash commitments efficiently under both normal operating conditions and under unpredictable circumstances of industry or market stress. To achieve this objective, we have guidelines that require sufficient liquidity to cover potential funding requirements in both the short- and long-term and to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. Guidelines are set for the consolidated balance sheet of HSBC USA to ensure that it is a source of strength for our regulated, deposit-taking banking subsidiary, as well as to address the more limited sources of liquidity available to it as a holding company. Similar guidelines are set for HSBC Bank USA to ensure that it can meet its liquidity needs in various stress scenarios. Cash flow analysis, including stress testing scenarios, forms the basis for liquidity management and contingency funding plans. See "Risk Management" in this MD A for further discussion of our approach towards liquidity and funding risk management, including information regarding the key measures employed to define, monitor and control our liquidity and funding risk. 
 Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks totaled 28,334 million and 25,015 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which 28,150 million and 24,830 million, respectively, were held with the Federal Reserve Bank. Balances may fluctuate from period to period depending upon our liquidity position at the time and our strategy for deploying 
 112 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 liquidity. Surplus interest bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank may be deployed into securities purchased under agreements to resell or other investments depending on market conditions and the opportunity to maximize returns. 
 Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell totaled 4,310 million and 13,878 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Balances may fluctuate from period to period depending upon our liquidity position at the time and our strategy for deploying liquidity. 
 Trading Assets includes securities totaling 20,370 million and 20,493 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See "Balance Sheet Review" in this MD A for further analysis and discussion on trends. 
 Securities includes securities available-for-sale and securities held-to-maturity totaling 43,180 million and 40,772 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See "Balance Sheet Review" in this MD A for further analysis and discussion on trends. 
 Short-Term Borrowings totaled 7,653 million and 9,914 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See "Balance Sheet Review" in this MD A for further analysis and discussion on short-term borrowing trends. 
 Deposits totaled 123,373 million and 121,283 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See "Balance Sheet Review" in this MD A for further analysis and discussion on deposit trends. 
 Long-Term Debt decreased to 18,410 million at September 30, 2024 from 18,661 million at December 31, 2023. The following table presents the maturities of long-term debt at September 30, 2024: 
 
 (in millions) 2024 572 2025 7,058 2026 1,335 2027 2,867 2028 1,164 Thereafter 5,414 Total 18,410 
 The following table summarizes issuances and retirements of long-term debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Long-term debt issued 5,270 3,475 Long-term debt repaid (5,664) (3,002) Net long-term debt issued (repaid) (394) 473 
 See "Balance Sheet Review" in this MD A for further analysis and discussion on long-term debt trends, including additional information on debt issued and repaid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Under our shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, we may issue certain securities including debt securities and preferred stock. We satisfy the eligibility requirements for designation as a "well-known seasoned issuer," which allows us to file a registration statement that does not have a limit on issuance capacity. The ability to issue under the registration statement is limited by the authority granted by the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2024, we were authorized to issue up to 15,000 million, of which 6,363 million was available. HSBC Bank USA has a 40,000 million Global Bank Note Program that provides for the issuance of subordinated and senior notes, of which 11,968 million was available at September 30, 2024. 
 As a member of the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, we have secured borrowing facilities which are collateralized by loans and investment securities. At September 30, 2024, long-term debt included 1,000 million of borrowings from the FHLB facility. Based upon the amounts pledged as collateral under these facilities, we have additional borrowing capacity of up to 35,646 million. 
 Preferred Equity See Note 19, "Preferred Stock," in our 2023 Form 10-K for information regarding all outstanding HSBC USA preferred share issues. 
 Common Equity During the third quarter of 2024, HSBC USA received a common stock dividend of 600 million from its subsidiary, HSBC Bank USA. 
 113 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Capital Ratios In managing capital, we develop targets for common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, total capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets (i.e., the "Tier 1 leverage ratio"). Capital targets are reviewed at least semi-annually to ensure they reflect our business mix and risk profile, as well as real-time conditions and circumstances. The following table summarizes HSBC USA's Basel III capital ratios calculated as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 13.0 13.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 13.3 13.3 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 15.5 15.7 Tier 1 leverage ratio (1) 
 8.2 7.7 
 
 (1) Adjusted quarterly average assets, the Tier 1 leverage ratio denominator, reflects quarterly average assets adjusted for amounts permitted to be deducted from Tier 1 capital. 
 We manage capital in accordance with HSBC Group policy. The HSBC North America Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") works in conjunction with the HSBC Group's ICAAP. The HSBC North America ICAAP applies to HSBC USA and HSBC Bank USA and evaluates regulatory capital adequacy and capital adequacy under various stress scenarios. Our approach is to meet our capital needs for these stress scenarios locally through activities which reduce risk. To the extent that local alternatives are insufficient, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC, we would seek support from our ultimate parent. Regulatory capital requirements are based on the amount of capital required to be held, plus applicable capital buffers, as defined by regulations, and the amount of risk-weighted assets and leverage exposure, also calculated based on regulatory definitions. 
 We are subject to regulatory capital rules issued by U.S. banking regulators including Basel III (the "Basel III rule"). The Basel III rule establishes minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for banks and bank holding companies ("BHCs"). HSBC North America, HSBC USA and HSBC Bank USA each calculate their risk-based capital requirements for credit risk under the Standardized Approach in the Basel III rule. In 2019, the FRB and the other federal banking agencies jointly finalized rules to implement the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act that tailor the application of the enhanced prudential standards for large BHC and foreign banking organizations (the "Tailoring Rules"). The Tailoring Rules assign each BHC and IHC with 50 billion or more in total U.S. assets into one of five classifications (Categories I through IV, and 'other firms') based on its size and four risk-based indicators. Under the Tailoring Rules, HSBC North America and HSBC Bank USA are subject to Category IV standards. For additional discussion of the Basel III rule requirements, including required minimum capital ratios, as well as further discussion of the Tailoring Rules, Category IV standards and other related regulatory developments and their expected impact see Part I, "Regulation and Competition - Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Requirements," in our 2023 Form 10-K. We continue to review the composition of our capital structure. 
 Regulatory Developments In June 2024, the FDIC issued a final rule to amend its existing resolution planning requirements for insured depository institutions. Under the final rule, banks with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets that are not affiliated with U.S. G-SIBs, including HSBC Bank USA, are required to submit a full resolution plan every three years and an interim supplement in each intervening year, and are subject to increased submission content requirements and expanded engagement and capabilities testing with the FDIC. HSBC Bank USA's next submission will be an interim supplement which is due on or before July 1, 2025, while its next full resolution plan submission is due on or before July 1, 2026. 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing The FRB requires certain U.S. top-tier BHCs and IHCs, including HSBC North America, to comply with the FRB's capital plan rule and CCAR program, as well as the supervisory stress tests conducted by the FRB. The stress tests are forward looking exercises to assess the impact of hypothetical macroeconomic baseline and severely adverse scenarios provided by the FRB on the financial condition and capital adequacy of a CCAR firm over a nine quarter planning horizon. As a Category IV firm, HSBC North America is subject to supervisory stress testing on a biennial basis, and it may opt-in to such testing in an "off year" in order to recalibrate its stress capital buffer based on its most recent supervisory stress test. The FRB continues to supervise Category IV firms on an ongoing basis, including evaluation of the capital adequacy and capital planning processes during off-cycle years. For further discussion of capital planning and stress testing, including detail regarding the FRB's supervisory assessment as part of the CCAR process, see Part I, "Regulation and Competition - Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Requirements," in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 HSBC North America submitted its 2024 CCAR capital plan in April 2024. In June 2024, the FRB publicly disclosed its supervisory stress test results for all CCAR firms, including HSBC North America, and the results are incorporated into the stress capital buffer for HSBC North America. Stress testing results are based solely on hypothetical adverse stress scenarios and should not be viewed or interpreted as forecasts of expected outcomes or capital adequacy or of the actual financial 
 114 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 condition of HSBC North America. Capital planning and stress testing for HSBC North America may impact our future capital and liquidity. 
 While BHC regulatory capital compliance is generally performed at the HSBC North America level, and also separately for HSBC Bank USA, as a BHC we are required to meet minimum capital requirements imposed by the FRB. We present our capital ratios, together with HSBC Bank USA's in Note 14, "Retained Earnings and Regulatory Capital Requirements," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 2024 Funding Strategy Our current estimate for funding needs and sources for 2024 are summarized in the following table: 
 Actual January 1 through 
 September 30, 2024 
 Estimated October 1 through 
 December 31, 2024 
 Estimated Full Year 2024 
 (in billions) Increase (decrease) in funding needs: Net change in loans 4 4 Net change in short-term investments and securities (4) (8) (12) Net change in trading and other assets Total funding needs (8) (8) Increase (decrease) in funding sources: Net change in deposits 2 (2) Net change in trading and other short-term liabilities (2) (6) (8) Net change in long-term debt Total funding sources (8) (8) 
 The above table reflects a long-term funding strategy. Daily balances fluctuate as we accommodate customer needs, while ensuring that we have liquidity in place to support the balance sheet maturity funding profile. Should market conditions deteriorate, we have contingency plans to generate additional liquidity through the sales of assets or financing transactions. We remain confident in our ability to access the market for long-term debt funding needs in the current market environment. We continue to seek well-priced and stable customer deposits. We also continue to sell new agency-eligible conforming residential mortgage loans to third parties. 
 HSBC Bank USA is subject to significant restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, and certain other 'covered transactions' with HSBC USA and other affiliates. For further discussion, see Part I, "Regulation and Competition - Affiliate Transaction Restrictions," in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 See "Risk Management" in this MD A for further discussion relating to our liquidity contingency plans and our approach to liquidity and funding risk management. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As part of our normal operations, we enter into credit derivatives and various off-balance sheet arrangements with affiliates and third parties. These arrangements arise principally in connection with our lending and client intermediation activities and involve primarily commitments to extend credit and, in certain cases, guarantees. 
 Commitments to extend credit include arrangements whereby we are contractually obligated to extend credit in the form of loans, participations in loans or similar transactions. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had commitments to extend credit totaling 92.4 billion and 87.4 billion, respectively, comprised primarily of commercial commitments and, to a lesser extent, consumer commitments. Commercial commitments comprise primarily those related to secured and unsecured loans and lines of credit. Consumer commitments comprise unused MasterCard/Visa credit card lines, where we have the right to change terms or conditions upon notification to the customer, and commitments to extend credit secured by residential properties, where we have the right to change terms or conditions, for cause, upon notification to the customer. For a summary of guarantees, including standby letters of credit and certain credit derivative transactions, as well as the contractual amounts outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, see Note 16, "Guarantee Arrangements, Pledged Asset and Repurchase Agreements," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent our maximum possible credit exposure in the event that a counterparty draws down the full commitment amount or we are required to fulfill our maximum obligation under a guarantee. Many of these commitments and guarantees expire unused or without default. As a result, we believe that the contractual amount is not representative of the actual future credit exposure or funding requirements. 
 115 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 In addition, we had commitments to purchase securities under agreements to resell on a forward starting basis totaling nil and 4.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These contracts typically expire in less than one month and are secured by collateral primarily from U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Our off-balance sheet arrangements also include transactions with unconsolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs"). See Note 15, "Variable Interest Entities," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of these unconsolidated VIEs. 

Fair Value 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy Fair value measurement accounting principles establish a fair value hierarchy structure that prioritizes the inputs to determine the fair value of an asset or liability (the "Fair Value Framework"). The Fair Value Framework distinguishes between inputs that are based on observed market data and unobservable inputs that reflect market participants' assumptions. It emphasizes the use of valuation methodologies that maximize observable market inputs. For financial instruments carried at fair value, the best evidence of fair value is a quoted price in an actively traded market (Level 1). Where the market for a financial instrument is not active, valuation techniques are used. The majority of our valuation techniques use market inputs that are either observable or indirectly derived from and corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the financial instrument (Level 2). Because Level 1 and Level 2 instruments are determined by observable inputs, less judgment is applied in determining their fair values. In the absence of observable market inputs, the financial instrument is valued based on valuation techniques that feature one or more significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The determination of the level of fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement of an asset or a liability is classified often requires judgment and may change over time as market conditions evolve. We consider the following factors in developing the fair value hierarchy: 
 whether the asset or liability is transacted in an active market with a quoted market price; 
 the level of bid-ask spreads; 
 a lack of pricing transparency due to, among other things, complexity of the product and market liquidity; 
 whether only a few transactions are observed over a significant period of time; 
 whether the pricing quotations differ substantially among independent pricing services; 
 whether inputs to the valuation techniques can be derived from or corroborated with market data; and 
 whether significant adjustments are made to the observed pricing information or model output to determine the fair value. 
 Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that the reporting entity has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities. A financial instrument is classified as a Level 1 measurement if it is listed on an exchange or is an instrument actively traded in the over-the-counter ("OTC") market where transactions occur with sufficient frequency and volume. We regard financial instruments such as debt securities, equity securities and derivative contracts listed on the primary exchanges of a country to be actively traded. Non-exchange-traded instruments classified as Level 1 assets include securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, to-be-announced securities, non-callable securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored enterprises and certain foreign government-backed debt. 
 Level 2 inputs are those that are observable either directly or indirectly but do not qualify as Level 1 inputs. We classify mortgage pass-through securities, agency and certain non-agency mortgage collateralized obligations, non-exchange-traded derivative contracts, asset-backed securities, obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions, corporate debt securities, certain foreign government-backed debt, preferred securities, securities purchased and sold under resale and repurchase agreements, precious metals, certain loans held for sale, certain student loans held for investment, residential mortgage loans whose carrying amount was reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, real estate owned and certain client share repurchase transactions as Level 2 measurements. Where possible, at least two quotations from independent sources are obtained based on transactions involving comparable assets and liabilities to validate the fair value of these instruments. We have established a process to understand the methodologies and inputs used by the third-party pricing services to ensure that pricing information meets the fair value objective and, where appropriate, this pricing data is back-tested to market trade executions. Where significant differences arise among the independent pricing quotes and the internally determined fair value, we investigate and reconcile the differences. If the investigation results in a significant adjustment to the fair value, the instrument will be classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. In general, we have observed that there is a correlation between the credit standing and the market liquidity of a non-derivative instrument. 
 Level 2 derivative instruments are generally valued based on discounted future cash flows or an option pricing model adjusted for counterparty credit risk and market liquidity. The fair value of certain derivative products is determined using valuation techniques based on inputs derived from observable indices traded in the OTC market. Appropriate control processes and 
 116 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 procedures have been applied to ensure that the derived inputs are applied to value only those instruments that share similar risks to the relevant benchmark indices and therefore demonstrate a similar response to market factors. 
 Level 3 inputs are unobservable estimates that management expects market participants would use to determine the fair value of the asset or liability. That is, Level 3 inputs incorporate market participants' assumptions about risk and the risk premium required by market participants in order to bear that risk. We develop Level 3 inputs based on the best information available in the circumstances. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value included the following: certain structured deposits and structured notes for which the embedded derivatives have significant unobservable inputs (e.g., volatility or default correlations), certain asset-backed securities, individually assessed commercial loans, mortgage servicing rights, derivatives with certain inputs which are unobservable, certain credit default swaps, certain loans held for sale and swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares for which the fair value is dependent upon the final resolution of the related litigation. See Note 17, "Fair Value Measurements," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on Level 3 inputs. 
 Level 3 Measurements The following table provides information about Level 3 assets/liabilities in relation to total assets/liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars are in millions) Level 3 assets (1)(2) 
 846 729 Total assets measured at fair value (1)(3) 
 60,786 64,748 Level 3 liabilities (1) 
 3,044 2,429 Total liabilities measured at fair value (1) 
 24,804 28,622 Level 3 assets as a percent of total assets measured at fair value 1.4 1.1 Level 3 liabilities as a percent of total liabilities measured at fair value 12.3 8.5 
 
 (1) Presented without netting which allows the offsetting of amounts relating to certain contracts if certain conditions are met. 
 (2) Includes 418 million of recurring Level 3 assets and 428 million of non-recurring Level 3 assets at September 30, 2024. Includes 355 million of recurring Level 3 assets and 374 million of non-recurring Level 3 assets at December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Includes 60,256 million of assets measured on a recurring basis and 530 million of assets measured on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2024. Includes 64,268 million of assets measured on a recurring basis and 480 million of assets measured on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2023. 
 Significant Changes in Fair Value for Level 3 Assets and Liabilities See Note 17, "Fair Value Measurements," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on additions to and transfers into (out of) Level 3 measurements during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as well as for further details including the classification hierarchy associated with assets and liabilities measured at fair value. 
 Effect of Changes in Significant Unobservable Inputs The fair value of certain financial instruments is measured using valuation techniques that incorporate pricing assumptions not supported by, derived from or corroborated by observable market data. The resultant fair value measurements are dependent on unobservable input parameters which can be selected from a range of estimates and may be interdependent. Changes in one or more of the significant unobservable input parameters may change the fair value measurements of these financial instruments. For the purpose of preparing the financial statements, the final valuation inputs selected are based on management's best judgment that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing similar assets or liabilities. 
 The unobservable input parameters selected are subject to the internal valuation control processes and procedures. When we perform a test of all the significant input parameters to the extreme values within the range at the same time, it could result in an increase of the overall fair value measurement of approximately 17 million or a decrease of the overall fair value measurement of approximately 35 million at September 30, 2024. The effect of changes in significant unobservable input parameters are primarily driven by the uncertainty in determining the fair value of certain credit-linked structured notes and swap agreements entered into in conjunction with the sales of Visa Class B Shares. 

Risk Management 
 
 Overview The primary role of risk management is to protect our customers, business, colleagues and the communities that we serve, while ensuring we are able to support our strategy and provide sustainable growth. 
 We aim to use a comprehensive risk management approach across the organization and across all risk types underpinned by our culture and values. This is outlined in our risk management framework, including the key principles and practices that we employ in managing material risks, both financial and non-financial. This framework fosters continuous monitoring, promotes 
 117 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 risk awareness, and encourages sound operational and strategic decision-making and escalation processes. It also supports a consistent approach to identifying, assessing, managing, and reporting the risks we accept and incur in our activities, with clear accountabilities. 
 Our Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for the effective oversight of risk management and approves our risk appetite. It is advised on risk matters by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors, notably risk appetite and its alignment with our strategy, risk governance and internal controls, as well as high-level risk related matters. We use a defined executive risk governance structure to help ensure there is appropriate oversight and accountability embedded throughout our business for the effective management of risk. 
 Our material risks The principal risks associated with our operations include the following: 
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a customer or counterparty fails to meet an obligation under a contract; 
 Treasury risk is the risk of having insufficient capital, liquidity or funding resources to meet financial obligations and satisfy regulatory requirements, including the risk of an adverse impact on earnings or capital due to changes in market interest rates, together with pension risk; 
 Market risk is the risk of an adverse financial impact on trading activities arising from changes in market parameters such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, asset prices, volatilities, correlations and credit spreads; 
 Climate risk relates to the financial and non-financial impacts that may arise as a consequence of climate change and the move to a net zero economy; 
 Resilience risk is the risk of sustained and significant business disruption from execution, delivery, physical security or safety events, causing the inability to provide critical services to our customers, affiliates and counterparties; 
 Regulatory compliance risk is the risk associated with breaching our duty to clients and other counterparties, inappropriate market conduct and breaching related financial services regulatory standards; 
 Financial crime risk is the risk that our products and services will be exploited for criminal activity, including fraud, bribery and corruption, tax evasion, sanctions and export control violations, money laundering, terrorist financing and proliferation financing; 
 Strategic risk is the risk that the business will fail to identify, execute and react appropriately to opportunities and/or threats arising from changes in the market, some of which may emerge over a number of years such as changing economic and political circumstances, customer requirements, demographic trends, regulatory developments or competitor action; and 
 Model risk is the risk of inappropriate or incorrect business decisions arising from the use of models that have been inadequately designed, implemented or used, or from models that do not perform in line with expectations and predictions. 
 In the course of our regular risk management activities, we use models to help quantify the risk we are taking. We believe that the assumptions used in these models are reasonable within the parameters for which the models have been built and calibrated to operate, but events may unfold differently than what is assumed in the models. Adjustments to model outputs to reflect consideration of management judgment are used with stringent governance in place to ensure appropriate results. Models are also monitored to confirm they are performing as intended. 
 See "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of the objectives of our risk management system as well as our risk management policies and practices. Other than the change to treasury risk management discussed below, there have been no material changes to our approach to risk management since December 31, 2023. 
 Credit Risk Management Credit risk is managed through a robust risk identification and control framework which outlines clear and consistent policies, principles and guidance for risk managers. Credit risk is monitored using various internal risk management measures and within limits approved by individuals within a framework of delegated authorities. Our credit risk management procedures are designed for all stages of economic and financial cycles, including challenging periods of market volatility and economic uncertainty. During the first nine months of 2024, economic uncertainty remained due to elevated interest rates and the effects from higher inflation. We continue to monitor the performance of our material commercial loans as conditions evolve and take necessary credit actions where warranted. See "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of our approach to credit risk. 
 Treasury Risk Management We continuously monitor our capital ratios and the impact of market events on our liquidity positions and will continue to adapt our frameworks as necessary to reflect market events and the evolving regulatory landscape and view as to best practices. In the first quarter of 2024, we began managing our non-trading value at risk ("VaR") exposure to a 10-day holding period as compared with the previous approach which was based on a one-day holding period. As a result, we have revised prior year amounts in the non-trading VaR table below in order to conform to the current year presentation. There 
 118 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 have been no other material changes to our approach towards treasury risk management since December 31, 2023. See "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of our approach to treasury risk 
 Capital risk See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in this MD A for a discussion of our approach to capital risk management, including our capital ratios and regulatory capital requirements. 
 Liquidity and funding risk As part of our approach towards liquidity and funding risk management, we employ the measures discussed below to define, monitor and control our liquidity and funding risk in accordance with HSBC policy. 
 HSBC North America is subject to the U.S. liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") rule, which is designed to be a short-term liquidity measure to ensure banks have sufficient High Quality Liquid Assets ("HQLA") to cover net stressed cash outflows over the next 30 days, and both HSBC North America and HSBC Bank USA calculate and report their LCR to U.S. regulators on a daily basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, HSBC Bank USA's LCR remained above 100 percent. Under the Tailoring Rules, a 70 percent LCR requirement applies to Category IV firms with weighted short-term wholesale funding that equals or exceeds 50 billion. As a result, a LCR of 100 percent or higher reflects an unencumbered HQLA balance that is equal to or exceeds 70 percent of a Category IV firm's liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario. HQLA consists of cash or assets that can be converted into cash at little or no loss of value in private markets. 
 HSBC North America is also subject to the U.S. net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") rule, which is a longer term liquidity measure with a 12-month time horizon to ensure a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities, and both HSBC North America and HSBC Bank USA calculate and report their NSFR to U.S. regulators. At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, HSBC Bank USA's NSFR exceeded 100 percent. Under the Tailoring Rules, a 70 percent NSFR requirement applies to Category IV firms with weighted short-term wholesale funding that equals or exceeds 50 billion. As a result, a NSFR of 100 percent or more reflects an available stable funding balance from liabilities and capital over the next 12 months that is equal to or exceeds 70 percent of a Category IV firm's required amount of stable funding for assets and off-balance sheet exposures. In addition, under the United Kingdom ("U.K.") Prudential Regulatory Authority ("PRA") based NSFR rule, HSBC USA's NSFR exceeded 100 percent at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Under the U.K. PRA NSFR rule, a NSFR of 100 percent or more reflects an available stable funding balance from liabilities and capital over the next 12 months that is equal to or exceeds the required amount of stable funding for assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
 As a Category IV firm, HSBC North America is subject to liquidity stress testing and related liquidity buffer and liquidity risk management requirements. HSBC North America and HSBC Bank USA have liquidity profiles to support compliance with these rules and may need to make changes to their liquidity profiles to support compliance with any future rules. 
 Our liquidity and funding risk management approach includes deposits, supplemented by wholesale borrowing to fund our balance sheet, and using security sales or secured borrowings for liquidity stress situations in our liquidity contingency plans. In addition, regulations require banks to retain a portfolio of HQLA. As such, we are maintaining a large portfolio of high quality sovereign and sovereign guaranteed securities. 
 Our ability to regularly attract wholesale funds at a competitive cost is enhanced by strong ratings from the major credit rating agencies. The following table reflects the short and long-term credit ratings of HSBC USA and HSBC Bank USA at September 30, 2024: 
 
 Moody's S P Fitch HSBC USA: Short-term borrowings P-1 A-2 F1+ Long-term/senior debt A2 A- A+ HSBC Bank USA: Short-term borrowings P-1 A-1 F1+ Long-term/senior debt Aa3 A+ AA- 
 Rating agencies continue to evaluate economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices and legal matters, all of which could lead to adverse ratings actions. 
 Although we closely monitor and strive to manage factors influencing our credit ratings, there is no assurance that our credit ratings will not change in the future. At September 30, 2024, none of the ratings on the debt of HSBC USA or HSBC Bank USA from any of the rating agencies were under review for potential downgrade. 
 See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in this MD A for further discussion of our liquidity position, including additional information regarding our outstanding borrowings, the remaining availability of our debt issuance programs and our funding strategy. 
 119 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Interest rate risk Various techniques are utilized to quantify and monitor risks associated with the repricing characteristics of our assets, liabilities and derivative contracts. See "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of our approach to interest rate risk. 
 Economic value of equity ("EVE") EVE represents the present value of the banking book cash flows that could be provided to our equity holder under a managed run-off scenario. An EVE sensitivity represents the change in EVE due to a defined movement in interest rates. We manage to an immediate parallel upward shock of 200 basis points and an immediate parallel downward shock of 200 basis points to the market implied interest rates. At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our EVE remained within risk limits for the up 200 and down 200 basis point interest rate shock scenarios. 
 Earnings-at-risk Earnings-at-risk is a measure of interest rate risk in the banking book generated by our non-trading assets and liabilities that primarily includes loans, deposits with banks, investment securities, deposits, long-term debt and any associated interest rate hedges that are not held for trading intent or in order to hedge positions held with trading intent. Earnings-at-risk utilizes a number of interest rate scenarios to estimate the impact on projected banking book net interest income over a twelve month period, such as rate shock scenarios which assume immediate market rate movements by 100 basis points, as well as scenarios in which rates gradually rise or fall by 100 basis points. In the gradual scenarios, 25 percent of the interest rate movement occurs at the beginning of each quarter. The following table reflects the estimated impact of the earnings-at-risk scenarios on projected banking book net interest income: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Amount (dollars are in millions) Estimated increase (decrease) in projected banking book net interest income (reflects projected rate movements on October 1, 2024 and January 1, 2024, respectively): 
 Resulting from a gradual 100 basis point increase in the yield curve (28) (1) (17) (1) Resulting from a gradual 100 basis point decrease in the yield curve 12 (33) (1) Other significant scenarios monitored (reflects projected rate movements on October 1, 2024 and January 1, 2024, respectively): 
 Resulting from an immediate 100 basis point increase in the yield curve (47) (2) (37) (1) Resulting from an immediate 100 basis point decrease in the yield curve 28 1 (16) (1) 
 The projections do not take into consideration possible complicating factors such as the effect of changes in interest rates on the credit quality, size and composition of the balance sheet. Therefore, although this provides a reasonable estimate of interest rate sensitivity, actual results will differ from these estimates, possibly by significant amounts. 
 Non-trading VaR Non-trading VaR estimates potential valuation changes that could arise from market movements impacting the behavioralized interest rate risk of non-trading financial assets and liabilities held by the global businesses and transfer priced into and managed by Markets Treasury, and the associated hedging activity performed by Markets Treasury (including our investment portfolio of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities). Our investment portfolio holdings comprise mainly U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed and U.S. Government sponsored mortgage-backed securities. Our non-trading VaR exposure is driven by interest rates and mortgage-backed security spread volatility. Refer to "Market Risk Management" below for further discussion regarding VaR and the management of market risk in our non-trading portfolios. 
 The following table summarizes our non-trading VaR for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023: 
 Credit Spread Interest Rate Portfolio Diversification (1) 
 Total (1) 
 (in millions) At September 30, 2024 230 152 (141) 241 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Average 287 233 (167) 353 Maximum 305 312 415 Minimum 204 130 230 At December 31, 2023 326 226 (197) 355 
 
 (1) Refer to the Trading VaR table in "Market Risk Management" below for additional information. 
 120 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Market Risk Management Exposure to market risk is separated into two portfolios: 
 Trading portfolios comprise positions held for client servicing and market-making, with the intention of short-term resale and/or to hedge risks resulting from such positions. 
 Non-trading portfolios comprise positions that primarily arise from the interest rate management of our retail and commercial banking assets and liabilities as well as financial investments classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. 
 We apply similar risk management policies and measurement techniques to both trading and non-trading portfolios. Our objective is to manage and control market risk exposures to optimize return on risk while maintaining a market profile consistent with our established risk appetite. See "Risk Management" in MD A in our 2023 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of our approach to market risk. 
 Value at risk ("VaR") VaR is a technique for estimating potential losses on risk positions as a result of movements in market rates and prices over a specified time horizon and to a given level of confidence. The use of VaR is integrated into market risk management and calculated for all trading positions regardless of how we capitalize them. In addition, we calculate VaR for non-trading portfolios to have a complete picture of risk. VaR measures are calculated to a 99 percent confidence level and use a one-day holding period for trading VaR and a 10-day holding period for non-trading VaR. 
 Trading VaR Trading VaR is generated principally from trading activities within the MSS segment of GBM. These primarily include positions in various products across rates, foreign exchange and credit asset classes. 
 The following graph summarizes daily VaR for our trading portfolios at a 99 percent confidence level (in millions): 
 
 The following table summarizes our trading VaR for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023: 
 Credit Spread Foreign Exchange and Commodity Interest Rate Portfolio Diversification (1) 
 Total (2) 
 (in millions) At September 30, 2024 1 1 3 (2) 3 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Average 1 1 3 (1) 4 Maximum 1 4 6 6 Minimum 1 2 At December 31, 2023 1 1 2 
 
 (1) Portfolio diversification is the market risk dispersion effect of holding a portfolio containing different risk types. It represents the reduction in unsystematic market risk that occurs when combining a number of different risk types, for example, foreign exchange, interest rate and credit spread, together in one portfolio. It is measured as the difference between the sum of the VaR by individual risk type and the combined total VaR. A negative number represents the benefit of portfolio diversification. As the maximum and minimum occur on different days for different risk types, it is not meaningful to calculate a portfolio diversification benefit for these measures. 
 (2) The total VaR is non-additive across risk types due to diversification effects. For presentation purposes, portfolio diversification of the VaR for trading portfolios includes VaR-based risk-not-in-VaR. 
 Refer to "Treasury Risk Management" above for disclosure of our non-trading VaR. 
 Back-testing We routinely validate the accuracy of our VaR models by back-testing them against hypothetical profit and loss that excludes non-modeled items such as fees, commissions and revenues of intra-day transactions from the actual reported profit and loss. We would expect, under stable market conditions, to experience two or three losses in excess of VaR at the 99 
 121 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 percent confidence level over a one-year period. However, in periods of unstable market conditions, we could see an increase in the number of back-testing exceptions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we experienced one loss back-testing exception in the third quarter due primarily to increased market volatility in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 
 122 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCES AND INTEREST RATES 
 
 The following table summarizes the quarter-to-date and year-to-date average daily balances of the principal components of assets, liabilities and equity together with their respective interest amounts and rates earned or paid. Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by the average interest earning assets from which interest income is earned. Loan interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included fees of 7 million and 21 million, respectively, compared with fees of 7 million and 20 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate (dollars are in millions) Assets: Interest bearing deposits with banks 
 27,419 314 4.56 31,152 269 3.43 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (1) 
 2,267 89 15.62 6,661 129 7.68 Trading securities 19,789 94 1.89 16,684 72 1.71 Securities 42,514 481 4.50 39,733 414 4.13 Loans: Commercial 41,171 736 7.11 40,238 721 7.11 Consumer: Residential mortgages 19,837 199 3.99 17,694 152 3.41 Home equity mortgages 392 8 8.12 369 7 7.53 Credit cards 185 5 10.75 196 5 10.12 Other consumer 67 2 11.88 108 2 7.35 Total consumer 20,481 214 4.16 18,367 166 3.59 Total loans 61,652 950 6.13 58,605 887 6.00 Other 1,532 18 4.67 1,940 21 4.29 Total interest earning assets 155,173 1,946 4.99 154,775 1,792 4.59 Allowance for credit losses (574) (592) Cash and due from banks 637 856 Other assets 9,048 10,767 Total assets 164,284 165,806 Liabilities and Equity: 
 Domestic deposits: Savings deposits 42,041 325 3.08 48,834 357 2.90 Time deposits 21,593 313 5.77 18,412 283 6.10 Other interest bearing deposits 29,887 351 4.67 21,911 278 5.03 Foreign deposits 5,564 57 4.08 5,435 53 3.87 Total interest bearing deposits 99,085 1,046 4.20 94,592 971 4.07 Short-term borrowings: Securities sold under repurchase agreements (1) 
 1,245 74 23.65 321 42 51.91 Commercial paper 5,695 84 5.87 5,434 80 5.84 Other short-term borrowings 680 4 2.34 1,535 17 4.39 Total short-term borrowings 7,620 162 8.46 7,290 139 7.56 Long-term debt 17,743 282 6.32 19,152 297 6.15 Total interest bearing debt 124,448 1,490 4.76 121,034 1,407 4.61 Tax liabilities and other 1,572 17 4.30 1,280 13 4.03 Total interest bearing liabilities 126,020 1,507 4.76 122,314 1,420 4.61 Net interest income/Interest rate spread 
 439 .23 372 (.01) Noninterest bearing deposits 19,952 25,265 Other liabilities 6,302 6,478 Total equity 12,010 11,749 Total liabilities and equity 
 164,284 165,806 Net interest margin on average earning assets 
 1.13 .95 
 123 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate (dollars are in millions) Assets: Interest bearing deposits with banks 
 28,563 942 4.41 32,589 809 3.32 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (1) 
 3,729 319 11.43 8,075 415 6.87 Trading securities 18,936 268 1.89 14,307 181 1.69 Securities 41,502 1,388 4.47 37,987 1,105 3.89 Loans: Commercial 40,950 2,182 7.12 41,535 2,084 6.71 Consumer: Residential mortgages 19,191 558 3.88 17,254 429 3.32 Home equity mortgages 389 22 7.55 367 19 6.92 Credit cards 186 15 10.77 197 13 8.82 Other consumer 78 5 8.56 120 6 6.68 Total consumer 19,844 600 4.04 17,938 467 3.48 Total loans 60,794 2,782 6.11 59,473 2,551 5.73 Other 1,585 57 4.80 1,893 58 4.10 Total interest earning assets 155,109 5,756 4.96 154,324 5,119 4.43 Allowance for credit losses (583) (593) Cash and due from banks 728 906 Other assets 9,000 11,427 Total assets 164,254 166,064 Liabilities and Equity: 
 Domestic deposits: Savings deposits 42,774 981 3.06 48,790 931 2.55 Time deposits 21,402 935 5.84 17,142 739 5.76 Other interest bearing deposits 27,862 1,011 4.85 21,051 776 4.93 Foreign deposits 5,629 168 3.99 5,793 150 3.46 Total interest bearing deposits 97,667 3,095 4.23 92,776 2,596 3.74 Short-term borrowings: Securities sold under repurchase agreements (1) 
 832 195 31.31 400 124 41.45 Commercial paper 5,719 257 6.00 5,361 211 5.26 Other short-term borrowings 756 20 3.53 948 24 3.38 Total short-term borrowings 7,307 472 8.63 6,709 359 7.15 Long-term debt 18,382 865 6.29 19,053 843 5.92 Total interest bearing debt 123,356 4,432 4.80 118,538 3,798 4.28 Tax liabilities and other 1,418 47 4.43 1,149 32 3.72 Total interest bearing liabilities 124,774 4,479 4.79 119,687 3,830 4.28 Net interest income/Interest rate spread 
 1,277 .17 1,289 .15 Noninterest bearing deposits 21,402 27,858 Other liabilities 6,283 6,251 Total equity 11,795 12,268 Total liabilities and equity 
 164,254 166,064 Net interest margin on average earning assets 
 1.10 1.12 
 
 (1) The denominators used in the calculation of the rates on federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements and securities sold under repurchase agreements reflect the net amounts presented in the balance sheet. 
 124 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Information required by this Item is included within Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Risk Management section under the captions "Treasury Risk Management - Interest Rate Risk" and "Market Risk Management." 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by HSBC USA in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. Our Board of Directors, operating through its Audit Committee, which is composed entirely of independent non-executive directors, provides oversight to our financial reporting process. 
 We conducted an evaluation, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report so as to alert them in a timely fashion to material information required to be disclosed in reports we file under the Exchange Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in HSBC USA's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 18, "Litigation and Regulatory Matters," in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for our legal proceedings disclosure, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Disclosures pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act requires each issuer registered with the SEC to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions with persons or entities targeted by U.S. sanctions programs relating to Iran, terrorism, or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, even if those activities are not prohibited by U.S. law and are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with local laws and regulations. 
 To comply with this requirement, HSBC has requested relevant information from its affiliates globally. During the period covered by this Form 10-Q, HUSI did not engage in activities or transactions requiring disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) other than those activities related to frozen accounts and transactions permitted under relevant U.S. sanctions programs described under "Frozen Accounts and Transactions" below. The following activities conducted by our affiliates are disclosed in response to Section 13(r): 
 Legacy contractual obligations related to guarantees Between 1996 and 2007, the HSBC Group provided guarantees to a number of its non-Iranian customers in Europe and the Middle East for various business activities in Iran. In a number of cases, the HSBC Group issued counter indemnities involving Iranian banks as the Iranian beneficiaries of the guarantees required that they be backed directly by Iranian banks. The Iranian banks to which the HSBC Group provided counter indemnities included Bank Tejarat, Bank Melli, and the Bank of Industry and Mine. 
 There was no measurable gross revenue in the third quarter of 2024 under those guarantees and counter indemnities. The HSBC Group does not allocate direct costs to fees and commissions and, therefore, has not disclosed a separate net profit measure. The HSBC Group is seeking to cancel all relevant guarantees and counter indemnities, and does not currently intend to provide any new guarantees or counter indemnities involving Iran. No guarantees were cancelled in the third quarter of 2024, and approximately 14 remain outstanding. 
 125 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Other relationships with Iranian banks Activity related to U.S.-sanctioned Iranian banks not covered elsewhere in this disclosure includes the following: 
 The HSBC Group acts as the trustee and administrator for a pension scheme involving employees of a U.S.-sanctioned Iranian bank in Asia. Under the rules of this scheme, the HSBC Group accepts contributions from the Iranian bank each month and allocates the funds into the pension accounts of the Iranian bank s employees. The HSBC Group runs and operates this pension scheme in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Estimated gross revenue, which includes fees and/or commissions, generated by this pension scheme during the third quarter of 2024, was approximately 609. 
 For the Iranian bank related-activity discussed above, the HSBC Group does not allocate direct costs to fees and commissions and, therefore, has not disclosed a separate net profit measure. 
 The HSBC Group currently intends to continue to wind down the above activities, to the extent legally permissible, and not enter into any new such activity. 
 Activity related to U.S. Executive Order 13224 The HSBC Group has individual and corporate customers in the Middle East that, during the third quarter of 2024, made local currency check payments for the rental of property to a corporate entity designated under Executive Order 13224. The HSBC Group processed these checks on behalf of its customers. 
 For this activity, there was no measurable gross revenue or net profit to the HSBC Group during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Activity related to U.S. Executive Order 13382 The HSBC Group has an individual customer in Asia that was designated under Executive Order 13882 in the second quarter of 2023. The customer's accounts were restricted at the time and the relationship was exited in the third quarter of 2024. As part of the exit process, the HSBC Group returned the customer's funds to the customer. 
 For this activity, there was no measurable gross revenue or net profit to the HSBC Group during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Other activity The HSBC Group has a non-Iranian insurance company customer in the Middle East that, during the third quarter of 2024, made local currency domestic payments for the reimbursement of medical treatment to a hospital located outside Iran that is owned by the Government of Iran. The HSBC Group processed these payments from its customer to the hospital. 
 The HSBC Group has individual and corporate customers in the Middle East that received local currency checks from an insurance company that is owned by the Government of Iran during the third quarter of 2024. The HSBC Group processed the checks from the insurance company to its customers. 
 The HSBC Group has individual and corporate customers in Europe that, during the third quarter of 2024, made small local currency domestic payments to, or received such payments from, an Iranian embassy. These customers are engaged in activities that require consular services provided by the embassies or provide goods and services that support the conduct of the official business of the embassies. The HSBC Group processed these payments between its customers and the Iranian embassy. 
 For these activities, there was no measurable gross revenue or net profit to the HSBC Group during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Frozen accounts and transactions The HSBC Group and HSBC Bank USA (a subsidiary of HUSI) maintain several accounts that are frozen as a result of relevant sanctions programs, and safekeeping boxes and other similar custodial relationships, for which no activity, except as licensed or authorized, or otherwise related to the maintenance of such accounts as consistent with applicable law, took place during the third quarter of 2024. There was no measurable gross revenue or net profit to the HSBC Group during the third quarter of 2024 relating to these frozen accounts. 
 126 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 3(i) Articles of Incorporation and amendments and supplements thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to HSBC USA Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 , Exhibit 3 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 , Exhibit 3.2 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2005 , Exhibit 3.3 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2005 , Exhibit 3.2 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2005 , Exhibit 3.2 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 22, 2006 and Exhibit 3.2 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2016 ). 
 3(ii) Bylaws of HSBC USA Inc., as Amended and Restated effective July 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to HSBC USA Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 21, 2022 ). 
 31 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (1) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 (1) Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, includes the following financial information included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language ("Inline XBRL"): (i) the Consolidated Statement of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 127 

HSBC USA Inc. 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, HSBC USA Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: October 29, 2024 
 HSBC USA INC. By: /s/ ANDREW FULLAM Andrew Fullam Chief Financial Officer 
 
 128 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit319302410-q.htm
 EX-31

Document 

EXHIBIT 31 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Michael Roberts, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of HSBC USA Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 s MICHAEL ROBERTS Michael Roberts Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Andrew Fullam, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of HSBC USA Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 s ANDREW FULLAM Andrew Fullam Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit329302410-q.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the HSBC USA Inc. (the Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 I, Michael Roberts, certify that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of HSBC USA Inc. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s MICHAEL ROBERTS Michael Roberts Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by HSBC USA Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to HSBC USA Inc. and will be retained by HSBC USA Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the HSBC USA Inc. (the Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 I, Andrew Fullam, certify that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of HSBC USA Inc. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 s ANDREW FULLAM Andrew Fullam Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by HSBC USA Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to HSBC USA Inc. and will be retained by HSBC USA Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 hsbcusa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 hsbcusa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 hsbcusa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 hsbcusa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 hsbcusa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

