<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_1283699_0001283699-24-000142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11696824</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1879969</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4643627</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2587131</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2090111</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001283699-24-000142.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023160657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001283699-24-000142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			T-Mobile US, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001283699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				200836269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33409
		FILM NUMBER:		241389282

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12920 SE 38TH STREET
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-318-9270

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12920 SE 38TH STREET
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METROPCS COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001283699-24-000142.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 tmus-20240930.htm
 TMUS FORM 10-Q

tmus-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Shares Outstanding as of October 18, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 

1 

T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 6 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 58 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 58 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 58 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 59 
 Signatures 
 60 

2 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Equipment installment plan receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount of and 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Financing lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Spectrum licenses Other intangible assets, net Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount of and 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term debt Deferred revenue Short-term operating lease liabilities Short-term financing lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term debt to affiliates Tower obligations Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Financing lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 per share, shares authorized; and shares issued, and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Postpaid revenues Prepaid revenues Wholesale and other service revenues Total service revenues Equipment revenues Other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below Selling, general and administrative Gain on disposal group held for sale ) Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other expense, net Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Reclassification of loss from cash flow hedges, net of tax effect of , , and 
 Net unrealized loss on fair value hedges, net of tax effect of ), , ) and 
 ) ) Unrealized gain on foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax effect of , , and 
 Amortization of actuarial gain, net of tax effect of ), ), ) and ) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax expense Bad debt expense Losses from sales of receivables Loss on remeasurement of disposal group held for sale Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) ) ) Equipment installment plan receivables ) Inventory ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Other current and long-term assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Short- and long-term operating lease liabilities ) ) ) ) Other current and long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest of ), ), ) and ) 
 ) ) ) ) Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits ) ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of tower sites Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired ) Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of financing lease obligations ) ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash held for sale ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash held for sale Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Common Stock Outstanding Treasury Stock Outstanding Treasury Shares at Cost Par Value and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Ka ena Acquisition upfront consideration Other, net ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Common Stock Outstanding Treasury Stock Outstanding Treasury Shares at Cost Par Value and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 9 
 Note 2 
 Business Combinations 
 10 
 Note 3 
 Joint Ventures 
 13 
 Note 4 
 Receivables and Related Allowance for Credit Losses 
 13 
 Note 5 
 Sales of Certain Receivables 
 15 
 Note 6 
 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets 
 17 
 Note 7 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 20 
 Note 8 
 Debt 
 22 
 Note 9 
 Tower Obligations 
 24 
 Note 10 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 25 
 Note 11 
 Stockholder Return Program 
 27 
 Note 12 
 Earnings Per Share 
 28 
 Note 13 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 28 
 Note 14 
 Additional Financial Information 
 31 
 Note 15 
 Subsequent Even ts 
 32 

8 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion of euro EUR denominated debt. T-Mobile s functional currency is the U.S. dollar USD ). Each period, we convert activity and balances in EUR into USD using average exchange rates for the period for income statement amounts and using end-of-period or spot exchange rates for assets and liabilities. We record transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of transaction currency to functional currency as a component of Other income, net on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 

9 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the outstanding equity of Ka ena Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Mint Mobile LLC (collectively, Ka ena ), for a maximum purchase price of billion to be paid out in cash and in shares of T-Mobile common stock (the Ka ena Acquisition ). On March 13, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, which amended, among other things, certain mechanics of the payment of the purchase consideration for the Ka ena Acquisition, which resulted in a nominal increase in the percentage of cash compared to shares of T-Mobile common stock to be paid out as part of the total purchase price. 
 
 Upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, on May 1, 2024 (the Acquisition Date ), we completed the Ka ena Acquisition, and as a result, Ka ena became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile. Concurrently and as agreed upon through the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, T-Mobile and Ka ena entered into certain separate transactions, including the effective settlement of the preexisting wholesale arrangement between T-Mobile and Ka ena and agreements with certain of the sellers to provide services to T-Mobile during the post-acquisition period. 
 
 Ka ena is a provider of prepaid mobile services in the U.S. through its primary brands, Mint Mobile and Ultra Mobile, and also offers a selection of wireless devices, including handsets and other mobile communication devices. Prior to the Ka ena Acquisition, Ka ena was a wholesale partner of the Company for which we recognized service revenues within Wholesale and other service revenues on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, and for which Ka ena incurred related expenses for the use of our network. On the Acquisition Date, this relationship was effectively terminated, and the Company acquired Ka ena s prepaid customer relationships and began to recognize service revenues associated with these customers within Prepaid revenues and operating expenses primarily within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income subsequent to the Acquisition Date. The Ka ena Acquisition enhances the Company s position as a leading prepaid wireless carrier by diversifying our brand identities, enhancing our distribution footprint and preserving the value of our relationship with Ka ena through its acquisition, including the acquisition of its prepaid customer relationships. 
 
 The financial results of Ka ena from the Acquisition Date through September 30, 2024, were not material to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, nor were they material to our prior period consolidated results on a pro forma basis. Costs related to the Ka ena Acquisition were not material to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Consideration Transferred 
 
 In accordance with the terms of the Merger and Unit Purchase Agreement, the total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026. The amount of the upfront payment is subject to customary adjustments and is expected to be finalized by the end of 2024. 
 
 10 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in cash and shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total payment fair value of million. An additional amount of the upfront payment payable to certain sellers was deferred and may be paid through January 2026. As of the Acquisition Date, we recognized a liability of million for the fair value of this deferred amount, which is included in the fair value of consideration transferred in the Ka ena Acquisition. Furthermore, a portion of the upfront payment made on the Acquisition Date was for the settlement of the preexisting wholesale relationship with Ka ena and excluded from the fair value of consideration transferred in the Ka ena Acquisition. 
 
 Based on the amount of the upfront payment, up to an additional million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka ena s achievement of specified performance indicators. 
 
 million of the potential earnout amount is payment for the acquired Ka ena business. As of the Acquisition Date, we recognized a liability of million for the fair value of such contingent consideration. This liability will be adjusted to fair value at each future reporting date until settled, with a corresponding offset recorded to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 million of the potential earnout amount is payment for services to be provided to T-Mobile by certain of the sellers during the post-acquisition period, as well as the replacement of equity awards of certain Ka ena employees. We will record expenses as such services are provided during the post-acquisition period within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, with a corresponding offset to Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 billion, comprised of the following: 
 (in millions) May 1, 2024 Fair value of T-Mobile common stock issued to Ka ena stockholders related to the upfront payment Fair value of cash paid to Ka ena stockholders related to the upfront payment Fair value of contingent consideration Fair value of deferred consideration Total fair value of consideration exchanged 
 
 The fair value of contingent consideration related to the earnout was estimated using the income approach, a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, whereby a Monte Carlo simulation method estimated the probability of different outcomes. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach for the contingent consideration include forecasted Ka ena financial information, primarily revenue, marketing costs and customer metrics, the probability of achieving the forecasted financial information and the discount rate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of liabilities for contingent consideration and million of liabilities for post-acquisition services were presented within Other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 We have accounted for the Ka ena Acquisition as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Ka ena were recorded at their provisionally assigned fair values as of the Acquisition Date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. Assigning fair values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Acquisition Date requires the use of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. For the provisionally assigned fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we used the cost and income approaches. 
 
 11 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Short-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration transferred 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill with a provisionally assigned value of million represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The provisionally assigned goodwill recognized includes expected growth in customers and service revenues to be achieved from the operations of the combined company, the assembled workforce of Ka ena and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Of the total provisionally assigned amount of goodwill resulting from the Ka ena Acquisition of million, the preliminary amount deductible for tax purposes is million. All of the goodwill acquired is allocated to the Wireless reporting unit. 
 
 Other intangible assets acquired primarily include million of customer relationships with an estimated weighted-average useful life of , million of tradenames with an estimated weighted-average useful life of and million of other intangible assets with an estimated weighted-average useful life of . The customer relationships are being amortized using the sum-of-the-years digits method over their estimated useful lives, and the tradenames are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 The preliminary fair value of customer relationships was estimated using the income approach. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach include forecasted subscriber churn rates, revenue over an estimated period of time, the discount rate and estimated income taxes. 
 
 UScellular Wireless Operations 
 
 On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with United States Cellular Corporation UScellular ), Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., and USCC Wireless Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. Upon closing of the transaction, we expect to account for the UScellular transaction as a business combination and to consolidate the acquired operations. 
 12 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 master license agreement to lease space on at least towers being retained and to extend our tenancy term on approximately towers where we are already leasing space from UScellular for years post-closing. We estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments associated with the master license agreement will be billion over years post-closing. 

million in the joint venture to acquire a equity interest and all existing Lumos fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used by the joint venture to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately million in 2027 or 2028 for the existing business plan. 
 
 On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR Co. Inc. KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet Holdings, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Metronet ), a fiber-to-the-home platform. This arrangement is expected to close in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately billion in the joint venture to acquire a equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing for the existing business plan. 
 
 Upon closing of the transactions, we expect to account for the Lumos and Metronet joint ventures under the equity method of accounting and recognize service revenues for the acquired Lumos and Metronet fiber customers and wholesale costs paid to the joint ventures for network access within Cost of services on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 

portfolio segments: accounts receivable and equipment installment plan EIP receivables. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Portfolio Segment 
 
 Accounts receivable balances are predominately comprised of amounts currently due from customers (e.g., for wireless communications services), device insurance administrators, wholesale partners, other carriers and third-party retail channels. 
 
 We estimate credit losses associated with our accounts receivable portfolio segment using an expected credit loss model, which utilizes an aging schedule methodology based on historical information and is adjusted for asset-specific considerations, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 Our approach considers a number of factors, including our overall historical credit losses and payment experience, as well as current collection trends such as write-off frequency and severity. We also consider other qualitative factors such as current and forecasted macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 13 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 customer classes of Prime and Subprime. Prime customer receivables are those with lower credit risk, and Subprime customer receivables are those with higher credit risk. Customers may be required to make a down payment on their equipment purchases if their assessed credit risk exceeds established underwriting thresholds. In addition, certain customers within the Subprime category may be required to pay a deposit. 
 
 To determine a customer s credit profile and assist in determining their credit class, we use a proprietary credit scoring model that measures the credit quality of a customer leveraging several factors, such as credit bureau information and consumer credit risk scores, as well as service and device plan characteristics. 
 
 EIP receivables had a combined weighted-average effective interest rate of and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Unamortized imputed discount ) ) EIP receivables, net of unamortized imputed discount Allowance for credit losses ) ) EIP receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount Classified on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as: 
 Equipment installment plan receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount EIP receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount 
 
 Many of our loss estimation techniques rely on delinquency-based models; therefore, delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality in the establishment of our allowance for credit losses for EIP receivables. We manage our EIP receivables portfolio segment using delinquency and customer credit class as key credit quality indicators. 
 
 31 - 60 days past due 61 - 90 days past due More than 90 days past due EIP receivables, net of unamortized imputed discount 
 
 We estimate credit losses on our EIP receivables segment by applying an expected credit loss model, which relies on historical loss data adjusted for current conditions to calculate default probabilities or an estimate for the frequency of customer default. Our assessment of default probabilities or frequency includes receivables delinquency status, historical loss experience, how long the receivables have been outstanding and customer credit ratings, as well as customer tenure. We multiply these estimated default probabilities by our estimated loss given default, which is the estimated amount of default or the severity of loss. 
 14 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Bad debt expense Write-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in imputed discount on short-term and long-term EIP receivables N/A N/A Impact on the imputed discount from sales of EIP receivables N/A ) ) N/A ) ) Allowance for credit losses and imputed discount, end of period 
 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Exposures 
 
 We do not have material off-balance-sheet credit exposures as of September 30, 2024. In connection with the sales of certain service accounts receivable and EIP receivables pursuant to the sale arrangements, we have deferred purchase price assets included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model using Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. See Note 5 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. 

billion. 
 
 In connection with this EIP Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the EIP BRE ). We consolidate the EIP BRE under the VIE model. 
 
 Other assets 
 
 15 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. 
 
 In connection with the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity, to sell service accounts receivable (the Service BRE ). We consolidate the Service BRE under the VIE model. 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 Sales of Receivables 
 
 Other current assets of which, deferred purchase price Other long-term assets of which, deferred purchase price Other current liabilities Net cash proceeds since inception Of which: Change in net cash proceeds during the year-to-date period ) ) Net cash proceeds funded by reinvested collections 
 
 At inception, we elected to measure the deferred purchase price at fair value with changes in fair value included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The fair value of the deferred purchase price is determined based on a discounted cash flow model which uses primarily Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, our deferred purchase price related to the sales of service accounts receivable and EIP receivables was million and million, respectively. 
 
 We recognized losses from sales of receivables, including changes in fair value of the deferred purchase price, of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the EIP Sale Arrangement and an amendment to the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement (together, the Pledge Amendments ). Currently, the credit enhancement feature of each of the EIP Sale Arrangement and the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement consists of additional receivables sold in excess of the funding commitments and such additional receivables are represented by a deferred purchase price for each arrangement, consisting of a receivable from the purchasers that entitles us to certain collections on the receivables. 
 
 16 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Preliminary goodwill from the Ka ena Acquisition in 2024 Balance as of September 30, 2024, net of accumulated impairment losses of 

Spectrum Licenses 
 
 Spectrum license acquisitions Spectrum licenses transferred to held for sale ) Costs to clear spectrum Spectrum licenses, end of period 
 
 Cash payments to acquire spectrum licenses and payments for costs to clear spectrum are included in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Spectrum Transactions 
 
 In September 2022, the Federal Communications Commission FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of licenses in Auction 108 (2.5 GHz spectrum) for an aggregate price of million. At inception of Auction 108 in June 2022, we deposited million. We paid the FCC the remaining million for the licenses won in the auction in September 2022. On February 29, 2024, the FCC issued to us the licenses won in Auction 108, and substantially all of these licenses were deployed in March 2024. The licenses are included in Spectrum licenses on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Spectrum Exchange Transactions 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized gains associated with the closing of certain spectrum exchange transactions of million and million, respectively, as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. There were gains and losses associated with spectrum exchange transactions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 17 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion of spectrum licenses were classified as held for sale within Other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to spectrum exchange agreements pending regulatory approval and closing, which are expected to close in the next twelve months. The closings of these transactions are not expected to have a significant impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 15, 2024, we closed on an agreement with a third party for the exchange of certain of our 39 GHz spectrum licenses for certain of their 24 GHz spectrum licenses. We expect to record the spectrum licenses received at their estimated fair values of million and recognize an associated gain of million as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 License Purchase Agreements 
 
 DISH Network Corporation 
 
 On July 1, 2020, we and DISH Network Corporation DISH entered into a license purchase agreement (the DISH License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which DISH agreed to purchase certain 800 MHz spectrum licenses for a total of approximately billion. On October 15, 2023, we and DISH entered into an amendment (the LPA Amendment to the DISH License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed that (1) DISH will pay us a million non-refundable extension fee (in lieu of the approximately million termination fee that had previously been agreed to), (2) the closing for the purchase of the spectrum licenses by DISH will occur no later than April 1, 2024, (3) if DISH has not purchased the spectrum licenses by such date for any reason (including failure to receive the required FCC approval prior to such date), then the DISH License Purchase Agreement will automatically terminate, and we will retain the million extension fee, (4) if DISH does purchase the spectrum by April 1, 2024, the million extension fee will be credited against the billion purchase price, and (5) we are permitted to commence auction of the spectrum prior to April 1, 2024 at our discretion (and subject to DISH s purchase right). The LPA Amendment was approved by the Court and became effective on October 23, 2023. On October 25, 2023, we received a payment of million from DISH for the extension fee and recorded a corresponding liability within Other current liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 DISH did not purchase the 800 MHz spectrum by April 1, 2024. As such, we recognized a gain for the million extension fee previously paid by DISH during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and relieved the liability that was initially recorded upon receipt of the payment. On October 1, 2024, we concluded the auction process for the disposition of the spectrum as required under the final judgment agreed to by us, Deutsche Telekom AG DT ), Sprint LLC, SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank and DISH with the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, which was approved by the Court on April 1, 2020, to offer the licenses for sale. We did not receive a qualifying bid and have been relieved of the obligation to sell the spectrum licenses. We are currently exploring alternatives to sell or utilize the spectrum licenses. 
 
 Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we, Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (together with Channel 51 License Co LLC, the Sellers entered into License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from the Sellers in exchange for total cash consideration of billion. The licenses will be acquired without any associated networks and are currently being utilized by us through exclusive leasing arrangements with the Sellers. 
 
 On March 30, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we and the Sellers agreed to separate the transaction into tranches of licenses, with the closings on the acquisitions of certain licenses in Chicago, Dallas and New Orleans being deferred in order to potentially expedite the regulatory approval process for the remainder of the licenses. Subsequently, on August 25, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amendments No. 1 to the Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements, which deferred the closings of certain additional licenses in Chicago and Dallas into the second closing tranche. Together, the licenses with closings deferred into the second closing tranche represent billion of the aggregate billion cash consideration. The licenses being acquired by us, and the total consideration being paid for the licenses, remain the same under the original License Purchase Agreements and subsequent amendments. 
 
 The FCC approved the purchase of the first tranche on December 29, 2023. The first tranche closed on June 24, 2024, and the associated payment of billion was made on August 5, 2024. 
 18 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million to occur in December 2024. 
 
 We anticipate that the closing on the remaining deferred licenses in the second tranche will occur in 2025. 
 
 The parties have agreed that each of the closings will occur within days after the receipt of the applicable required regulatory approvals, and payment of each portion of the aggregate billion purchase price will occur no later than days after the date of each respective closing. 
 
 N77 License Co LLC 
 
 On September 10, 2024, we entered into a license purchase agreement with N77 License Co LLC Buyer ), pursuant to which Buyer has the option to purchase all or a portion of our remaining 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses in exchange for a range of cash consideration, with the specific licenses sold to be determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by Buyer. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the licenses subject to the license purchase agreement were held at cost of billion in Spectrum licenses on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We maintain the right to terminate the license purchase agreement no later than February 7, 2025, after our receipt of written notice of committed financing as of December 9, 2024, if the Buyer s committed financing is less than a certain target level of cash consideration. The transaction is subject to FCC approval. We do not expect the transaction to have a material impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 years 
 ) ) Reacquired rights Up to years 
 ) ) Tradenames and patents (1) 
 Up to years 
 ) ) Favorable spectrum leases Up to years 
 ) ) Other (1) 
 Up to years 
 ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) 

Amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 19 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion to USD borrowings, with the same maturities of five , eight and years. The swaps qualify and have been designated as fair value hedges of our EUR-denominated debt, mitigating our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses. 
 
 Accordingly, all changes in the fair value of the swaps will be initially recorded through Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified to earnings in an amount that exactly offsets the periodic transaction gain or loss on remeasuring the debt, such that there will be no earnings volatility due to changes in foreign-currency exchange rates. Transaction gains or losses on remeasuring the EUR-denominated debt, as well as the offsetting swap amounts, are recorded within Other income, net on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Changes in the fair value of the swaps may be different from the current period transaction gain or loss on remeasurement of the debt, in which case the difference will remain in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These differences generally represent credit or liquidity risk, referred to as a basis spread, and the time value of money excluded components ). The value of the excluded components is recognized in earnings using a systematic and rational method by accruing the current-period swap settlements into Interest expense, net, on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. If an amount remains in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets upon settlement of the derivative, those amounts will be reclassified to earnings at that time. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized pre-tax gains of million and million, respectively, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the fair value changes of these swaps. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, of the amount recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss was reclassified to Other income, net, on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income to exactly offset the related pre-tax foreign currency transaction loss on the underlying EUR-denominated debt. 
 
 20 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion and billion are presented in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, were amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into Interest expense, net, on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. We expect to amortize million of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the derivatives into Interest expense, net, over the 12 months ending September 30, 2025. 
 
 Deferred Purchase Price Assets 
 
 In connection with the sales of certain service and EIP accounts receivable pursuant to the sale arrangements, we have deferred purchase price assets measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model using unobservable Level 3 inputs, including estimated customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. See Note 5 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. 
 
 The carrying amounts of our deferred purchase price assets, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair values of our Senior Notes and spectrum-backed Senior Secured Notes to third parties were determined based on quoted market prices in active markets. Accordingly, our Senior Notes and spectrum-backed Senior Secured Notes to third parties were classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of our Senior Notes to affiliates was determined based on a discounted cash flow approach using market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and maturities and an estimate for our standalone credit risk. Accordingly, our Senior Notes to affiliates were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of our Senior Notes to third parties (EUR-denominated) and asset-backed notes ABS Notes was primarily based on quoted prices in inactive markets for identical instruments and observable changes in market interest rates, both of which are Level 2 inputs. Accordingly, our Senior Notes to third parties (EUR-denominated) and ABS Notes were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Although we have determined the estimated fair values using available market information and commonly accepted valuation methodologies, judgment was required in interpreting market data to develop fair value estimates for the Senior Notes to third parties (EUR-denominated), Senior Notes to affiliates and ABS Notes. The fair value estimates were based on information available as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. As such, our estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amount we could realize in a current market exchange. 
 
 Senior Notes to third parties (EUR-denominated) 2 Senior Notes to affiliates 2 Senior Secured Notes to third parties 1 ABS Notes to third parties 2 
 
 21 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) ) Long-term debt ) ) Total debt to third parties ) ) ) Long-term debt to affiliates Total debt ) ) ) 
 (1) Issuances and borrowings and reclassifications are recorded net of accrued or paid issuance costs and discounts. 
 (2) Other includes the amortization of premiums, discounts, debt issuance costs and consent fees and the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our effective interest rate, excluding the impact of derivatives and capitalized interest, was approximately and on weighted-average debt outstanding of billion and billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and on weighted-average debt outstanding of billion and billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted-average debt outstanding was calculated by applying an average of the monthly ending balances of total short-term and long-term debt to third parties and short-term and long-term debt to affiliates, net of unamortized premiums, discounts, debt issuance costs and consent fees. 
 
 Issuances and Borrowings 
 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 ) January 12, 2024 Senior Notes due 2034 
 ) January 12, 2024 Senior Notes due 2055 
 ) January 12, 2024 Senior Notes due 2029 (EUR-denominated) 
 ) May 8, 2024 Senior Notes due 2032 (EUR-denominated) 
 ) May 8, 2024 Senior Notes due 2036 (EUR-denominated) 
 ) May 8, 2024 Senior Notes due 2029 
 ) September 26, 2024 Senior Notes due 2035 
 ) September 26, 2024 Senior Notes due 2055 
 ) September 26, 2024 Total of Senior Notes issued ) Class A Senior ABS Notes due 2029 
 ) February 14, 2024 Total of ABS Notes issued ) 
 
 Note Redemption and Repayments 
 
 Senior Notes due 2024 
 June 15, 2024 Total Redemption Secured Series 2018-1 A-1 Notes due 2025 
 Various Series 2018-1 A-2 Notes due 2028 
 Various Total Repayments 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 11, 2024, we delivered notice of redemption on billion aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2025. We will redeem the notes at par on November 15, 2024. 
 
 22 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of Class A Senior ABS Notes to third parties in a private placement transaction. These ABS Notes are secured by million of gross EIP receivables and future collections on such receivables. Net proceeds of million from these ABS Notes are presented in Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, billion of our ABS Notes were secured in total by billion of gross EIP receivables and future collections on such receivables. Our ABS Notes and the assets securing this debt are included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 In connection with our ABS Notes issuances, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the ABS BRE ), and a trust (the ABS Trust and together with the ABS BRE, the ABS Entities ), in which the ABS BRE holds a residual interest. Each of the ABS Entities meet the definition of a VIE for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary, as we have the power to direct the activities of the ABS Entities that most significantly impact their performance. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the ABS Entities in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net Other current assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term debt Long-term debt 
 
 See Note 4 Receivables and Related Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information on the EIP receivables used to secure the ABS Notes. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 9, 2024, we issued million of Class A Senior ABS Notes to third parties in a private placement transaction for net proceeds of approximately million. These ABS Notes are secured by million of gross EIP receivables and future collections on such receivables. The expected maturities of these ABS notes are million due 2026 and million due 2027. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 Certain provisions of our debt agreements require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash. See Note 14 Additional Financial Information for our reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash. 
 
 23 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 tower sites CCI Lease Sites via a master prepaid lease with site lease terms ranging from to years. CCI has fixed-price purchase options for the CCI Lease Sites totaling approximately billion, exercisable annually on a per-tranche basis at the end of the lease term during the period from December 31, 2035, through December 31, 2049. If CCI exercises its purchase option for any tranche, it must purchase all the towers in the tranche. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites. 
 
 Assets and liabilities associated with the operation of the tower sites were transferred to special purpose entities SPEs ). Assets included ground lease agreements or deeds for the land on which the towers are situated, the towers themselves and existing subleasing agreements with other mobile network operator tenants that lease space at the tower sites. Liabilities included the obligation to pay ground lease rentals, property taxes and other executory costs. 
 
 We determined the SPEs containing the CCI Lease Sites Lease Site SPEs are VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their activities. We have a variable interest in the Lease Site SPEs but are not the primary beneficiary as we lack the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Lease Site SPEs economic performance. These activities include managing tenants and underlying ground leases, performing repair and maintenance on the towers, the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive the expected future residual returns from the purchase option to acquire the CCI Lease Sites. As we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary and do not have a controlling financial interest in the Lease Site SPEs, the Lease Site SPEs are not included on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 However, we also considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the CCI Lease Sites for which we would derecognize the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the CCI Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded long-term financial obligations in the amount of the net proceeds received and recognize interest on the tower obligations. The tower obligations are increased by interest expense and amortized through contractual leaseback payments made by us to CCI and through net cash flows generated and retained by CCI from the operation of the tower sites. 
 
 Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements 
 
 Prior to our merger with Sprint (the Merger ), Sprint entered into a lease-out and leaseback arrangement with Global Signal Inc., a third party that was subsequently acquired by CCI, that conveyed to CCI the exclusive right to manage and operate approximately tower sites Master Lease Sites via a master prepaid lease. These agreements were assumed upon the close of the Merger, at which point the remaining term of the lease-out was approximately years with renewal options. CCI has a fixed price purchase option for all (but not less than all) of the leased or subleased sites for approximately billion, exercisable prior to the expiration of the agreement and ending days prior to the expiration of the agreement. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites. 
 
 We considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the Master Lease Sites for which we would derecognize the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the Master Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 We recognize interest expense on the tower obligations. The tower obligations are increased by the interest expense and amortized through contractual leaseback payments made by us to CCI. The tower assets are reported in Property and equipment, net on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are depreciated to their estimated residual values over the expected useful life of the towers, which is years. 
 
 Leaseback Arrangement 
 
 On January 3, 2022, we entered into an agreement (the Crown Agreement with CCI. The Crown Agreement extends the current term of the leasebacks by up to years and modifies the leaseback payments for both the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements and the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements. As a result of the Crown Agreement, there was an increase in our financing obligation as of the effective date of the Crown Agreement of approximately billion, with a corresponding decrease to Other long-term liabilities associated with unfavorable contract terms. The modification resulted in a revised 
 24 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 for the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangements and for the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangements. There were no changes made to either of our master prepaid leases with CCI. 
 
 Tower obligations Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Future minimum payments related to the tower obligations are approximately million for the 12-month period ending September 30, 2025, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending September 30, 2026 and 2027, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending September 30, 2028 and 2029, and billion in total thereafter. 
 
 We are contingently liable for future ground lease payments through the remaining term of the CCI Lease Sites and the Master Lease Sites. These contingent obligations are not included in Operating lease liabilities, as any amount due is contractually owed by CCI based on the subleasing arrangement. Under the arrangement, we remain primarily liable for ground lease payments on approximately sites and have included lease liabilities of million in our Operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 

primary categories of customers: 
 
 Postpaid customers generally include customers who are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT); 
 Prepaid customers generally include customers who pay for wireless communications services in advance; and 
 Wholesale customers include Machine-to-Machine and Mobile Virtual Network Operator customers that operate on our network but are managed by wholesale partners. 
 
 Postpaid other revenues Total postpaid service revenues 
 
 We operate as a single operating segment. The balances presented in each revenue line item on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income represent categories of revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated by type of product and service. Postpaid and prepaid service revenues also include revenues earned for providing premium services to customers, such as device insurance services. Revenue generated from the lease of mobile communication devices is included in Equipment revenues on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 25 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Balance as of September 30, 2024 Change 
 
 Contract assets primarily represent revenue recognized for equipment sales with promotional bill credits offered to customers that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract. 
 
 The change in the contract asset balance includes customer activity related to new promotions, offset by billings on existing contracts and impairment, which is recognized as bad debt expense. The current portion of our contract assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, was included in Other current assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contract liabilities are recorded when fees are collected, or we have an unconditional right to consideration (a receivable) in advance of delivery of goods or services. Changes in contract liabilities are primarily related to the activity of prepaid customers, including customers acquired through the Ka ena Acquisition. Contract liabilities are primarily included in Deferred revenue on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining service performance obligations for postpaid contracts with subsidized devices and promotional bill credits that result in an extended service contract is billion. We expect to recognize revenue as the service is provided on these postpaid contracts over an extended contract term of months from the time of origination. 
 
 Information about remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less has been excluded from the above, which primarily consists of monthly service contracts. 
 
 Certain of our wholesale, roaming and service contracts include variable consideration based on usage and performance. This variable consideration has been excluded from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the contractual minimum consideration for wholesale, roaming and service contracts is million, billion and billion for the remainder of 2024, 2025, and 2026 and beyond, respectively. These contracts have a remaining duration ranging from less than to . 
 
 Contract Costs 
 
 The balance of deferred incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers was billion and billion for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in Other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred contract costs incurred to obtain postpaid service contracts are amortized over a period of months. The amortization period is monitored to reflect any significant change in assumptions. Amortization of deferred contract costs included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and billion and billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The deferred contract cost asset is assessed for impairment on a periodic basis. There were impairment losses recognized on deferred contract cost assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 26 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion that will run from October 1, 2023, through December 31, 2024 (the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program ). The 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program consists of repurchases of shares of our common stock and the payment of cash dividends. 
 
 On January 24, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on March 14, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 1, 2024. 
 
 On March 15, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on June 13, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 31, 2024. 
 
 On June 13, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on September 12, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 30, 2024. 
 
 On September 18, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which will be paid on December 12, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 27, 2024. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid an aggregate of million and billion, respectively, in cash dividends to our stockholders, which was presented within Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, of which during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and billion, respectively, was paid to DT. As of September 30, 2024, billion for dividends payable is presented within Other current liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, of which million is payable to DT. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of million, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of billion, under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program. All shares repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were purchased at market price. As of September 30, 2024, we had up to billion remaining under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for repurchases of shares and quarterly dividends through December 31, 2024. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, from October 1, 2024, through October 18, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of million. As of October 18, 2024, we had up to billion remaining under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for repurchases of shares and quarterly dividends through December 31, 2024. 
 
 27 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Outstanding stock options, unvested stock awards Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Potentially dilutive securities: Outstanding stock options and unvested stock awards SoftBank contingent consideration (1) 
 Ka ena Acquisition contingent consideration (2) 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted-average number of shares SoftBank Specified Shares that were contingently issuable from the Merger date of April 1, 2020, pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 20, 2020, between T-Mobile, SoftBank and DT (the Letter Agreement ). The SoftBank Specified Shares were determined to be contingent consideration for the Merger and was not dilutive until the defined volume-weighted average price per share was reached (the Threshold Price ). As of the close of trading on December 22, 2023, the Threshold Price was reached. On December 28, 2023, the Company issued the SoftBank Specified Shares to SoftBank in accordance with the Letter Agreement. 
 (2) The weighted-average number of shares contingently issuable related to the Ka ena Acquisition earnout consideration Ka ena Contingent Shares are included in potentially dilutive securities based on the maximum number of shares contingently issuable for the earnout and the 20 trading day volume-weighted average price as of September 30, 2024. No Ka ena Contingent Shares were outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as the threshold specified performance indicators had not been achieved. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had authorized million shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. There was preferred stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. Potentially dilutive securities were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share if to do so would have been anti-dilutive. 

28 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

29 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million to fund claims submitted by class members, the legal fees of plaintiffs counsel and the costs of administering the settlement. We also committed to an aggregate incremental spend of million for data security and related technology in 2022 and 2023. We previously paid million for claims administration purposes. class members appealed the final approval order challenging the Court s award of attorneys fees to class counsel. On July 29, 2024, the Court of Appeals ruled in favor of of the appellants and sent the case back to the trial court for further proceedings to resolve plaintiffs counsel s fee request. We expect the remaining portion of the million settlement payment to be made in November 2024. We also anticipate that the settlement will provide a full release of all claims arising out of the August 2021 cyberattack by class members who do not opt out, against all defendants, including us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our directors and officers. The settlement contains no admission of liability, wrongdoing or responsibility by any of the defendants. We have the right to terminate the settlement agreement under certain conditions. 
 
 We anticipate that this settlement of the class action, along with other settlements of separate consumer claims that have been previously completed or are currently pending, will resolve substantially all of the claims brought to date by our current, former and prospective customers who were impacted by the 2021 cyberattack. In connection with the proposed class action settlement and the separate settlements, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately million in the second quarter of 2022. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million in reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which is included as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The ultimate resolution of the class action depends on the number of plaintiffs who opt out of the proposed settlement and whether the proposed settlement will be appealed. 
 
 In addition, in September 2022, a purported Company shareholder filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery under the caption Harper v. Sievert et al., Case No. 2022-0819-SG, against our current directors and certain of our former directors, alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company s cybersecurity practices. We are also named as a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. On May 31, 2024, the court issued an opinion dismissing the plaintiff s complaint in its entirety. The plaintiff has appealed that decision. We are unable at this time to predict the potential outcome of this lawsuit or whether we may be subject to further private litigation. 
 
 We have also received inquiries from various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which could result in substantial fines or penalties. We reached an agreement with the FCC, which was announced on September 30, 2024, to resolve one of those inquiries. We will continue to cooperate fully with the other agencies and regulators inquiring about the matter with an aim to resolve all of these matters. While we hope to resolve them in the near term, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these matters or whether we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. 
 
 In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, and based on the information currently available to us, in addition to the previously recorded pre-tax charge of approximately million noted above, we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur additional losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future actions, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be material to our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 On June 17, 2022, plaintiffs filed a putative antitrust class action complaint in the Northern District of Illinois, Dale et al. v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-03189, against DT, T-Mobile, and SoftBank, alleging that the Merger violated the antitrust laws and harmed competition in the U.S. retail cell service market. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and trebled monetary damages on behalf of a purported class of AT T and Verizon customers whom plaintiffs allege paid artificially inflated prices due to the Merger. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit, but we are unable to predict the potential outcome. 
 
 On January 5, 2023, we identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single Application Programming Interface API without authorization. Based on our investigation, the impacted API is only able to provide a limited set of customer 
 30 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts, though many of these accounts did not include the full data set. We believe that the bad actor first retrieved data through the impacted API starting on or around November 25, 2022. We have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements. 
 
 In connection with the January 2023 cyberattack, we became subject to consumer class actions and regulatory inquiries, to which we will continue to respond in due course and may incur significant expenses. However, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these potential matters or whether we may be subject to additional legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. In addition, we are unable to predict the full impact of this incident on customer behavior in the future, including whether a change in our customers behavior could negatively impact our results of operations on an ongoing basis, although we presently do not expect that it will have a material effect on our operations. 

Payroll and related benefits Property and other taxes, including payroll Accrued interest Other accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 Book overdrafts included in accounts payable were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Information 
 
 Operating lease payments Income tax payments Non-cash investing and financing activities Non-cash beneficial interest obtained in exchange for securitized receivables Change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Financing lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Contingent and other deferred consideration related to the Ka ena Acquisition 
 
 31 

Index for Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Restricted cash (included in Other current assets) Restricted cash (included in Other assets) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 

million of Class A Senior ABS Notes to third parties in a private placement transaction. See Note 8 - Debt for additional information. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 11, 2024, we delivered notice of redemption on billion aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2025. We will redeem the notes at par on November 15, 2024. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 15, 2024, we closed on an agreement with a third party for the exchange of certain 39 GHz spectrum licenses. See Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, from October 1, 2024, through October 18, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of million. See Note 11 - Stockholder Return Program for additional information. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 22, 2024, we executed the Pledge Amendments to the EIP Sale Arrangement and the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement. See Note 5 - Sales of Certain Receivables for additional information. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 22, 2024, the FCC approved our purchase of certain 600 MHz licenses in the second tranche of our Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements with Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC. See Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q of T-Mobile US, Inc. T-Mobile, we, our, us or the Company includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including information concerning our future results of operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, could or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The following important factors, along with the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, could affect future results and cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 competition, industry consolidation and changes in the market for wireless communications services and other forms of connectivity; 
 criminal cyberattacks, disruption, data loss or other security breaches; 
 our inability to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis; 
 our inability to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture; 
 system failures and business disruptions, allowing for unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems; 
 the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use; 
 challenges in modernizing our existing applications and systems; 
 the impacts of the actions we have taken and conditions we have agreed to in connection with the regulatory proceedings and approvals of our merger (the Merger with Sprint Corporation Sprint pursuant to a Business Combination Agreement with Sprint and the other parties named therein (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the Transactions ), including the acquisition by DISH Network Corporation DISH of the prepaid wireless business operated under the Boost Mobile and Sprint prepaid brands (excluding the Assurance brand Lifeline customers and the prepaid wireless customers of Shenandoah Personal Communications Company LLC and Swiftel Communications, Inc.), including customer accounts, inventory, contracts, intellectual property and certain other specified assets, and the assumption of certain related liabilities (collectively, the Prepaid Transaction ), the complaint and proposed final judgment (the Final Judgment agreed to by us, Deutsche Telekom AG DT ), Sprint, SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank and DISH with the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, which was approved by the Court on April 1, 2020, as amended on October 23, 2023, the proposed commitments filed with the Secretary of the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), which we announced on May 20, 2019, certain national security commitments and undertakings, and any other commitments or undertakings entered into, including, but not limited to, those we have made to certain states and nongovernmental organizations (collectively, the Government Commitments ), and the challenges in satisfying the Government Commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative costs incurred in tracking and monitoring compliance over multiple years; 
 adverse economic, political or market conditions in the U.S. and international markets, including changes resulting from increases in inflation or interest rates, supply chain disruptions and impacts of geopolitical instability, such as the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Hamas wars and further escalations thereof; 
 sociopolitical volatility and polarization; 
 our inability to manage the ongoing arrangements entered into in connection with the Prepaid Transaction, and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith; 
 the timing and effects of any future acquisition, divestiture, investment, joint venture or merger involving us, including our inability to obtain any required regulatory approval necessary to consummate any such transactions or to achieve the expected benefits of such transactions; 
 any disruption or failure of our third parties (including key suppliers) to provide products or services for the operation of our business; 
 our substantial level of indebtedness and our inability to service our debt obligations in accordance with their terms; 
 changes in the credit market conditions, credit rating downgrades or an inability to access debt markets; 
 the risk of future material weaknesses we may identify or any other failure by us to maintain effective internal controls, and the resulting significant costs and reputational damage; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

any changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate; 
 laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy and data protection; 
 unfavorable outcomes of and increased costs from existing or future regulatory or legal proceedings; 
 difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or if we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others; 
 our offering of regulated financial services products and exposure to a wide variety of state and federal regulations; 
 new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations; 
 our wireless licenses, including those controlled through leasing agreements, are subject to renewal and may be revoked; 
 our exclusive forum provision as provided in our Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; 
 interests of DT, our controlling stockholder, which may differ from the interests of other stockholders; 
 the dollar amount authorized for our 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program (as defined in Note 11 Stockholder Return Program of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) may not be fully utilized, and our share repurchases and dividend payments pursuant thereto may fail to have the desired impact on stockholder value; and 
 future sales of our common stock by DT and SoftBank and our inability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States due to foreign ownership limitations by the FCC. 
 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investor.t-mobile.com), newsroom website (https://t-mobile.com/news), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We intend to also use certain social media accounts as means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD (the @TMobileIR X account (https://x.com/TMobileIR), the @MikeSievert X account (https://x.com/MikeSievert), which Mr. Sievert also uses as a means for personal communications and observations, and the @TMobileCFO X account (https://x.com/tmobilecfo) and our Chief Financial Officer s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-osvaldik-3887394), both of which Mr. Osvaldik also uses as a means for personal communication and observations). The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these social media channels in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The social media channels that we intend to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on our investor relations website. 

Overview 
 
 The objectives of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A are to provide users of our condensed consolidated financial statements with the following: 
 
 A narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results; 
 Context to the condensed consolidated financial statements; and 
 Information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance. 
 
 Our MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, and audited consolidated financial statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our MD A are those of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Merger-Related Costs 
 
 Merger-related costs associated with the Sprint Merger generally include: 
 
 Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology and back office operations, migrate customers to the T-Mobile network and billing systems and the impact of legal matters assumed as part of the Merger; 
 Restructuring costs, including severance, store rationalization and network decommissioning; and 
 Transaction costs, including legal and professional services related to the completion of the transactions. 
 
 Merger-related costs have been excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as we do not consider these costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance. See Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA in the Performance Measures section of this MD A. Net cash payments for Merger-related costs, including payments related to our restructuring plan, are included in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain for the 100 million extension fee previously paid by DISH associated with the DISH License Purchase Agreement as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The gain was presented as a reduction in Merger-related costs and excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA. See Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 As of June 30, 2024, we have incurred substantially all restructuring and integration costs associated with the Sprint Merger and, accordingly, no longer separately disclose Merger-related costs. The cash payments for the Merger-related costs incurred extend beyond 2024. Cash payments extending beyond 2024 primarily relate to operating and financing leases for which we have recognized accelerated lease expense. 
 
 Merger-related costs are presented below: (in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Merger-related costs Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 120 (120) (100) 180 506 (326) (64) Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization (3) 3 (100) (12) 12 (100) Selling, general and administrative 35 (35) (100) (59) 292 (351) (120) Total Merger-related costs 152 (152) (100) 121 786 (665) (85) Net cash payments for Merger-related costs 124 345 (221) (64) 658 1,557 (899) (58) 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 On April 24, 2024, we entered into a merger agreement with a fund operated by EQT, Infrastructure VI fund Fund VI ), for the joint acquisition by us and Fund VI of Lumos Lumos ), a fiber-to-the-home platform, from EQT s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. The Lumos joint acquisition is expected to close in early 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately 950 million in the joint venture to acquire a 50 equity interest and all existing Lumos fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately 500 million in 2027 or 2028 for the existing business plan. 
 
 On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR Co. Inc. KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet Holdings, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Metronet ), a fiber-to-the-home platform. This arrangement is expected to close in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately 4.9 billion in the joint venture to acquire a 50 equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing for the existing business plan. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The joint ventures will focus on market identification and selection, build plans, network engineering and design, network deployment, and customer installation, with us owning customer relationships and selling fiber service under the T-Mobile brand. Upon closing of the transactions, we expect to account for the Lumos and Metronet joint ventures under the equity method of accounting and recognize service revenues for the acquired Lumos and Metronet fiber customers and wholesale costs paid to the joint ventures for network access within Cost of services on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Acquisition of Ka ena Corporation 
 
 On May 1, 2024 (the Acquisition Date ), we completed the merger with Ka ena Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Mint Mobile LLC (collectively, Ka ena ), and as a result, Ka ena became a wholly owned subsidiary of T-Mobile (the Ka ena Acquisition ). The total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026. On the Acquisition Date and in satisfaction of the upfront payment, we transferred 420 million in cash and 3,264,952 shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at 536 million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total payment fair value of 956 million. A portion of the upfront payments made on the Acquisition Date was for the settlement of the preexisting wholesale relationship with Ka ena. 
 
 Based on the amount paid upfront, up to an additional 403 million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka ena s achievement of specified performance indicators. 
 
 Prior to the Ka ena Acquisition, Ka ena was a wholesale partner of the Company for which we recognized service revenues within Wholesale and other service revenues. Upon the closing of the Ka ena Acquisition, this relationship was effectively terminated, and the Company acquired Ka ena s prepaid customer relationships and began to recognize service revenues associated with these customers within Prepaid revenues and operating expenses primarily within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income subsequent to the Acquisition Date. 
 
 For more information regarding the Ka ena Acquisition, see Note 2 Business Combinations of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 UScellular Wireless Operations 
 
 On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with United States Cellular Corporation UScellular ), Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., and USCC Wireless Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 4.4 billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to 2.0 billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. Upon closing of the transaction, we expect to account for the UScellular transaction as a business combination and to consolidate the acquired operations. We expect this transaction will yield approximately 1.0 billion in total annual run rate cost synergies, including operating expense and capital expenditure synergies, upon integration, with total cost to achieve the integration currently estimated at between 2.2 billion to 2.6 billion. 
 
 For more information regarding our acquisition of UScellular s wireless operations, see Note 2 Business Combinations of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

Set forth below is a summary of our consolidated financial results: Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Postpaid revenues 13,308 12,288 1,020 8 38,838 36,220 2,618 7 Prepaid revenues 2,716 2,473 243 10 7,711 7,334 377 5 Wholesale and other service revenues 701 1,153 (452) (39) 2,701 3,644 (943) (26) Total service revenues 16,725 15,914 811 5 49,250 47,198 2,052 4 Equipment revenues 3,207 3,076 131 4 9,564 9,964 (400) (4) Other revenues 230 262 (32) (12) 714 918 (204) (22) Total revenues 20,162 19,252 910 5 59,528 58,080 1,448 2 Operating expenses Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 2,722 2,886 (164) (6) 8,074 8,863 (789) (9) Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 4,307 4,249 58 1 12,794 12,925 (131) (1) Selling, general and administrative 5,186 5,334 (148) (3) 15,466 16,031 (565) (4) Gain on disposal group held for sale NM (25) 25 (100) Depreciation and amortization 3,151 3,187 (36) (1) 9,770 9,500 270 3 Total operating expenses 15,366 15,656 (290) (2) 46,104 47,294 (1,190) (3) Operating income 4,796 3,596 1,200 33 13,424 10,786 2,638 24 Other expense, net Interest expense, net (836) (790) (46) 6 (2,570) (2,486) (84) 3 Other income, net 7 41 (34) (83) 19 56 (37) (66) Total other expense, net (829) (749) (80) 11 (2,551) (2,430) (121) 5 Income before income taxes 3,967 2,847 1,120 39 10,873 8,356 2,517 30 Income tax expense (908) (705) (203) 29 (2,515) (2,053) (462) 23 Net income 3,059 2,142 917 43 8,358 6,303 2,055 33 Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash provided by operating activities 6,139 5,294 845 16 16,744 13,700 3,044 22 Net cash used in investing activities (3,307) (1,393) (1,914) 137 (6,772) (4,608) (2,164) 47 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 507 (5,510) 6,017 (109) (5,293) (8,567) 3,274 (38) Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA 8,243 7,600 643 8 23,948 22,204 1,744 8 Core Adjusted EBITDA 8,222 7,547 675 9 23,866 21,935 1,931 9 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 5,162 4,003 1,159 29 12,948 9,281 3,667 40 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The following discussion and analysis is for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, unless otherwise stated. 

Total revenues increased 910 million, or 5 , for the three months ended and increased 1.4 billion, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The components of these changes are discussed below. 
 
 Postpaid revenues increased 1.0 billion, or 8 , for the three months ended and increased 2.6 billion, or 7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher postpaid ARPA. See Postpaid ARPA in the Performance Measures section of this MD and 
 Higher average postpaid accounts. 
 
 The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher average postpaid accounts; and 
 Higher postpaid ARPA. See Postpaid ARPA in the Performance Measures section of this MD A. 
 
 Prepaid revenues increased 243 million, or 10 , for the three months ended and increased 377 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from: 
 
 Higher average prepaid customers, primarily from the prepaid customers acquired through the Ka ena Acquisition; partially offset by 
 Lower prepaid ARPU. See Prepaid ARPU in the Performance Measures section of this MD A. 
 
 Wholesale and other service revenues decreased 452 million, or 39 , for the three months ended and decreased 943 million, or 26 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Lower MVNO revenues, including the impact from the Ka ena Acquisition, and lower DISH and TracFone MVNO revenue; and 
 Lower Affordable Connectivity Program and Lifeline revenues. 
 
 The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Lower MVNO revenues, including the impact from the Ka ena Acquisition, and lower DISH and TracFone MVNO revenue; 
 Lower Affordable Connectivity Program and Lifeline revenues; and 
 Lower Wireline revenues due to the sale of the Wireline Business on May 1, 2023. 
 
 Equipment revenues increased 131 million, or 4 , for the three months ended and decreased 400 million, or 4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 An increase of 92 million in device sales revenue, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 Higher average revenue per device sold, net of promotions, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix; partially offset by 
 A net decrease in the total number of devices sold, driven by lower Assurance Wireless and prepaid devices, partially offset by higher postpaid devices; and 
 An increase of 63 million in liquidation revenue, primarily due to a higher number of in-house liquidated devices, including the impact from the transition of certain device recovery programs from external sources to in-house processing. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 552 million in device sales revenue, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 A net decrease in the total number of devices sold, driven by lower prepaid and Assurance Wireless devices, partially offset by higher postpaid devices; partially offset by 
 Higher average revenue per device sold, net of promotions, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix; and 
 A decrease of 187 million in lease revenues, primarily due to a lower number of customer devices under lease as a result of the continued strategic shift in device financing from leasing to EIP; partially offset by 
 An increase of 412 million in liquidation revenue, primarily due to a higher number of in-house liquidated devices, including the impact from the transition of certain device recovery programs from external sources to in-house processing. 
 
 Other revenues decreased 32 million, or 12 , for the three months ended and decreased 204 million, or 22 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from the transition of certain device recovery programs from external sources to in-house processing, resulting in a change in presentation from Other revenues to Equipment revenues. 

Total operating expenses decreased 290 million, or 2 , for the three months ended and decreased 1.2 billion, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The components of this change are discussed below. 
 
 Cost of services , exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased 164 million, or 6 , for the three months ended and decreased 789 million, or 9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 140 million of severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction recognized in the prior year; 
 120 million in Merger-related costs related to network decommissioning and integration recognized in the prior year; and 
 Higher Merger synergies; partially offset by 
 Higher site costs related to the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network. 
 
 The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 326 million in Merger-related costs related to network decommissioning and integration; 
 Lower costs due to the sale of the Wireline Business on May 1, 2023; 
 Lower employee costs, primarily due to reduced headcount; 
 140 million of severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction recognized in the prior year; and 
 Higher Merger synergies; partially offset by 
 Higher site costs related to the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network. 
 
 Cost of equipment sales , exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased 58 million, or 1 , for the three months ended and decreased 131 million, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The slight increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 An increase of 50 million in liquidation costs, primarily due to a higher number of in-house liquidated devices, including the impact from the transition of certain device recovery programs from external sources to in-house processing; mostly offset by 
 A decrease of 39 million in device cost of equipment sales, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 A net decrease in the total number of devices sold, driven by lower Assurance Wireless and prepaid devices, partially offset by higher postpaid devices; mostly offset by 
 Higher average cost per device sold, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

The slight decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 394 million in device cost of equipment sales, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 A net decrease in the total number of devices sold, driven by lower prepaid and Assurance Wireless devices, partially offset by higher postpaid devices; partially offset by 
 Higher average cost per device sold, primarily driven by an increase in the high-end phone mix; mostly offset by 
 An increase of 305 million in liquidation costs, primarily due to a higher number of in-house liquidated devices, including the impact from the transition of certain device recovery programs from external sources to in-house processing. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 148 million, or 3 , for the three months ended and decreased 565 million, or 4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 331 million of severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction recognized in the prior year; and 
 Higher Merger synergies; partially offset by 
 Higher costs as a result of the Ka ena Acquisition. 
 
 The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 351 million in Merger-related costs, including the 100 million gain recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, for the extension fee previously paid by DISH associated with the DISH License Purchase Agreement; 
 331 million of severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction recognized in the prior year; and 
 Higher Merger synergies; partially offset by 
 Higher costs as a result of the Ka ena Acquisition; and 
 Higher legal expenses, including the settlement associated with the FCC Notices of Apparent Liability (See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 Gain on disposal group held for sale was 25 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, related to the sale of the Wireline Business on May 1, 2023. There was no gain or loss on disposal group held for sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased slightly for the three months ended and increased 270 million, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from higher depreciation expense from the acceleration of certain technology assets in the first half of 2024 as we continue to modernize our network, technology systems and platforms and from the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network. 
 
 Operating income , the components of which are discussed above, increased 1.2 billion, or 33 , for the three months ended and increased 2.6 billion, or 24 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Interest expense, net increased slightly. 
 
 Other income, net was insignificant for both periods. 
 
 Income before income taxes , the components of which are discussed above, was 4.0 billion and 2.8 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 10.9 billion and 8.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Income tax expense increased 203 million, or 29 , for the three months ended and increased 462 million, or 23 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher income before income taxes; partially offset by 
 Net tax benefits recognized from a remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities in certain state jurisdictions. 
 
 Our effective tax rate was 22.9 and 24.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher income before income taxes; partially offset by 
 An increase in tax benefits from adjustments to certain tax reserves; and 
 Net tax benefits recognized from a remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities in certain state jurisdictions. 
 
 Our effective tax rate was 23.1 and 24.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net income , the components of which are discussed above, was 3.1 billion and 2.1 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 8.4 billion and 6.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net income included: 
 
 Merger-related costs, net of Merger-related gain and tax, of 91 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to Merger-related costs, net of tax, of 114 million and 589 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. There were no Merger-related costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction of 353 million, net of tax, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 Pursuant to the applicable indentures and supplemental indentures, the Senior Notes to affiliates and third parties issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation (collectively, the Issuers are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by T-Mobile Parent and certain of Parent s 100 owned subsidiaries Guarantor Subsidiaries ). 
 
 The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. Generally, the guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries with respect to the Senior Notes issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. (other than 3.5 billion in principal amount of Senior Notes issued in 2017 and 2018) and the credit agreement entered into by T-Mobile USA, Inc. will be automatically and unconditionally released if, immediately following such release and any concurrent releases of other guarantees, the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness of non-guarantor subsidiaries (other than certain specified subsidiaries) would not exceed 2.0 billion. The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing the long-term debt contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and to merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation. The summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. Investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with GAAP, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below: (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 21,097 17,601 Noncurrent assets 177,881 178,252 Current liabilities 18,760 19,040 Noncurrent liabilities (1) 
 122,112 128,197 Due to non-guarantors (1) 
 881 10,916 Due to related parties 2,059 1,576 
 (1) The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below: (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Total revenues 57,727 75,934 Operating income 10,747 10,707 Net income 6,071 4,766 Revenue from non-guarantors 1,956 2,393 Operating expenses to non-guarantors 1,856 2,569 Other expense to non-guarantors (118) (699) 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below: (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 15,683 11,193 Noncurrent assets 12,497 11,324 Current liabilities 13,008 12,751 Noncurrent liabilities (1) 
 88,466 110,688 Due to non-guarantors (1) 
 14,389 41,805 Due to related parties 2,059 1,576 
 (1) The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below: (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Total revenues 9 19 Operating loss (2,787) (3,197) Net loss (6,236) (7,629) Other expense, net, to non-guarantors (475) (2,005) 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below: (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 15,683 11,193 Noncurrent assets 12,498 11,324 Current liabilities 13,078 12,823 Noncurrent liabilities (1) 
 84,609 106,881 Due to non-guarantors (1) 
 5,317 32,706 Due to related parties 2,059 1,576 
 (1) The decrease in Noncurrent liabilities and Due to non-guarantors was primarily driven by the impact of certain intercompany settlements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below: (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Total revenues 9 19 Operating loss (2,787) (3,197) Net loss (6,183) (7,491) Other expense, net, to non-guarantors (218) (1,489) 

Performance Measures 
 
 In managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our condensed consolidated financial statements with other operating or statistical data and non-GAAP financial measures. These operating and financial measures are utilized by our management to evaluate our operating performance and, in certain cases, our ability to meet liquidity requirements. Although companies in the wireless industry may not define each of these measures in precisely the same way, we believe that these measures facilitate comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry on key operating and financial measures. 
 
 Postpaid Accounts 
 
 A postpaid account is generally defined as a billing account number that generates revenue. Postpaid accounts generally consist of customers that are qualified for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet modems, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT), where they generally pay after receiving service. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of ending postpaid accounts: 
 As of September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 # Postpaid accounts 30,631 29,498 1,133 4 
 
 Postpaid Net Account Additions 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of postpaid net account additions: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 # 2024 2023 # Postpaid net account additions 315 386 (71) (18) 834 972 (138) (14) 
 
 Postpaid net account additions decreased 71,000, or 18 , for the three months ended and decreased 138,000, or 14 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from fewer High Speed Internet only additions, including from the impact of sunsetting certain promotional pricing in 2024. 
 
 Customers 
 
 A customer is generally defined as a SIM number with a unique T-Mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue. Customers are qualified either for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet modems, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT), where they generally pay after receiving service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance of receiving service. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the number of ending customers: As of September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 # Customers, end of period Postpaid phone customers 78,110 74,982 3,128 4 Postpaid other customers 24,075 21,330 2,745 13 Total postpaid customers 102,185 96,312 5,873 6 Prepaid customers (1) 
 25,307 21,595 3,712 17 Total customers 127,492 117,907 9,585 8 Adjustments to customers (1) 
 3,504 3,504 NM 
 (1) In the second quarter of 2024, we acquired 3,504,000 prepaid customers through the Ka ena Acquisition, which includes the impact of certain base adjustments to align the policies of Ka ena and T-Mobile. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 High Speed Internet customers included in Postpaid other customers were 5,377,000 and 3,807,000 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. High Speed Internet customers included in Prepaid customers were 625,000 and 428,000 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net Customer Additions 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of net customer additions: Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 # 2024 2023 # Net customer additions Postpaid phone customers 865 850 15 2 2,174 2,148 26 1 Postpaid other customers 710 376 334 89 1,959 1,932 27 1 Total postpaid customers 1,575 1,226 349 28 4,133 4,080 53 1 Prepaid customers 24 79 (55) (70) 155 229 (74) (32) Total net customer additions 1,599 1,305 294 23 4,288 4,309 (21) Adjustments to customers NM 3,504 3,504 NM 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Total net customer additions increased 294,000, or 23 , for the three months ended and was relatively flat for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher postpaid other net customer additions, primarily due to 
 Higher prior year deactivations of lower ARPU mobile internet devices in the educational sector that were activated during the Pandemic and no longer needed; partially offset by 
 Lower net additions from wearables; and 
 Lower net additions from High Speed Internet, primarily due to lower gross additions driven by sunsetting of promotional pricing and increased deactivations from a growing customer base, partially offset by a lower churn rate; and 
 Higher postpaid phone net customer additions, primarily due to higher prepaid to postpaid migrations, lower churn and higher gross additions, partially offset by increased deactivations from a growing customer base; partially offset by 
 Lower prepaid net customer additions, primarily driven by continued moderation of prepaid industry growth, higher prepaid to postpaid migrations and lower net additions from High Speed Internet, partially offset by higher net additions following the Ka ena Acquisition. 
 High Speed Internet net customer additions included in postpaid other net customer additions were 385,000 and 505,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. High Speed Internet net customer additions included in prepaid net customer additions were 30,000 and 52,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The slight decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Lower prepaid net customer additions, primarily driven by continued moderation of prepaid industry growth, lower net additions from High Speed Internet and higher prepaid to postpaid migrations, partially offset by higher net additions following the Ka ena Acquisition; offset by 
 Slightly higher postpaid other net customer additions, primarily due to 
 Higher net additions from mobile internet devices, primarily due to higher prior year deactivations of lower ARPU mobile internet devices in the educational sector that were activated during the Pandemic and no longer needed; and 
 Higher net additions from other connected devices; mostly offset by 
 Lower net additions from wearables; and 
 Lower net additions from High Speed Internet, primarily driven by increased deactivations from a growing customer base and lower gross additions driven by sunsetting of promotional pricing, partially offset by a lower churn rate; and 
 Slightly higher postpaid phone net customer additions, primarily due to higher gross additions and higher prepaid to postpaid migrations, mostly offset by increased deactivations from a growing customer base. 
 High Speed Internet net customer additions included in postpaid other net customer additions were 1,089,000 and 1,397,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. High Speed Internet net customer additions included in prepaid net customer additions were 137,000 and 192,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Churn 
 
 Churn represents the number of customers whose service was deactivated as a percentage of the average number of customers during the specified period further divided by the number of months in the period. The number of customers whose service was deactivated is presented net of customers that subsequently had their service restored within a certain period of time and excludes customers who received service for less than a certain minimum period of time. We believe that churn provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to evaluate customer retention and loyalty. 
 
 The following table sets forth the churn: Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Postpaid phone churn 0.86 0.87 -1 bps 0.84 0.84 bps Prepaid churn 2.78 2.81 -3 bps 2.69 2.73 -4 bps 
 
 Postpaid phone churn decreased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and was relatively flat for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Prepaid churn decreased 3 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to promotional activity. 
 
 Prepaid churn decreased 4 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by the inclusion of prepaid customers associated with the Ka ena Acquisition with lower churn. 
 
 Postpaid Average Revenue Per Account 
 
 Postpaid Average Revenue per Account ARPA represents the average monthly postpaid service revenue earned per account. Postpaid ARPA is calculated as Postpaid revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of postpaid accounts during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe postpaid ARPA provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our postpaid service revenue realization and assists in forecasting our future postpaid service revenues on a per account basis. We consider postpaid ARPA to be indicative of our revenue growth potential given the increase in the average number of postpaid phone customers per account and increases in postpaid other customers, including High Speed Internet, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT). 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPA: (in dollars) Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Postpaid ARPA 145.60 139.83 5.77 4 143.02 138.94 4.08 3 
 
 Postpaid ARPA increased 5.77, or 4 , for the three months ended and increased 4.08, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from: 
 
 Higher premium services, primarily high-end rate plans, net of contra-revenues for content included in such plans, and discounts for specific affinity groups, such as 55+, military and first responders; 
 An increase in customers per account, including continued adoption of High Speed Internet; and 
 The impact from rate plan optimizations; partially offset by 
 Increased promotional activity; and 
 An increase in High Speed Internet only accounts. 
 
 Average Revenue Per User 
 
 Average Revenue per User ARPU represents the average monthly service revenue earned per customer. ARPU is calculated as service revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of customers during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe ARPU provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our service revenue per customer and assist in forecasting our future service revenues generated from our customer base. Postpaid phone ARPU excludes postpaid other customers and related revenues, which include High Speed Internet, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and IoT). 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPU: 
 (in dollars) Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Postpaid phone ARPU 49.79 48.93 0.86 2 49.22 48.80 0.42 1 Prepaid ARPU 35.81 38.18 (2.37) (6) 36.27 38.05 (1.78) (5) 
 
 Postpaid Phone ARPU 
 
 Postpaid phone ARPU increased 0.86, or 2 , for the three months ended and increased 0.42, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from: 
 
 Higher premium services, primarily high-end rate plans, net of contra-revenues for content included in such plans, and discounts for specific affinity groups, such as 55+, military and first responders; and 
 The impact from rate plan optimizations; partially offset by 
 Increased promotional activity; and 
 Growth in business customers with lower ARPU given larger account sizes. 
 
 Prepaid ARPU 
 
 Prepaid ARPU decreased 2.37, or 6 , for the three months ended and decreased 1.78, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from the inclusion of lower ARPU prepaid customers associated with the Ka ena Acquisition. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings before Interest expense, net of Interest income, Income tax expense, Depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and certain expenses, gains and losses, which are not reflective of our ongoing operating performance Special Items ). Special Items include Merger-related costs, loss (gain) on disposal groups held for sale, certain legal-related recoveries and expenses, restructuring costs not directly attributable to the Merger (including severance), and other non-core gains and losses. Core Adjusted EBITDA represents Adjusted EBITDA less device lease revenues. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues. Core Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Core Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Core Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures utilized by our management to monitor the financial performance of our operations. We historically used Adjusted EBITDA, and we currently use Core Adjusted EBITDA internally as a measure to evaluate and compensate our personnel and management for their performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors. Management believes analysts and investors use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures to evaluate overall operating performance and to facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications services companies because they are indicative of our ongoing operating performance and trends by excluding the impact of interest expense from financing, non-cash depreciation and amortization from capital investments, non-cash stock-based compensation, and Special Items. Management believes analysts and investors use Core Adjusted EBITDA because it normalizes for the transition in the Company s device financing strategy, by excluding the impact of device lease revenues from Adjusted EBITDA, to align with the exclusion of the related depreciation expense on leased devices from Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Core Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for income from operations, net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

The following table illustrates the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA and reconciles Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA to Net income, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 3,059 2,142 917 43 8,358 6,303 2,055 33 Adjustments: Interest expense, net 836 790 46 6 2,570 2,486 84 3 Other income, net (7) (41) 34 (83) (19) (56) 37 (66) Income tax expense 908 705 203 29 2,515 2,053 462 23 Operating income 4,796 3,596 1,200 33 13,424 10,786 2,638 24 Depreciation and amortization 3,151 3,187 (36) (1) 9,770 9,500 270 3 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 143 152 (9) (6) 430 480 (50) (10) Merger-related costs (2) 
 152 (152) (100) 121 786 (665) (85) Legal-related expenses (recoveries), net (3) 
 1 1 NM 16 (43) 59 (137) Gain on disposal group held for sale NM (25) 25 (100) Other, net (4) 
 152 513 (361) (70) 187 720 (533) (74) Adjusted EBITDA 8,243 7,600 643 8 23,948 22,204 1,744 8 Lease revenues (21) (53) 32 (60) (82) (269) 187 (70) Core Adjusted EBITDA 
 8,222 7,547 675 9 23,866 21,935 1,931 9 Net income margin (Net income divided by Service revenues) 18 13 500 bps 17 13 400 bps Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues) 49 48 100 bps 49 47 200 bps Core Adjusted EBITDA margin (Core Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues) 
 49 47 200 bps 48 46 200 bps 
 (1) Stock-based compensation includes payroll tax impacts and may not agree with stock-based compensation expense on the condensed consolidated financial statements. Additionally, certain stock-based compensation expenses associated with the Transactions have been included in Merger-related costs. 
 (2) Merger-related costs, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes the 100 million gain recognized for the extension fee previously paid by DISH associated with the DISH License Purchase Agreement. 
 (3) Legal-related expenses (recoveries), net, consists of the settlement of certain litigation associated with the August 2021 cyberattack and is presented net of insurance recoveries. 
 (4) Other, net, primarily consists of certain severance, restructuring and other expenses, gains and losses, not directly attributable to the Merger, which are not reflective of T-Mobile s core business activities and are, therefore, excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA. Other, net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, includes 471 million of severance and related costs associated with the August 2023 workforce reduction. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Core Adjusted EBITDA increased 675 million, or 9 , for the three months ended and increased 1.9 billion, or 9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The components comprising Core Adjusted EBITDA are discussed further above. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher Total service revenues; and 
 Higher Equipment revenues, excluding lease revenues; partially offset by 
 Higher Selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding Special Items. 
 
 The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 Higher Total service revenues; 
 Lower Cost of services, excluding Special Items; partially offset by 
 Lower Equipment revenues, excluding lease revenues. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA increased 643 million, or 8 , for the three months ended and increased 1.7 billion, or 8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the fluctuations in Core Adjusted EBITDA, discussed above, partially offset by lower lease revenues, which decreased 32 million for the three months ended and decreased 187 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from issuance of debt, financing leases, the sale of certain receivables, the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and an unsecured short-term commercial paper program. Further, the incurrence of additional indebtedness may inhibit our ability to incur new debt in the future to finance our business strategy under the terms governing our existing and future indebtedness. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following is a condensed schedule of our cash flows: Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 6,139 5,294 845 16 16,744 13,700 3,044 22 Net cash used in investing activities (3,307) (1,393) (1,914) 137 (6,772) (4,608) (2,164) 47 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 507 (5,510) 6,017 (109) (5,293) (8,567) 3,274 (38) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 845 million, or 16 , for the three months ended and increased 3.0 billion, or 22 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A 1.2 billion increase in Net income, adjusted for non-cash income and expenses; partially offset by 
 A 308 million increase in net cash outflows from changes in working capital, primarily due to higher use of cash from Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, Equipment installment plan receivables, Inventory and Short- and long-term operating lease liabilities, partially offset by lower use of cash from Accounts receivable, Other current and long-term liabilities and Other current and long-term assets. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities includes the impact of 124 million and 345 million in net payments for Merger-related costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 A 2.8 billion increase in Net income, adjusted for non-cash income and expenses; and 
 A 223 million decrease in net cash outflows from changes in working capital, primarily due to lower use of cash from Accounts receivable and Other current and long-term liabilities, partially offset by higher use of cash from Other current and long-term assets, Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, Inventory, Operating lease right-of-use assets and Equipment installment plan receivables. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities includes the impact of 658 million and 1.6 billion in net payments for Merger-related costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 1.9 billion, or 137 , for the three months ended and increased 2.2 billion, or 47 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

The use of cash for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 2.4 billion in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, primarily for the first tranche of 600 MHz licenses purchased from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) ; and 
 2.0 billion in Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, from the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network ; partially offset by 
 984 million in Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions. 
 
 The use of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 6.6 billion in Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, from the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network; 
 2.6 billion in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, primarily for the first tranche of 600 MHz licenses purchased from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements); and 
 390 million of cash consideration, net of cash acquired, related to the Ka ena Acquisition; partially offset by 
 2.8 billion in Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased 6.0 billion from a net use of cash for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to a net source of cash for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Net cash used in financing activities decreased 3.3 billion, or 38 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The source of cash for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 2.5 billion in Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt; partially offset by 
 758 million in Dividends on common stock; 
 560 million in Repurchases of common stock; 
 347 million in Repayments of financing lease obligations; and 
 223 million in Repayments of long-term debt. 
 
 The use of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from: 
 
 6.5 billion in Repurchases of common stock; 
 3.2 billion in Repayments of long-term debt; 
 2.3 billion in Dividends on common stock ; 
 1.0 billion in Repayments of financing lease obligations; and 
 244 million in Tax withholdings on share-based awards; partially offset by 
 8.1 billion in Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Cash and cash equivalents were 9.8 billion compared to 5.1 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow represents Net cash provided by operating activities less cash payments for Purchases of property and equipment, plus Proceeds from sales of tower sites and Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions. Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure utilized by management, investors and analysts of our financial information to evaluate cash available to pay debt, repurchase shares, pay dividends and provide further investment in the business. Adjusted Free Cash Flow margin is calculated as Adjusted Free Cash Flow divided by Service revenues. Adjusted 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Free Cash Flow margin is utilized by management, investors, and analysts to evaluate the Company s ability to convert service revenue efficiently into cash available to pay debt, repurchase shares, pay dividends and provide further investment in the business. 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow to Net cash provided by operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 6,139 5,294 845 16 16,744 13,700 3,044 22 Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest (1,961) (2,424) 463 (19) (6,628) (8,214) 1,586 (19) Proceeds from sales of tower sites 2 (2) (100) 10 (10) (100) Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions 984 1,131 (147) (13) 2,832 3,785 (953) (25) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 5,162 4,003 1,159 29 12,948 9,281 3,667 40 Net cash provided by operating activities margin (Net cash provided by operating activities divided by Service revenues) 37 33 400 bps 34 29 500 bps Adjusted Free Cash Flow margin (Adjusted Free Cash Flow divided by Service revenues) 31 25 600 bps 26 20 600 bps 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow increased 1.2 billion, or 29 , for the three months ended and increased 3.7 billion, or 40 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from: 
 
 Higher Net cash provided by operating activities, as described above; and 
 Lower Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, driven by increased capital efficiencies from accelerated investments in our nationwide 5G network in previous years; partially offset by 
 Lower Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions, which were offset in Net cash provided by operating activities. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow includes the impact of 124 million and 345 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 658 million and 1.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in net payments for Merger-related costs. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no significant net cash proceeds from securitization. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the EIP Sale Arrangement and an amendment to the Service Receivable Sale Arrangement (together, the Pledge Amendments ). Following the effective date of the Pledge Amendments of November 1, 2024, all cash proceeds associated with the sale of such receivables, a portion of which is currently recognized as Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions within Net cash used in investing activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, will be recognized as operating cash flows. The Pledge Amendments will not have a net impact on Adjusted Free Cash Flow. See Note 5 Sales of Certain Receivables of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Borrowing Capacity 
 
 We maintain a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment amount of 7.5 billion. As of September 30, 2024, there was no outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 We maintain an unsecured short-term commercial paper program with the ability to borrow up to 2.0 billion from time to time. This program supplements our other available external financing arrangements and proceeds are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there was no outstanding balance under this program. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Debt Financing 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total debt and financing lease liabilities were 82.3 billion, excluding our tower obligations, of which 74.0 billion was classified as long-term debt and 1.2 billion was classified as long-term financing lease liabilities. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued long-term debt for net proceeds of 8.1 billion and repaid short-term debt with an aggregate principal amount of 3.2 billion. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 9, 2024, we issued 500 million of 4.250 Class A Senior ABS Notes to third parties in a private placement transaction for net proceeds of approximately 498 million. These ABS Notes are secured by 668 million of gross EIP receivables and future collections on such receivables. The expected maturities of these ABS notes are 136 million due 2026 and 364 million due 2027. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 11, 2024, we delivered notice of redemption on 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of our 7.625 Senior Notes due 2025. We will redeem the notes at par on November 15, 2024. 
 
 For more information regarding our debt financing transactions, see Note 8 Debt of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 License Purchase Agreements 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we entered into License Purchase Agreements to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (together with Channel 51 License Co LLC, the Sellers in exchange for total cash consideration of 3.5 billion. On March 30, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which we and the Sellers agreed to bifurcate the transaction into two tranches of licenses, with the closings on the acquisitions of certain licenses in Chicago, Dallas and New Orleans being deferred in order to potentially expedite the regulatory approval process for the remainder of the licenses. Subsequently, on August 25, 2023, we and the Sellers entered into Amendments No. 1 to the Amended and Restated License Purchase Agreements, whereby we deferred the closings of certain additional licenses in Chicago and Dallas into the second closing tranche. Together, the licenses with closings deferred into the second closing tranche represent approximately 1.1 billion of the aggregate 3.5 billion cash consideration. 
 
 The FCC approved the purchase of the first tranche on December 29, 2023. The first tranche closed on June 24, 2024, and the associated payment of 2.4 billion was made on August 5, 2024. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 22, 2024, the FCC approved the purchase of the Dallas licenses included in the second tranche. We expect the closing on the Dallas licenses and the associated payment of 541 million to occur in December 2024. 
 
 We anticipate that the closing on the remaining deferred licenses in the second tranche will occur in 2025. 
 
 The parties have agreed that each of the closings will occur within 180 days after the receipt of the applicable required regulatory approvals, and payment of each portion of the aggregate 3.5 billion purchase price will occur no later than 40 days after the date of each respective closing. 
 
 On September 12, 2023, we entered into a license purchase agreement with Comcast pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Comcast in exchange for total cash consideration of between 1.2 billion and 3.3 billion, subject to an application for FCC approval. The licenses are subject to an exclusive leasing arrangement between us and Comcast entered into contemporaneously with the license purchase agreement. We anticipate the closing will occur in the first half of 2028. 
 
 On September 10, 2024, we entered into a license purchase agreement with N77 License Co LLC Buyer ), pursuant to which Buyer has the option to purchase all or a portion of our remaining 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses in exchange for a range of cash consideration, with the specific licenses sold to be determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by Buyer. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the licenses subject to the license purchase agreement were held at cost of 2.7 billion in Spectrum licenses on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We maintain the right to terminate the license purchase agreement no later than February 7, 2025, after our receipt of written notice of committed financing as of December 9, 2024, if Buyer s committed financing is less than a certain target level of cash consideration. If we do not terminate the license purchase agreement, the transaction is subject to FCC approval. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of Ka ena Corporation 
 
 On the Acquisition Date, we completed the Ka ena Acquisition. The total purchase price is variable, dependent upon specified performance indicators of Ka ena, and consists of an upfront payment on the Acquisition Date and an earnout payable on August 1, 2026. On the Acquisition Date and in satisfaction of the upfront payment, we transferred 420 million in cash and 3,264,952 shares of T-Mobile common stock valued at 536 million as determined based on its closing market price on April 30, 2024, for a total payment fair value of 956 million. A portion of the upfront payment made on the Acquisition Date was for the settlement of the preexisting wholesale relationship with Ka ena. 
 
 Based on the amount paid upfront, up to an additional 403 million in future cash and T-Mobile common stock is payable in satisfaction of the earnout, dependent upon Ka ena s achievement of specified performance indicators. 
 
 For more information regarding the Ka ena Acquisition, see Note 2 Business Combinations of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Lumos Joint Venture 
 
 On April 24, 2024, we entered into a merger agreement with Fund VI for the joint acquisition by us and Fund VI of Lumos from EQT s predecessor fund, EQT Infrastructure III. The Lumos joint acquisition is expected to close in early 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately 950 million in the joint venture to acquire a 50 equity interest and all existing Lumos fiber customers. The funds invested by us will be used to fund future fiber builds. In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, we expect to make an additional capital contribution of approximately 500 million in 2027 or 2028 for the existing business plan. 
 
 For more information regarding the Lumos joint venture, see Note 3 Joint Ventures of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 UScellular Wireless Operations 
 
 On May 24, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with UScellular pursuant to which, among other things, we will acquire substantially all of UScellular s wireless operations and select spectrum assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 4.4 billion, payable in cash and the assumption of up to 2.0 billion of debt through an exchange offer to be made to certain UScellular debtholders prior to closing. To the extent any debtholders do not participate in the exchange, their bonds will continue as obligations of UScellular, and the cash portion of the purchase price will be correspondingly increased. The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. 
 
 Following the closing of the transaction, UScellular will retain ownership of its other spectrum, as well as its towers. Subject to the closing of the transaction, we will enter into a 15-year master license agreement to lease space on at least 2,100 towers being retained and to extend our tenancy term on approximately 600 towers where we are already leasing space from UScellular for 15 years post-closing. We estimate the incremental future minimum lease payments associated with the master license agreement will be 1.4 billion over 15 years post-closing. 
 
 Metronet Joint Venture 
 
 On July 18, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with KKR to establish a joint venture to acquire Metronet. This arrangement is expected to close in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. At closing, we expect to invest approximately 4.9 billion in the joint venture to acquire a 50 equity interest and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as funding the joint venture. We do not anticipate making further capital contributions following the closing for the existing business plan. 
 
 For more information regarding the Metronet joint venture, see Note 3 Joint Ventures of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have arrangements, as amended from time to time, to sell certain EIP accounts receivable and service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as a source of liquidity. As of September 30, 2024, we derecognized net receivables of 2.3 billion upon sale through these arrangements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

For more information regarding these off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 5 Sales of Certain Receivables of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 We may seek additional sources of liquidity, including through the issuance of additional debt, to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses or other long-lived assets in private party transactions, repurchase shares, pay dividends or for the refinancing of existing long-term debt on an opportunistic basis. Excluding liquidity that could be needed for acquisitions of businesses, spectrum and other long-lived assets, or for any potential stockholder returns, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months, as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. Our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations, share repurchases, and dividend payments. 
 
 We determine future liquidity requirements for operations, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividend payments based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional spectrum or repurchase shares. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the Government Commitments, and we have incurred all of the remaining restructuring and integration costs associated with the Merger, with the cash expenditures for the Merger-related costs extending beyond 2024. There are a number of additional risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment. 
 
 The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing our long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding financing leases, contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. We were in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Financing Lease Facilities 
 
 We have uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain third parties that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. As of September 30, 2024, we have entered into 9.7 billion of financing leases under these financing lease facilities, of which 402 million and 969 million was executed during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. We expect to enter into up to a total of 1.2 billion in financing lease commitments during the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. Property and equipment capital expenditures primarily relate to the integration of our network and spectrum licenses, including acquired Sprint PCS and 2.5 GHz spectrum licenses, as we build out our nationwide 5G network. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts in 2024 compared to 2023 given the substantial deployment of the 5G network completed in the preceding years. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our acquired C-band licenses. 
 
 For more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Stockholder Returns 
 
 On September 6, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized our 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for up to 19.0 billion that will run from October 1, 2023, through December 31, 2024. The 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program consists of repurchases of shares of our common stock and the payment of cash dividends. The declaration and payment of all dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on financial and legal requirements and other considerations. The amount available under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for share repurchases will be reduced by the amount of any cash dividends declared and paid by us. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

On January 24, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.65 per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on March 14, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 1, 2024. 
 
 On March 15, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.65 per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on June 13, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 31, 2024. 
 
 On June 13, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.65 per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which was paid on September 12, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 30, 2024. 
 
 On September 18, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.88 per share on our issued and outstanding common stock, which will be paid on December 12, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 27, 2024. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid an aggregate of 758 million and 2.3 billion, respectively, in cash dividends to our stockholders, which was presented within Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of September 30, 2024, 1.0 billion for dividends payable is presented within Other current liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 3,179,707 shares of our common stock at an average price per share of 202.45 for a total purchase price of 644 million, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 39,093,340 shares of common stock at an average price per share of 165.98 for a total purchase price of 6.5 billion, under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program. As of September 30, 2024, we had up to 7.3 billion remaining under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for repurchases of shares and quarterly dividends through December 31, 2024. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, from October 1, 2024, through October 18, 2024, we repurchased 4,186,019 shares of our common stock at an average price per share of 212.88 for a total purchase price of 891 million. As of October 18, 2024, we had up to 6.4 billion remaining under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program for repurchases of shares and quarterly dividends through December 31, 2024. 
 
 For additional information regarding the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program, see Note 11 Stockholder Return Program of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have related party transactions associated with DT, SoftBank or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including intercompany servicing and licensing. 
 
 As of October 18, 2024, DT and SoftBank held, directly or indirectly, approximately 50.7 and 7.4 , respectively, of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock, with the remaining approximately 41.9 of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock held by other stockholders. As a result of the Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, by and between DT and SoftBank, DT has voting control, as of October 18, 2024, over approximately 57.8 of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock. 
 
 Disclosure of Iranian Activities under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and the Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 added Section 13(r) to the Exchange Act. Section 13(r) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with designated natural persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Disclosure is required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under U.S. law. 
 
 As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing by us or any of our affiliates for the three months ended September 30, 2024, that requires disclosure in this report under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, except as set forth below with respect to affiliates that we do not control and that are our affiliates solely due to their common control with either DT or SoftBank. We have relied upon DT and SoftBank for information regarding their respective activities, transactions and dealings. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, is party to roaming and interconnect agreements with the following mobile and fixed line telecommunication providers in Iran, some of which are or may be government-controlled entities: Irancell Telecommunications Services Company, Telecommunication Kish Company, Mobile Telecommunication Company of Iran, and Telecommunication Infrastructure Company of Iran. In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provided basic telecommunications services to five customers in Germany identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control: Bank Melli, Europ isch-Iranische Handelsbank, CPG Engineering Commercial Services GmbH, Golgohar Trade and Technology GmbH and International Trade and Industrial Technology ITRITEC GmbH. These services have been terminated or are in the process of being terminated. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, gross revenues of all DT affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic and telecommunications services with the Iranian parties identified herein were less than 0.1 million, and the estimated net profits were less than 0.1 million. 
 
 In addition, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate a fixed-line network in their respective European home countries (in particular, Germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the Embassy of Iran in those European countries. Gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were less than 0.1 million. We understand that DT intends to continue these activities. 
 
 Separately, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provides roaming services in Iran through Irancell Telecommunications Services Company. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, SoftBank had no gross revenues from such services, and no net profit was generated. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such services. This subsidiary also provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to accounts affiliated with the Embassy of Iran in Japan. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services were both under 0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary is obligated under contract and intends to continue such services. 
 
 In addition, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. indirect subsidiaries, provides office supplies to the Embassy of Iran in Japan. SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services during the three months ended September 30, 2024, were both under 0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such activities. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates as previously disclosed in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and which are hereby incorporated by reference herein. 

Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 For information regarding recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to economic risks in the normal course of business, primarily from changes in interest rates, including changes in investment yields and changes in spreads due to credit risk, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other factors. These risks, along with other business risks, impact our cost of capital. Our policy is to manage exposure related to fluctuations in interest rates in order to manage capital costs, control financial risks and maintain financial flexibility over the long term. We have established interest rate risk limits that are closely monitored by measuring interest rate sensitivities of our debt portfolio. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 2.0 billion in EUR-denominated Senior Notes, which are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have entered into cross-currency swap agreements that qualify and have been designated as fair value hedges of our EUR-denominated debt, mitigating our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses. We do not foresee significant changes in the strategies used to manage market risk in the near future. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls include the use of a Disclosure Committee which is comprised of representatives from our Accounting, Legal, Treasury, Technology, Risk Management, Government Affairs and Investor Relations functions and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. 
 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For more information regarding the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Other than the updated risk factor below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage the ongoing arrangements entered into in connection with the Prepaid Transaction and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, we and DISH entered into certain arrangements, including a Master Network Services Agreement (the MNSA ). Pursuant to the MNSA, DISH will receive network services from the Company for a period of seven years. As set forth in the MNSA, the Company provides DISH, among other things, (a) legacy network services for certain Boost Mobile prepaid end users on the Sprint network, (b) T-Mobile network services for certain end users that have been migrated to the T-Mobile network or provisioned on the T-Mobile network by or on behalf of DISH and (c) infrastructure mobile network operator services to assist in the access and integration of the DISH network. 
 
 Failure to successfully manage the MNSA may result in material unanticipated problems, including diversion of management time and energy, significant expenses and liabilities. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The table below provides information regarding our share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 8,673 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 20,147 185.82 20,147 8,669 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 3,159,560 202.56 3,159,560 7,271 Total 3,179,707 3,179,707 
 (1) On September 6, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized our 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program of up to 19.0 billion of repurchases of our common stock and payment of dividends through December 31, 2024. The amounts presented represent the remaining dollar amount authorized for purchase under the 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program as of the end of the period, which has been reduced by the amount of any cash dividends paid by the Company. 
 
 See Note 11 Stockholder Return Program of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our 2023-2024 Stockholder Return Program. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , none of the Company s directors or officers adopted, modified, or terminated any or , as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of First Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herein 10.1 Compensation Term Sheet, dated as of September 12, 2024, by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Peter Osvaldik. 
 X 22.1 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 
 X 31.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags) 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Furnished herein. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 T-MOBILE US, INC. October 23, 2024 /s/ Peter Osvaldik Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
 
 60 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tmus09302024ex101.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 10.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.1 

 T-MOBILE US, INC. 
 
 COMPENSATION TERM SHEET 
 FOR 
 PETER OSVALDIK 
 
 This Compensation Term Sheet (the Term Sheet between Peter Osvaldik you and T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), effective as of September 12, 2024 (the Effective Date ), confirms our understanding and agreement about your role and certain compensation opportunities with the Company during the Term (as defined below). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them on Attachment A hereto. 

TERM Subject to earlier termination as set forth herein, the term of your employment with the Company under this Term Sheet will commence on the Effective Date and continue until July 2, 2026 (such date, the Expiration Date and, such term of employment, the Original Term ). No later than thirty (30) days prior to the Expiration Date, the Company may provide you with written notice of the proposed extension of your term of employment with the Company under this Term Sheet (the Extension Offer ), and you will have thirty (30) days to accept or decline such Extension Offer. If you timely accept the Extension Offer, your employment with the Company will continue under this Term Sheet following the Expiration Date on the terms and conditions set forth in the Extension Offer or as otherwise mutually agreed upon between you and the Company (any such extended term, the Extended Term and, together with the Original Term, the Term ). 
 If the Company does not provide you with an Extension Officer and or you do not timely accept the Company s Extension Offer, then, in either case, your employment with the Company will terminate on the Expiration Date (a Non-Extension Termination ). 
 POSITION During the Term, you will serve as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, reporting to the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ). You will have such duties and authority as are commensurate with your current duties and authority and with the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and you will perform such other duties commensurate with such position as the CEO may from time to time assign. You will continue to devote your full professional time, attention and energies to the business of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, provided it does not interfere with your obligations to the Company, you may (a) with the prior approval of the CEO, serve as a director or trustee, or in a similar capacity, in connection with service to for profit and not-for-profit entities, including industry associations, that do not compete, directly or indirectly, with the Company and its affiliates and (b) manage your personal investments. Your position will continue to be based in Bellevue, WA. 

COMPENSATION During the Term, your compensation will be as follows Salary You will receive an annual base salary (the Base Salary of no less than 975,000 (pro-rated for any partial year of employment), payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices (but no less often than monthly). 
 Short-Term Incentive STI For each calendar year commencing after the Effective Date during the Term, your annual STI award will be targeted at no less than 200 of your eligible base earnings during such calendar year Target STI ). 
 STI awards will continue be based on the achievement of Company goals (and, as applicable, individual performance) as determined by the Compensation Committee or Section 16 Subcommittee (collectively, the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 Long-Term Incentive LTI For each calendar year commencing after the Effective Date during the Term, your annual LTI awards will have an annual aggregate grant-date target value (as determined by the Committee) of no less than 250 of the sum of (i) your Base Salary and (ii) your Target STI during such calendar year. LTI awards will continue to be made in such form and on such terms as the Committee may determine. Each LTI award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2023 Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and an award agreement prescribed by the Company, which shall evidence the grant of the LTI award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no LTI awards will be granted to you during the period commencing on the date on which either you or the Company provides notice of the termination of your employment for any reason and ending on the date on which your employment terminates provided , however, that such notice shall not be deemed to have been given any earlier than twelve (12) months prior to the date on which your employment terminates. 
 SEVERANCE (a) If your employment terminates due to a Non-Renewal Termination, then, subject to the satisfaction of the requirements described in subsection (c) below and Attachment B hereto, the Company will pay or provide to you the following payments and benefits 

2 

(i) The Company will pay you the Expiration Date Payment, payable in a lump-sum amount within seventy-four (74) days following the date on which your employment terminates (the date on which your employment terminates for any reason, the Termination Date ). The Expiration Date Payment shall be paid to you in cash, in shares of Company common stock (valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Termination Date), or in a combination of cash and shares of Company common stock, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 (ii) During the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending on the earlier of the end of the eighteenth (18th) full calendar month following the Termination Date or the date on which you become eligible for coverage under a subsequent employer s group medical and dental plans (in either case, the COBRA Period ), subject to your valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the regulations thereunder, the Company will continue to provide to you and your dependents, at the Company s sole cost, coverage under its group medical and dental plans at the same levels in effect on the Termination Date provided , however , that if (i) any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the continuation coverage period to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A (as defined below) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), (ii) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover you or your dependents under its group health plans, or (iii) the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in any such case, an amount equal to the dollar value of the balance of the Company s subsidy shall thereafter be paid to you in substantially equal, then-currently-taxable monthly installments over the COBRA Period (or remaining portion thereof) (the COBRA Benefits and 
 (iii) Following the Termination Date, you will continue to be eligible for the Company s employee mobile service discount program, in accordance with the terms of such program as in effect from time to time following the Termination Date. 
 
 3 

Notwithstanding the terms of any of your LTI or STI award agreements, upon a termination of your employment pursuant to this subsection (a), (i) any outstanding and unvested LTI award held by you as of the Termination Date shall be cancelled and terminated as of the Termination Date without any consideration therefor and (ii) you will not be entitled to payment of all or any portion of your STI award for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (b) If your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and other than due to your death or Disability) or by you for Good Reason, in either case, during the Original Term and prior to July 2, 2026, then, subject to the satisfaction of the requirements described in subsection (c) below and Attachment B hereto, the Company will pay or provide to you the following payments and benefits 
 
 (i) The Company will pay you the Pre-Expiration Date Payment, payable in a lump-sum amount within seventy-four (74) days following the Termination Date. The Pre-Expiration Date Payment shall be paid to you in cash, in shares of Company common stock (valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Termination Date), or in a combination of cash and shares of Company common stock, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion (ii) The Company will provide you with the COBRA Benefits (as provided in subsection (a)(ii) above) (iii) Following the Termination Date, you will continue to be eligible for the Company s employee mobile service discount program, in accordance with the terms of such program as in effect from time to time following the Termination Date and (iv) if the Termination Date occurs prior to July 1, 2026, then a portion of the 2023 Special PRSU Award, determined by multiplying the full number of units subject to the 2023 Special PRSU Award by the Pro Rata Fraction (as defined in the Award Agreement), will become earned and vested on an accelerated basis as of the Termination Date based on the actual level of performance attained during the portion of the Performance Period (as defined in the Award Agreement) ending on the last day of the Company s fiscal quarter ending immediately prior the Termination Date (i.e., determined as if the Performance Period had ended as of the date of the last quarterly accounting accrual to occur prior to the Termination Date). 
 
 4 

Notwithstanding the terms of any of your LTI or STI award agreements, upon a termination of your employment pursuant to this subsection (b), (i) any outstanding and unvested LTI award (after taking into account the accelerated vesting of the 2023 Special PRSU Award contemplated by subsection (b)(iv) above) held by you as of the Termination Date shall be cancelled and terminated as of the Termination Date without any consideration therefor and (ii) you will not be entitled to payment of all or any portion of your STI award for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. (c) As a condition to your receipt of any severance payments and benefits described in subsections (a) and (b) above (as applicable, the Severance Benefits ), (i) you must execute and deliver to the Company a release of all claims in a form determined solely by the Company (the Release ), and such Release must become fully effective (including, without limitation, the expiration of any revocation period), no later than sixty (60) days following the Termination Date, (ii) you must continue to comply with the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement (as defined below) and (iii) if the Company appoints a new Chief Financial Officer of the Company at any time during the Term (including on the Expiration Date), you will cooperate fully with the Company and assist in the transition of your duties to such new Chief Financial Officer in order to facilitate an orderly transition, as may be requested by the Company. 
 (d) If the aggregate period during which you are entitled to consider and or revoke the Release spans two calendar years, no payments under this section will be made prior to the beginning of the second such calendar year (and any payments otherwise payable prior thereto (if any) will instead be paid on the first regularly scheduled Company payroll date occurring in the latter such calendar year or, if later, on the first regularly scheduled Company payroll date following the effectiveness of the Release). (e) During the Term, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other plan, program or arrangements maintained by the Company, you will not be eligible to participate in any other severance program or policy maintained by the Company in which you are, immediately prior to the commencement of the Term, or would otherwise be during the Term, eligible to participate provided , however, that, during the Term, (i) you will remain eligible to participate in the Executive Continuity Plan and (ii) your LTI awards will remain eligible to vest on an accelerated basis in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan, or any successor plan) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with a termination of your employment by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control) pursuant to the Plan and your LTI award agreements (the benefits in this clause (ii), the CIC LTI Award Acceleration ), subject to the following paragraph. 
 
 5 

If your employment terminates during the Term in a manner that results in your receipt of the Severance Benefits and, in connection with such termination of employment, you are also eligible to receive severance payments and benefits under the Executive Continuity Plan and the CIC LTI Award Acceleration (together, the CIC Benefits ), then (subject to your satisfaction of any applicable conditions to the receipt thereof) the Company will provide you with either the Severance Benefits or the CIC Benefits (whichever have a greater aggregate value to you, as determined by the Company). For example, if you are eligible for CIC Benefits in connection with a termination of employment following a Change in Control under the Executive Continuity Plan, the Plan and your LTI award agreements (as applicable), and the aggregate value of such CIC Benefits is greater than the aggregate value of the Severance Benefits that you would be eligible to receive under this Term Sheet (as determined by the Company), then you would be eligible to receive the CIC Benefits instead of the Severance Benefits under this Term Sheet. 
 CODE SECTIONS The payments and benefits described in this Term Sheet are intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ). See Attachment B , which is hereby incorporated into this Term Sheet, for additional details. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that the payments and benefits described in this Term Sheet (in addition to any other payments and benefits payable to you by the Company or any affiliate thereof) may be subject to reduction as set forth on Attachment C , which is hereby incorporated into this Term Sheet. 
 SUCCESSORS This Term Sheet is personal to you and, without the prior written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by you other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Term Sheet shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. WITHHOLDING All compensation and other benefits payable to or on behalf of you pursuant to this Term Sheet shall be subject to such deductions and withholdings as may be agreed to by you or required by applicable law, rule or regulation or Company policy. CLAWBACK You acknowledge and agree that any incentive compensation provided by the Company to you under this Term Sheet or otherwise may be subject to recovery by the Company under and in accordance with any Company clawback or recoupment policy in effect on the Effective Date or as may be adopted or maintained by the Company following the Effective Date, including the Company s Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy as adopted October 2, 2023, as amended from time to time (or any successor policy thereto). 

6 

COVENANTS You acknowledge and agree that you have previously entered into a T-Mobile US, Inc. Restrictive Covenant, Intellectual Property Ownership and Assignment, and Confidentiality Agreement with the Company (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and you agree to continue to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of such Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement to the contrary, you understand that nothing contained herein or in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement is intended to or will prohibit you from (i) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with any federal, state or local governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation (ii) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade secrets) to, or receiving financial awards from, any federal, state or local government agency (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the U.S. National Labor Relations Board) (iii) exercising any rights you may have under Section 7 of the U.S. National Labor Relations Act, such as the right to engage in concerted activity, including collective action or discussion concerning wages or working conditions and (iv) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination based on a protected characteristic or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement to the contrary, you understand that pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), (1) you will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (2) if you file a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to your attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if you (A) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) do not disclose a trade secret, except pursuant to court order. DISPUTE RESOLUTION Except for any claims arising out of, or relating to, your Restrictive Covenant Agreement and, any other written and fully executed agreements to which you and the Company or an affiliate thereof are parties that expressly provide for a different dispute resolution mechanism, any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Term Sheet or your employment with the Company or termination thereof, either 
 
 7 

during the existence of the employment relationship or afterward, and including, but not limited to, any common law or statutory claims for wrongful discharge, discrimination or unpaid compensation, shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration in King County, Washington, conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association (the AAA ), with one arbitrator designated in accordance with those rules. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection. All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity provided , however, that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as precluding either party from bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief. In any such dispute, the prevailing party shall be entitled to its or his attorneys fees and costs, in addition to any other relief that may be awarded. In accordance with the terms of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, the exclusive venue for claims arising out of, or related to, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall be the state and Federal courts of King County, Washington. 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Term Sheet, along with the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and your STI and LTI award agreements, embody the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matters hereof (including but not limited to your compensation terms) and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements and understandings between the Company and you with respect to the subject matters hereof, and it can only be modified in a fully executed written agreement between you and a duly authorized Company officer. It may be executed by facsimile and in counterparts which, taken together, shall constitute one original. To the extent the provisions of this Term Sheet are inconsistent with the terms of any underlying compensation plan or program, including without limitation any annual performance bonus plan or the Plan, the terms of this Term Sheet shall control. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that the Plan or any STI or LTI award agreement provides for more favorable treatment to you of your STI award(s) and or LTI award(s) than the terms of this Term Sheet, the terms of the Plan or award agreement (as applicable) shall control. For avoidance of doubt, this Term Sheet is not intended to deprive you of any right, entitlement or protection (e.g., indemnification and insurance), in any case, that is not inconsistent with this Term Sheet and that you may have under any other agreement, plan, or policy of the Company applicable to you that may provide more favorable treatment than this Term Sheet, nor is it intended to exclude you from being eligible to receive any employee benefits (provided that such benefits would not result in you 

8 

receiving a duplication of benefits) that may in the future be broadly provided to similarly-situated employees. Similarly, for avoidance of doubt, this Term Sheet is not intended to relieve you of obligations to the Company or requirements of the Company set forth in any other written agreement, plan, or policy of the Company applicable to you (including, without limitation, the Company s Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy as adopted October 2, 2023, as amended from time to time), unless such obligations or requirements are expressly contrary to a commitment in this Term Sheet. GOVERNING LAW This Term Sheet shall be exclusively governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Washington. 

Please indicate your acceptance of, and agreement to, the terms and conditions outlined above by signing and dating this Term Sheet below. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 9 

Sincerely, 
 
 T-MOBILE US, INC. 

By _ s Deeanne King _________________ 
 Deeanne King 
 EVP and Chief People Officer 
 
 AGREED and ACCEPTED as of the date below 

s Peter Osvaldik 9 12 2024 
 Peter Osvaldik Date 
 
 10 

ATTACHMENT A 
 
 1. 2023 Special PRSU Award shall mean the award of cash-settled performance-vesting restricted stock units granted to you on July 5, 2023 pursuant to the Plan. 
 2. Award Agreement shall mean the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2023, by and between you and the Company, evidencing the grant of the 2023 Special PRSU Award. 
 3. Cause shall be defined as any one of the following (i) your gross neglect or willful material breach of your principal employment responsibilities, (ii) a final judicial adjudication that you are guilty of any felony (other than a law, rule or regulation relating to a traffic violation or other similar offense that has no material, adverse effect on the Company, Deutsche Telekom AG or their respective affiliates), (iii) your breach of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement or any other written non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality covenant between you and the Company or any affiliate of the Company (other than a de minimis breach), (iv) fraudulent conduct in the course of your employment with the Company as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, (v) your unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, assault or other violent act toward any employee or third party, or other act or omission, in each case that in the reasonable and good faith view of the Board constitutes a material breach of the Company s written policies or Code of Conduct, or (vi) your material breach of any other obligation which, if reasonably curable, continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof by the Company or any of its affiliates and which is demonstrably injurious to the Company or an affiliate thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no cure period shall be required under the foregoing clause (vi) if the breach is a recurrence of conduct that was the subject of a prior notice under such clause (vi) for which a thirty (30)-day cure period was given. For purposes of the foregoing clause (vi), the term obligation refers to Company policies and directives and is not intended to refer to performance expectations such as goals set forth in bonus plans or performance evaluations. 
 4. Expiration Date Payment shall mean an amount equal to (i) two and one-half times (2.5x) the Target Grant-Date Value, minus (ii) the aggregate dollar value of the portion of the 2023 Special PRSU Award that vests as of the Vesting Date (as defined in the Award Agreement) (determined based on the Company s closing stock price on the Vesting Date), as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided , however, that in no event will the Expiration Date Payment exceed the Severance Cap. If the amount in clause (i) of this definition is equal to or less than the amount in clause (ii) of this definition, then the Expiration Date Payment shall equal zero. 
 5. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without your consent, provided that (a) you notify the Company within not more than ninety (90) days after its initial occurrence, (b) the Company does not cure such occurrence within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice and (c) your employment with the Company terminates within sixty (60) days after the end of the Company s cure period (i) a substantial and material adverse change in your title, authority, responsibility or duties (ii) a material reduction in your Base Salary, target STI award opportunity, or target LTI opportunity, except for across-the-board salary reductions based on the Company s and subsidiaries financial performance similarly affecting all or substantially all management employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (iii) the relocation of the office at which you are principally employed to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such office, or you being required to be based anywhere other than such office, except for 
 11 

required travel on business or (iv) the appointment by the Company of a new Chief Financial Officer of the Company or any other person as a result of which you cease to serve as the sole Chief Financial Officer of the Company provided that, the foregoing clauses (i) (iv) shall only constitute Good Reason if, to the extent requested by the Company, you agree to provide up to ninety (90) days (measured from the date on which you notify the Company of the initial occurrence of Good Reason) of continued service in your role as Chief Financial Officer of the Company or transitional support services as an employee advisor to the Company, in either case, as determined by the Company (such period, the Transition Period ). For the avoidance of doubt, during the Transition Period, you will continue to receive the same compensation and benefits as in effect immediately prior to the initial occurrence of the event alleged to constitute Good Reason. 
 6. Pre-Expiration Date Payment shall mean an amount equal to (i) (x) two and one-half times (2.5x) the Target Grant-Date Value, multiplied by (y) the Pro Rata Fraction, minus (ii) the aggregate dollar value of the portion of the 2023 Special PRSU Award that vests in connection with your termination of employment pursuant to the Term Sheet (determined based on the Company s closing stock price on such Termination Date), as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided , however, that in no event will the Pre-Expiration Date Payment exceed an amount equal to the Severance Cap multiplied by the Pro Rata Fraction. If the amount in clause (i) of this definition is equal to or less than the amount in clause (ii) of this definition, then the Pre-Expiration Date Payment shall equal zero. 
 7. Severance Cap shall mean 10,000,000. 
 8. Target Grant-Date Value shall mean the target grant-date value of the 2023 Special PRSU Award, as disclosed in the Company s annual Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2024. 
 
 12 

ATTACHMENT B 
 
 It is intended that the payments and benefits under this Term Sheet comply with the provisions of Section 409A and the Treasury regulations relating thereto, or satisfy the requirements for an exemption from Section 409A, in each case to the extent applicable to this Agreement and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Term Sheet shall be interpreted and be administered in a manner to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, you shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this Term Sheet, and no payment otherwise due upon a termination of employment shall be due to you under this Term Sheet, until you would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (a Separation from Service ). Any payments described in this Term Sheet that qualify for the short-term deferral exception from Section 409A shall not be treated as deferred compensation as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be paid under such exception unless applicable law requires otherwise. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) and the application of the short-term deferral exception), each payment under this Term Sheet will be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Term Sheet (whether under this Term Sheet or otherwise), to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the payments to be made to you upon your Separation from Service is required to avoid a prohibited payment under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of the payments shall be delayed and paid on the first business day after the earlier of (i) the date that is six (6) months following such Separation from Service or (ii) your death. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to you under this Term Sheet shall be paid to you on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to you) during any one year may not affect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year and may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. 
 13 

ATTACHMENT C 
 
 In the event any payment, benefit or distribution of any type to or for the benefit of you, whether paid or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Term Sheet or otherwise, constitutes a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the amount payable to you shall be either (a) paid in full, or (b) paid after reduction by the smallest amount as would result in no portion thereof being subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, results in the receipt by you, on an after-tax basis, of the greater net value, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payment amount may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Unless the Company and you otherwise agree in writing, all determinations required to be made under this paragraph, including the manner and amount of any reduction in your payments hereunder, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determinations, shall be made in writing in good faith by the accounting firm serving as the Company s independent public accounting firm immediately prior to the event giving rise to such payment (the Accounting Firm provided , however, that no such reduction or elimination shall apply to any non-qualified deferred compensation amounts (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate or defer the timing of such payment in manner that does not comply with Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of making the calculations required by this paragraph, the Accounting Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and you shall furnish to the Accounting Firm such information and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably request to make a determination under this paragraph. The Accounting Firm shall provide its written report to the Committee and you, which shall include information regarding methodology. The Company shall bear all costs the Accounting Firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this paragraph. You and the Company shall cooperate in case of a potential Change in Control to consider alternatives to mitigate any Section 280G exposure, although the Company cannot guaranty any such alternatives will be available or approved by the Company and neither you nor the Company shall be obligated to enter into them. 
 14 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-22.1>
 3
 tmus09302024ex221.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 22.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 22.1 

 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the T-Mobile USA Senior Notes issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), were outstanding as of September 30, 2024, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 3.500 senior notes due 2025 1.500 senior notes due 2026 2.250 senior notes due 2026 2.625 senior notes due 2026 3.750 senior notes due 2027 5.375 senior notes due 2027 4.750 senior notes due 2028 4.750 senior notes due 2028-1 held by affiliate 2.050 senior notes due 2028 4.950 senior notes due 2028 4.800 senior notes due 2028 4.850 senior notes due 2029 2.625 senior notes due 2029 2.400 senior notes due 2029 3.375 senior notes due 2029 3.550 senior notes due 2029 4.200 senior notes due 2029 3.875 senior notes due 2030 2.550 senior notes due 2031 2.875 senior notes due 2031 3.500 senior notes due 2031 2.250 senior notes due 2031 2.700 senior notes due 2032 3.700 senior notes due 2032 5.200 senior notes due 2033 5.050 senior notes due 2033 5.750 senior notes due 2034 5.150 senior notes due 2034 4.700 senior notes due 2035 3.850 senior notes due 2036 4.375 senior notes due 2040 3.000 senior notes due 2041 4.500 senior notes due 2050 

3.300 senior notes due 2051 3.400 senior notes due 2052 5.650 senior notes due 2053 5.750 senior notes due 2054 6.000 senior notes due 2054 5.500 senior notes due 2055 5.250 senior notes due 2055 3.600 senior notes due 2060 5.800 senior notes due 2062 

The following securities (collectively, the Sprint Senior Notes issued by Sprint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were outstanding as of September 30, 2024, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 7.625 senior notes due 2025 7.625 senior notes due 2026 

The following securities (collectively, the Sprint Capital Corporation Senior Notes issued by Sprint Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were outstanding as of September 30, 2024, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 6.875 senior notes due 2028 8.750 senior notes due 2032 

Obligors 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the obligors under the T-Mobile USA Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Obligor Type American Telecasting of Seattle, LLC Delaware Guarantor APC Realty and Equipment Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor Assurance Wireless of South Carolina, LLC Delaware Guarantor Assurance Wireless USA, L.P. Delaware Guarantor ATI Sub, LLC Delaware Guarantor Clearwire Communications LLC Delaware Guarantor Clearwire Legacy LLC Delaware Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings II LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings III LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings LLC Nevada Guarantor Fixed Wireless Holdings, LLC Delaware Guarantor IBSV LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS California, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Florida, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Georgia, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Massachusetts, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Michigan, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Nevada, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS New York, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Texas, LLC Delaware Guarantor Mint Mobile, LLC Delaware Guarantor Mint Mobile Incentive Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor Nextel South Corp. Georgia Guarantor Nextel Systems, LLC Delaware Guarantor Nextel West Corp. Delaware Guarantor NSAC, LLC Delaware Guarantor PRWireless PR, LLC Delaware Guarantor PushSpring, LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Capital Corporation Delaware Guarantor Sprint Communications LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Solutions LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Spectrum LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Spectrum Realty Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor SprintCom LLC Kansas Guarantor T-Mobile Central LLC Delaware Guarantor 

T-Mobile Financial LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Innovations LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Leasing LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile License LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Northeast LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Puerto Rico Holdings LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Puerto Rico LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Resources LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile South LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile USA, Inc. Delaware Issuer T-Mobile West LLC Delaware Guarantor TDI Acquisition Sub, LLC Delaware Guarantor TMUS International LLC Delaware Guarantor TVN Ventures LLC Delaware Guarantor UVNV, LLC Delaware Guarantor VMU GP, LLC Delaware Guarantor WBSY Licensing, LLC Delaware Guarantor 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the obligors under the Sprint Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor Sprint LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), as issuer and T-Mobile USA, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and Sprint Communications LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) as guarantors. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the obligors under the Sprint Capital Corporation Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor Sprint Capital Corporation (a Delaware corporation), as issuer and T-Mobile USA, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), Sprint LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) and Sprint Communications LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) as guarantors. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tmus09302024ex311.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, G. Michael Sievert, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 23, 2024 
 s G. Michael Sievert G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tmus09302024ex312.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Peter Osvaldik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 23, 2024 
 s Peter Osvaldik Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 tmus09302024ex321.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), G. Michael Sievert, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 October 23, 2024 
 s G. Michael Sievert G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 tmus09302024ex322.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Peter Osvaldik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 October 23, 2024 
 s Peter Osvaldik Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tmus-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tmus-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tmus-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tmus-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tmus-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

