<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1625941_0001558370-24-015289.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16136851</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>591063</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1843879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6738484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2151071</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4309123</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015289.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112153921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015289
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				471592886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56032
		FILM NUMBER:		241447477

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-228-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOGISTICS PROPERTY TRUST INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015289.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 aire-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 6, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class T-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class D-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class I-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class S-PR common stock and shares of the registrant s Class I-PR common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements: Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 3 . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 50 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A . Risk Factors 50 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 50 Item 5. Other Information 52 Item 6. Exhibits 53 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of September 30, December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Net investment in real estate properties Investment in unconsolidated joint venture partnership Investments in real estate debt and securities, at fair value Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Derivative instruments DST Program Loans (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Debt, net Secured financings on investments in real estate debt securities Intangible lease liabilities, net Financing obligations, net (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Distribution fees payable to affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized, none issued and outstanding Common stock, par value per share (Note 8) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit and distributions ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental revenues Debt-related income Total revenues Operating expenses: Rental expenses Real estate-related depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Advisory fees Acquisition costs and reimbursements Total operating expenses Other income (expenses): Equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnership ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on financing obligations ) Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans ) Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations (Loss) gain on derivative instruments ) Net gain on sale of real estate property Other income and expenses Total other income (expenses) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities ) ) Change from activities related to available-for-sale debt securities Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated Accumulated Other Common Stock Additional Deficit Comprehensive Noncontrolling (in thousands) Shares Amount Paid-In Capital and Distributions Income (Loss) Interests Total Equity FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net (loss) income (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities and available-for-sale debt securities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation, net of cancellations Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities and available-for-sale debt securities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation, net of cancellations Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated Other Common Stock Additional Accumulated Comprehensive Noncontrolling (in thousands) Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Interests Total Equity FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Net (loss) income (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities and available-for-sale debt securities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation, net of cancellations ) Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities and available-for-sale debt securities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation, net of cancellations ) ) Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Decrease in financing obligation liability appreciation ) ) Equity in (income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture partnership ) Loss on changes in fair value of interest rate caps Amortization of interest rate cap premiums Unrealized gain on financing obligations ) Unrealized loss on DST Program Loans Straight-line rent and amortization of above- and below-market leases ) ) Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations ) Net gain on sale of real estate property ) Forfeited investment deposit Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities Cash settlement of accrued performance participation allocation ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities: Real estate acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate properties Capital expenditures ) ) Investments in debt-related investments ) ) Investment in unconsolidated joint venture partnership ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities ) Collection of principal on available-for-sale debt securities Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from line of credit Repayments of line of credit ) ) Net proceeds from (repayments of) secured funding agreement Proceeds from mortgage note Repayments of mortgage note ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) Interest rate cap premiums ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from financing obligations, net Offering costs paid in connection with issuance of common stock and private placements ) ) Distributions paid to common stockholders, redeemable noncontrolling interest holders and noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Distribution fees paid to affiliates ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) Redemptions of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 and industrial buildings, respectively. Additionally, investment in real estate properties included building under construction and building in the pre-construction phase as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Land Building and improvements (1) Intangible lease assets Construction in progress Investment in real estate properties Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net investment in real estate properties 

 (1) Includes site improvements. Acquisitions of the following properties, which were determined to be asset acquisitions: 

Number of Total Purchase in thousands) Acquisition Date Buildings Price (1) 2024 Acquisitions: Plainfield Distribution Center I II 4/8/2024 Baymeadow Commerce Center 5/9/2024 Nashville Logistics Center 6/27/2024 Total Acquisitions 

 (1) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. There was debt assumed in connection with the 2024 acquisitions. 
 Building and improvements (1) Intangible lease assets Below-market lease liabilities ) Total purchase price (2) 

 (1) Includes site improvements. (2) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. There was debt assumed in connection with the 2024 acquisitions. The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible lease assets and liabilities acquired in connection with our acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as of the respective date of each acquisition, was years. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 industrial buildings for aggregate net proceeds of approximately million. We recorded a net gain on sale of approximately million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we did not sell any properties. Intangible Lease Assets and Liabilities ) ) Above-market lease assets (1) ) ) Below-market lease liabilities ) ) ) ) 

 (1) Included in net investment in real estate properties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Rental Revenue Adjustments and Depreciation and Amortization Expense Above-market lease amortization ) ) ) ) Below-market lease amortization Real Estate-Related Depreciation and Amortization: Depreciation expense Intangible lease asset amortization Aug 2025 Senior Industrial NY Aug 2023 Sep 2026 Senior Industrial TX Jan 2024 Feb 2027 Senior Industrial NC Apr 2024 Apr 2027 Senior Industrial VA Aug 2024 Sep 2028 Senior Industrial TX Sep 2024 Oct 2026 Total / weighted-average 

 (1) The weighted-average remaining term of our debt-related investments was approximately years as of September 30, 2024. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Aug 2025 Senior Industrial NY Aug 2023 Sep 2026 Total / weighted-average 

 (1) The weighted-average remaining term of our debt-related investments was approximately years as of December 31, 2023. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had debt security investments designated as available-for-sale debt securities. The weighted-average remaining term of our available-for-sale debt securities, which is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instruments, was approximately years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were credit losses associated with our available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023 

 (1) Face amount is presented net of repayments. (2) Represents cumulative unrealized gain (loss) beginning from acquisition date. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 March 2025 Term loan (2) March 2027 Term loan (3) May 2026 Fixed-rate mortgage notes (4) July 2025 - January 2029 Floating-rate mortgage notes (5) January 2025 - October 2026 Total principal amount / weighted-average (6) Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Add unamortized mark-to-market adjustment on assumed debt Total debt, net Gross book value of properties encumbered by debt 

 (1) The effective interest rate is calculated based on either (i) the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus a basis point adjustment Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin ranging from to ; or (ii) an alternative base rate plus a margin ranging from to , each depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Customary fall-back provisions apply if Term SOFR is unavailable. The weighted-average effective interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate cap agreements. The line of credit is available for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, our acquisition and operation of permitted investments. As of September 30, 2024, total commitments for the line of credit were billion and the unused portion under the line of credit was million, of which million was available. (2) The effective interest rate is calculated based on either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin ranging from to ; or (ii) an alternative base rate plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. The weighted-average effective interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements which fix Term SOFR for million of borrowings and interest rate cap agreements on million of borrowings under the term loan. As of September 30, 2024, total commitments for the term loan were million. This term loan is available for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, our acquisition and operation of permitted investments. (3) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Term SOFR plus a basis point adjustment plus a margin ranging from to ; or (ii) an alternative base rate plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. The weighted-average effective interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements which fix Term SOFR for million of borrowings and an interest rate cap agreement on million of borrowings under the term loan. As of September 30, 2024, total commitments for the term loan were million. This term loan is available for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, our acquisition and operation of permitted investments. (4) Interest rates range from to , including the effect of an interest rate swap agreement that fixes Term SOFR for million of borrowings. The assets and credit of each of our consolidated properties pledged as collateral for our mortgage notes are not available to satisfy our other debt and obligations, unless we first satisfy the mortgage notes payable on the respective underlying properties. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 million mortgage note, a million mortgage note, a million mortgage note and a million mortgage note. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the million mortgage note amounted to million. The effective interest rate of the million mortgage note is calculated based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin of , including the effects of interest rate cap agreements. The effective interest rate of the million mortgage note is calculated based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin of , including the effects of an interest rate cap agreement. The effective interest rate of the million mortgage note is calculated based on Term SOFR plus a margin of , including the effects of interest rate cap agreements. The effective interest rate of the million mortgage note is calculated based on Term SOFR plus a margin of , including the effects of an interest rate cap agreement. (6) The weighted-average remaining term of our consolidated debt was approximately years as of September 30, 2024, excluding any extension options on the line of credit and certain of our mortgage notes. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of interest incurred related to our consolidated indebtedness, excluding debt issuance cost amortization and amounts capitalized, was million and million, respectively, including million and million, respectively, related to the amortization of our interest rate cap premiums. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of interest incurred related to our consolidated indebtedness, excluding debt issuance cost amortization and amounts capitalized, was million and million, respectively, including million and million, respectively, related to the amortization of our interest rate cap premiums. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount of interest capitalized was million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the amount of interest capitalized was million and million, respectively. See Note 6 for the amount of interest incurred related to the DST Program (as defined below). 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total principal payments 

 (1) The line of credit matures in March 2025 and the term may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. (2) With respect to our mortgage notes, the term of our million mortgage note that matures in July 2025 may be extended pursuant to a extension option, subject to certain conditions. Our million mortgage note that matures in January 2025 , our million mortgage note that matures in July 2025 , and our million mortgage note that matures in October 2026, all may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. Our million mortgage note that matures in July 2026 may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. Additionally, one of our fixed-rate mortgage notes with commitments of million that matures in May 2027 may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. 
 Debt Covenants Our line of credit, term loans and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, the line of credit and term loan agreements contain certain corporate level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio, and tangible net worth thresholds. We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 million of borrowings outstanding pursuant to the Morgan Stanley MRA, collateralized by our available-for-sale debt securities, which are fair valued at million as of September 30, 2024. Advances under the Morgan Stanley MRA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 accrued interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of Term SOFR plus a pricing margin ranging from to . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount of interest incurred related to our secured financings under the Morgan Stanley MRA was million and million, respectively, and for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the amount of interest incurred related to our secured financings under the Morgan Stanley MRA was million. These amounts are recorded as a component of interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Derivative Instruments To manage interest rate risk for certain of our variable-rate debt, we use interest rate derivative instruments as part of our risk management strategy. These derivatives are designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for us making fixed-rate payments over the life of the interest rate swap agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty at the end of each period in which the interest rate exceeds the agreed fixed price. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and is reclassified into earnings as interest expense for the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings, which is when the interest expense is recognized on the related debt. For interest rate cap derivative instruments that are not designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value are recognized through income. As a result, in periods with high interest rate volatility, we may experience significant fluctuations in our net income (loss). During the next 12 months, we estimate that approximately million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense related to active effective hedges of existing floating-rate debt. Derivative instruments Interest rate caps not designated as cash flow hedges Derivative instruments Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges Derivative instruments Total derivative instruments As of December 31, 2023 Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges Derivative instruments Interest rate caps not designated as cash flow hedges Derivative instruments Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges Derivative instruments Total derivative instruments 

 15 

Table of Contents) Amount reclassified from AOCI as a decrease into interest expense ) ) ) ) Total interest expense presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of the cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) ) ) Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Unrealized loss on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expenses) (1) ) ) ) ) Realized gain on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expenses) (2) 

 (1) Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of derivative instruments relates to mark-to-market changes on our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges. (2) Realized gain on derivative instruments relates to interim settlements for our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges. N/A DST Program Loans, carried at fair value ) Total ) As of December 31, 2023 DST Program Loans, carried at cost N/A DST Program Loans, carried at fair value Total N/A 

 (1) Represents cumulative unrealized gain or loss on DST Program Loans carried at fair value. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 ) N/A Financing obligations, carried at fair value N/A N/A ) Total ) ) As of December 31, 2023 Financing obligations, carried at cost ) N/A Financing obligations, carried at fair value N/A N/A ) Total ) ) 

 (1) DST Interests sold are presented net of upfront fees. (2) Represents cumulative financing obligation liability appreciation on financing obligations carried at cost. (3) Represents cumulative unrealized gain or loss on financing obligations carried at fair value. DST Interests financed by DST Program Loans Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans ) Unrealized (loss) gain on financing obligations ) Income earned from DST Program Loans (1) Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations Decrease in financing obligation liability appreciation (2) ) ) ) Rent obligation incurred under master lease agreements (2) 

 (1) Included in other income and expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. (2) Included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We record DST Interests as financing obligation liabilities for accounting purposes. If we exercise our option to reacquire a DST Property by issuing partnership units in the Operating Partnership OP Units in exchange for DST Interests, we extinguish the related financing obligation liability and DST Program Loans and record the issuance of the OP Units as an issuance of equity. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million OP Units were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of million in accordance with our Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT structure. There were OP Units issued in exchange for DST Interests during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 11 for detail relating to the fees paid to the Advisor, Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager and their affiliates for raising capital through the DST Program. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Available-for-sale debt securities Debt-related investments DST Program Loans Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Financing obligations Total liabilities measured at fair value As of December 31, 2023 Assets Derivative instruments Available-for-sale debt securities Debt-related investments DST Program Loans Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Financing obligations Total liabilities measured at fair value The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial assets and liabilities: Derivative Instruments. The derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and interest rate caps whose fair value is estimated using market-standard valuation models. Such models involve using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements, which we have concluded are not material to the valuation. Due to the derivative instruments being unique and not actively traded, the fair value is classified as Level 2. See Note 5 above for further discussion of our derivative instruments. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities. The available-for-sale debt securities are debt securities collateralized by mortgages on commercial real estate properties whose fair value is estimated using third-party broker quotes, which provide valuation estimates based upon contractual cash flows, observable inputs comprising credit spreads and market liquidity. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements, which we have concluded are not material to the valuation. Due to the available-for-sale debt securities being unique and not actively traded, the fair value is classified as Level 2. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Purchases and contributions Unrealized loss on financial assets ) ) Paid-in-kind interest Balance as of September 30, 2024 DST Interests sold, net of upfront fees Unrealized gain on financing obligations ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Yield Method Market Yield Decrease DST Program Loans Yield Method Market Yield Decrease Liabilities: Financing obligations Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Decrease Decrease 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 Yield Method Market Yield Decrease DST Program Loans Yield Method Market Yield Decrease Liabilities: Financing obligations Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Decrease Decrease Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured At Fair Value Liabilities: Line of credit 3 Term loans 3 Mortgage notes 3 Secured financings on investments in real estate debt securities 3 

 (1) The estimate of fair value of DST Program Loans, line of credit, term loans, mortgage notes and secured financings on investments in real estate debt securities takes into consideration various factors including current market rates and conditions and similar agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles, as applicable. Debt instruments with near-term maturities are generally valued at par. (2) The carrying value reflects the principal amount outstanding. (3) Comprised of instruments for which we have not elected the fair value option and do not record at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 billion of shares of our common stock in any combination of Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, and Class I-R shares, and the third public offering commenced the same day. We closed the offering of primary shares to new investors pursuant to our third public offering on July 2, 2024. On August 22, 2024, we amended our registration statement on Form S-11 with respect to our third public offering to make it a distribution reinvestment plan DRIP only registration statement on Form S-3 pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(ii) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). On August 2, 2024, we initiated a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act (the Private Offering ), which offers Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares. Pursuant to our securities offerings, we have offered shares of our common stock at the transaction price, plus applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The transaction price generally is equal to the net asset value NAV per share of our common stock most recently disclosed. Our NAV per share is calculated as of the last calendar day of each month for each of our outstanding classes of stock, and will be available generally within 15 calendar days after the end of the applicable month. Shares issued pursuant to our DRIP are offered at the transaction price, as indicated above, in effect on the distribution date. We may update a previously disclosed transaction price in cases where we believe there has been a material change (positive or negative) to our NAV per share relative to the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised gross proceeds of approximately million from the sale of approximately million shares of our common stock in our securities offerings, including proceeds from our DRIP of approximately million. Common Stock par value per share Class D-R, par value per share Class I-R, par value per share Class S-PR, par value per share Class D-PR, par value per share Class I-PR, par value per share 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Issuance of common stock: Primary shares DRIP Stock grants, net of cancellations Redemptions ) ) ) ) Conversions ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (1) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of June 30, 2024 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares DRIP Stock grants, net of cancellations Redemptions ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (2) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares DRIP Stock grants, net of cancellations Redemptions ) ) ) ) Conversions ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (1) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of December 31, 2023 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares DRIP Stock grants, net of cancellations Redemptions ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (2) 

 (1) There is no data presented for Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares as of this date because there were shares of such share classes outstanding. (2) There is no data presented for Class D-PR shares as of this date because there were Class D-PR shares outstanding. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 Distributions June 30 March 31 Total 2023 December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 Total 

 (1) Amounts reflect the quarterly distribution rate authorized by our board of directors per Class T-R share, per Class D-R share, per Class I-R share, per Class S-PR share, per Class D-PR share and per Class I-PR share of common stock. Distributions were declared and paid as of monthly record dates. These monthly distributions have been aggregated and presented on a quarterly basis. The distributions on Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares of common stock are reduced by the respective distribution fees that are payable with respect to such Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. (2) Consists of distribution fees paid to the Dealer Manager with respect to OP Units and distributions paid to holders of OP Units and other noncontrolling interest holders. (3) Distribution fees are paid monthly to the Dealer Manager with respect to Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares issued in the primary portion of our securities offerings only. All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. Refer to Note 11 for further detail regarding distribution fees. (4) Gross distributions are total distributions before the deduction of any distribution fees relating to Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares issued in the primary portion of our securities offerings. 
 Redemptions Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed Average redemption price per share 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Settlement of prior year performance participation allocation (1) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemptions of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities and available-for-sale debt securities attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests (2) ) ) Ending balance 

 (1) The performance hurdle was not met for the year ended December 31, 2023 and performance participation allocation expense was recognized. The 2022 performance participation allocation in the amount of million became payable on December 31, 2022, and the Advisor elected to settle a portion of the amount owed in cash in the amount of million, and the remainder in million Class I-R OP Units in January 2023 to the holder of a separate series of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership with special distribution rights (the Special Units ), AIREIT Incentive Fee LP (the Special Unit Holder ). (2) Represents the adjustment recorded to mark to the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Balance at end of the period Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the holders of OP Units may redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for: shares of the equivalent class of common stock, cash or a combination of both. If we elect to redeem OP Units for shares of our common stock, we will generally deliver share of our common stock for each such OP Unit redeemed (subject to any redemption fees withheld), and such shares may, subsequently, only be redeemed for cash in accordance with the terms of our share redemption program. If we elect to redeem OP Units for cash, the cash delivered per unit will equal the then-current NAV per unit of the applicable class of OP Units (subject to any redemption fees withheld), which will equal the then-current NAV per share of our corresponding class of shares. The estimated maximum redemption value of the aggregate outstanding OP Units issued to third party investors as of September 30, 2024 was million. There were OP Unit redemptions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, OP Units were issued to third-party investors. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Ongoing distribution fees (1)(2) ) ) Advisory fee fixed component ) ) Other expense reimbursements (3)(4) ) ) Property accounting fee (5) ) DST Program selling commissions, dealer manager fees and distribution fees (1) ) ) Other DST Program related costs (4) ) ) Development fees (6) ) ) Total ) ) 

 (1) All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. (2) The distribution fees are payable monthly in arrears. Additionally, we accrue for future estimated amounts payable related to ongoing distribution fees. The future estimated amounts payable were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. (3) Other expense reimbursements include certain expenses incurred for organization and offering, acquisition, and general administrative services provided to us under the Advisory Agreement, including, but not limited to, certain expenses described below after footnote 6, allocated rent paid to both third parties and affiliates of the Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment. (4) Includes costs reimbursed to the Advisor related to the DST Program. (5) The cost of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, is generally borne by the tenant or tenants at each real property, either via a direct reimbursement to us or, in the case of tenants subject to a gross lease, as part of the lease cost. In certain limited circumstances, we may pay for a portion of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, without reimbursement from the tenant or tenants at a real property. (6) Development fees are included in the total development project costs of the respective properties and are capitalized in construction in progress, which is included in net investment in real estate properties on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amounts also include our proportionate share of development acquisition fees relating to our joint venture partnership, which are included in investment in unconsolidated joint venture partnership on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Certain of the expense reimbursements described in the table above include a portion of the compensation expenses of officers, including a portion of compensation (whether paid in cash, stock, or other forms), benefits and other overhead costs of certain of our named executive officers, as well as employees of the Advisor or its affiliates related to activities for which the Advisor did not otherwise receive a separate fee. We incurred approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for such compensation expenses reimbursable to the Advisor. Performance Participation Allocation The allocation of the performance participation interest is ultimately determined at the end of each calendar year and will be paid in Class I-R OP Units or cash, at the election of the Advisor. The performance hurdle was not achieved as of September 30, 2024 and 2023; therefore performance participation allocation expense was recognized in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Joint Venture Partnerships For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our joint venture partnership incurred approximately million and million, respectively, in acquisition and asset management fees, and fees related to development, which were paid to affiliates of the Advisor pursuant to their respective service agreements. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, our joint venture partnership incurred approximately million and million, respectively, in acquisition and asset management fees, and fees related to development, which were paid to affiliates of the Advisor pursuant to their respective service agreements. 

 25 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Incremental weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Increase in DST Program Loans receivable through DST Program capital raising Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Redeemable noncontrolling interests issued as settlement of performance participation allocation Increase (decrease) in accrued future ongoing distribution fees ) Decrease in accrued capital expenditures ) ) Non-cash selling commissions and dealer manager fees Restricted Cash Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 million OP Units were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of million in accordance with our UPREIT structure. The net carrying value of the related financing obligation liability and DST Program Loans was million as of the date the OP Units were issued. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References to the terms we, our, or us refer to Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes certain statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our ability to raise capital and effectively and timely deploy the net proceeds from our securities offerings, the expected use of net proceeds from our securities offerings, our reliance on Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (the Advisor and Ares real estate (the Sponsor or AREG of Ares Management Corporation Ares ), our understanding of our competition and our ability to compete effectively, our financing needs, our expected leverage, the effects of our current strategies, rent and occupancy growth, general conditions in the geographic area where we will operate, our future debt and financial position, our future capital expenditures, future distributions and acquisitions (including the amount and nature thereof), other developments and trends of the real estate industry, investment strategies and the expansion and growth of our operations. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words may, will, should, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, project, or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions, and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, present and future economic, competitive and market conditions, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: Our ability to raise capital and effectively deploy the net proceeds raised in our securities offerings in accordance with our investment strategy and objectives; The failure of properties to perform as we expect; Risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions and development of properties; Our failure to successfully integrate acquired properties and operations; Unexpected delays or increased costs associated with any development projects; The availability of cash flows from operating activities for distributions and capital expenditures; Defaults on or non-renewal of leases by customers, lease renewals at lower than expected rent, or failure to lease properties at all or on favorable rents and terms; Difficulties in economic conditions generally and the real estate, debt, and securities markets specifically, including the impact of inflation, changes in interest rates and the conflicts in Ukraine and in the Middle East; Legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to the laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts REITs Our failure to obtain, renew, or extend necessary financing or access the debt or equity markets; Conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with the Sponsor, the Advisor, and their affiliates; Risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks; Increases in interest rates, operating costs, or greater than expected capital expenditures; Changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and Our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

28 

Table of Contents 
 Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could prove to be inaccurate. Our stockholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances, or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, the risks described under Risk Factors, the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will be achieved. OVERVIEW General AIREIT is a Maryland corporation formed on August 12, 2014 to make investments in income-producing real estate assets consisting primarily of high-quality distribution warehouses and other industrial properties that are leased to creditworthy corporate customers. We currently operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and elected to be treated as a REIT beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017. We utilize an UPREIT organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership. We intend to offer shares of our common stock on a continuous basis, subject to continued compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable state laws. On August 4, 2021, the SEC declared our registration statement effective with respect to our third public offering of up to 5.0 billion of shares of our common stock in any combination of Class T shares, Class D shares and Class I shares (which have since been renamed as Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, and Class I-R shares, respectively), and the third public offering commenced the same day. We closed the offering of primary shares to new investors pursuant to our third public offering on July 2, 2024, but we are continuing to offer shares in our third public offering to existing investors pursuant to our DRIP. On August 2, 2024, we initiated the Private Offering. Pursuant to our securities offerings, we have offered shares of our common stock at the transaction price, plus applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The transaction price generally is equal to the NAV per share of our common stock most recently disclosed. Our NAV per share is calculated as of the last calendar day of each month for each of our outstanding classes of common stock, and is available generally within 15 calendar days after the end of the applicable month. Shares issued pursuant to our DRIP are offered at the transaction price, as indicated above, in effect on the distribution date. We may update a previously disclosed transaction price in cases where we believe there has been a material change (positive or negative) to our NAV per share relative to the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share. See Net Asset Value below for further detail. Additionally, we have a program to raise capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests. These private placement offerings are exempt from registration requirements pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. We anticipate that these interests may serve as replacement properties for investors seeking to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 Section 1031 Exchanges of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The DST Program has provided the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital raise strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive and unique investment product for investors that may be seeking replacement properties to complete Section 1031 Exchanges. We also offer DST Program Loans to finance no more than 50 of the purchase price of the DST Interests to certain purchasers of the DST Interests. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 142.7 million of gross interests related to the DST Program, 11.1 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail regarding the DST Program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised gross proceeds of approximately 118.7 million from the sale of approximately 9.2 million shares of our common stock, including shares issued pursuant to our DRIP. See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning our securities offerings. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, we directly owned and managed a real estate portfolio that included 248 industrial buildings totaling approximately 53.8 million square feet located in 30 markets throughout the U.S., with 417 customers, and was 93.7 occupied (95.6 leased) with a weighted-average remaining lease term (based on square feet) of approximately 3.9 years. The occupied rate reflects the square footage with a paying customer in place. The leased rate includes the occupied square footage and additional square footage with leases in place that have not yet commenced. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we transacted approximately 1.9 million square feet of new and renewal leases, and rent growth on comparable leases averaged 35.5 , calculated using cash basis rental rates (47.3 when calculated using GAAP basis rental rates). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we transacted approximately 5.9 million square feet of new and renewal leases, and rent growth on comparable leases averaged 64.4 , calculated using cash basis rental rates (83.9 when calculated using GAAP basis rental rates). Industrial market fundamentals remain favorable and we continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities within the industrial market to effectively execute our business strategy. As of September 30, 2024, our real estate portfolio included: 247 industrial buildings totaling approximately 53.6 million square feet comprised our operating portfolio, which includes stabilized properties, and was 94.1 occupied (95.9 leased) with a weighted-average remaining lease term (based on square feet) of approximately 3.9 years; and One industrial building totaling approximately 0.2 million square feet comprised our value-add portfolio, which includes buildings acquired with the intention to reposition or redevelop, or buildings recently completed which have not yet reached stabilization. We generally consider a building to be stabilized on the earlier to occur of the first anniversary of a building s shell completion or a building achieving 90 occupancy. 
 Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, we owned and managed two industrial buildings either under construction or in the pre-construction phase totaling approximately 0.2 million square feet. Unless otherwise noted, these buildings are excluded from the presentation of our portfolio data herein. As of September 30, 2024, we owned and managed two industrial buildings totaling approximately 0.8 million square feet and three buildings that were either under construction or in the pre-construction phase totaling approximately 1.0 million square feet, through our 8.0 minority ownership interest in our joint venture partnership. Unless otherwise noted, these buildings are excluded from the presentation of our portfolio data herein. As of September 30, 2024, we had debt security investments designated as available-for-sale debt securities with a fair value of 148.6 million and a cumulative unrealized gain of 1.0 million from the acquisition dates. The weighted-average remaining term of our debt securities, which is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instruments, was approximately 3.7 years as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had six debt-related investments comprised of floating-rate senior loans with an aggregate commitment of up to 501.0 million, with a weighted-average remaining term of 2.2 years and a weighted-average interest rate of 8.82 , calculated based on Term SOFR plus a weighted-average margin of 4.04 . As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal amount and fair value were both 359.2 million. We have used, and intend to continue to use, the net proceeds from our offerings primarily to make investments in real estate assets. We may use the net proceeds from our offerings to make other real estate-related investments and debt investments and to pay distributions. The number and type of properties we may acquire and debt and other investments we may make will depend upon real estate market conditions, the amount of proceeds we raise in our offerings, and other circumstances existing at the time we make our investments. Our primary investment objectives include the following: preserving and protecting our stockholders capital contributions; providing current income to our stockholders in the form of regular distributions; and realizing capital appreciation in our NAV from active investment management and asset management. 
 There is no assurance that we will attain our investment objectives. Our charter places numerous limitations on us with respect to the manner in which we may invest our funds. In most cases these limitations cannot be changed unless our charter is amended, which may require the approval of our stockholders. We may acquire assets free and clear of mortgage or other indebtedness by paying the entire purchase price in cash or equity securities, or a combination thereof, and we may selectively encumber all or only certain assets with debt. The proceeds from our borrowings may be used to fund investments, make capital expenditures, pay distributions, and for general corporate purposes. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 We expect to manage our corporate financing strategy under the current mortgage lending and corporate financing environment by considering various lending sources, which may include long-term fixed-rate mortgage loans, floating-rate mortgage notes, unsecured or secured lines of credit or term loans, private placement or public bond issuances, and the assumption of existing loans in connection with certain property acquisitions, or any combination of the foregoing. Net Asset Value Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation procedures, as amended from time to time, that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV. With the approval of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, we have engaged Altus Group U.S. Inc., a third-party valuation firm, to serve as our independent valuation advisor Altus Group or the Independent Valuation Advisor with respect to helping us administer the valuation and review process for the real properties in our portfolio, providing monthly real property appraisals and valuations for certain of our debt-related assets, reviewing annual third-party real property appraisals, reviewing the internal valuations of DST Program Loans and debt-related liabilities performed by our Advisor, providing quarterly valuations of our properties subject to master lease obligations associated with the DST Program, and assisting in the development and review of our valuation procedures. See Exhibit 4.4 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more detailed description of our valuation procedures , including important disclosure regarding real property valuations provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor. Our valuation procedures, which address specifically each category of our assets and liabilities and are applied separately from the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, involve adjustments from historical cost. There are certain factors which cause NAV to be different from total equity or stockholders equity on a GAAP basis. Most significantly, the valuation of our real assets, which is the largest component of our NAV calculation, is provided to us by the Independent Valuation Advisor. For GAAP purposes, these assets are generally recorded at depreciated or amortized cost. Another example that will cause our NAV to differ from our GAAP total equity or stockholders equity is the straight-lining of rent, which results in a receivable for GAAP purposes that is not included in the determination of our NAV. The fair values of our assets and certain liabilities are determined using widely accepted methodologies and, as appropriate, the GAAP principles within the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification under Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures and are used by ALPS in calculating our NAV per share. However, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to GAAP and will not be subject to independent audit. We did not develop our valuation procedures with the intention of complying with fair value concepts under GAAP and, therefore, there could be differences between our fair values and the fair values derived from the principal market or most advantageous market concepts of establishing fair value under GAAP. The aggregate real property valuation of 8.52 billion compares to a GAAP basis of real properties (net of intangible lease liabilities and before accumulated amortization and depreciation) of 7.39 billion, representing a difference of approximately 1.13 billion, or 15.3 . As used below, Fund Interests means our outstanding shares of common stock, along with OP Units, which may be or were held directly or indirectly by the Advisor, BCI IV Advisors Group LLC (the Former Sponsor ), members or affiliates of the Former Sponsor, and third parties, and Aggregate Fund NAV means the NAV of all the Fund Interests. The following table sets forth the components of Aggregate Fund NAV as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments in industrial properties 8,517,400 8,632,800 Investment in unconsolidated joint venture partnership 17,760 19,277 Investments in real estate debt and securities 507,856 184,755 DST Program Loans 125,215 199,154 Cash and cash equivalents 29,023 14,322 Restricted cash 3,105 620 Other assets 95,669 75,208 Line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes (3,955,934) (3,442,540) Secured financings on investments in real estate-related securities (106,033) (42,298) Financing obligations associated with our DST Program (1,062,522) (1,569,545) Other liabilities (132,625) (144,286) Accrued performance participation allocation Accrued fixed component of advisory fee (5,416) (5,813) Aggregate Fund NAV 4,033,498 3,921,654 Total Fund Interests outstanding 319,527 296,513 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the NAV per Fund Interest as of September 30, 2024: 

(in thousands, except per Fund Interest data) Total Class T-R Shares Class D-R Shares Class I-R Shares (1) Class S-PR Shares Class D-PR Shares Class I-PR Shares OP Units Monthly NAV 4,033,498 1,283,269 240,457 1,869,274 2,533 2,624 635,341 Fund Interests outstanding 319,527 101,658 19,049 148,081 200 208 50,331 NAV Per Fund Interest 12.6234 12.6234 12.6234 12.6234 12.6234 12.6234 12.6234 

 (1) Total Class I-R Fund Interests outstanding include vested stock grants only for NAV calculation purposes. Under GAAP, we record liabilities for ongoing distribution fees that (i) we currently owe the Dealer Manager under the terms of the dealer manager agreement and (ii) we estimate we may pay to the Dealer Manager in future periods for the Fund Interests. As of September 30, 2024, we estimated approximately 91.5 million of ongoing distribution fees were potentially payable to the Dealer Manager. We do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees in our calculation of NAV since we intend for our NAV to reflect our estimated value on the date that we determine our NAV. Accordingly, our estimated NAV at any given time does not include consideration of any estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after such date. Financing obligations associated with our DST Program, as reflected in our NAV table above, represent outstanding proceeds raised from our private placements under the DST Program due to the fact that we have an option (which may or may not be exercised) to purchase the interests in the DSTs and thereby acquire the real property owned by the trusts. We may acquire these properties using OP Units, cash, or a combination of both. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding our DST Program. We may use proceeds raised from our DST Program for the repayment of debt, acquisition of properties and other investments, distributions to our stockholders, payments under our debt obligations and master lease agreements related to properties in our DST Program, redemption payments, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. We pay our Advisor an annual, fixed component of our advisory fee of 1.25 of the consideration received for selling interests in DST Properties to third-party investors, net of upfront fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross proceeds from the sale of such interests and DST Interests financed through DST Program Loans. We include no discounts to our NAV for the illiquid nature of our shares, including the limitations on our stockholders ability to redeem shares under our share redemption program and our ability to make exceptions to, modify or suspend our share redemption program at any time. Our NAV generally does not reflect the potential impact of exit costs (e.g. selling costs and commissions related to the sale of a property) that would likely be incurred if our assets and liabilities were liquidated or sold today. While we may use market pricing concepts to value individual components of our NAV, our per share NAV is not derived from the market pricing information of open-end real estate funds listed on stock exchanges. Our NAV is not a representation, warranty or guarantee that: (i) we would fully realize our NAV upon a sale of our assets; (ii) shares of our common stock would trade at our per share NAV on a national securities exchange; and (iii) a stockholder would be able to realize the per share NAV if such stockholder attempted to sell his or her shares to a third party. The valuations of our real properties as of September 30, 2024, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost, which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties, were provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor in accordance with our valuation procedures. Certain key assumptions that were used by the Independent Valuation Advisor in the discounted cash flow analysis are set forth in the following table: 

Weighted-Average Basis Exit capitalization rate 5.8 Discount rate / internal rate of return 7.4 Average holding period (years) 10.1 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 A change in the exit capitalization and discount rates used would impact the calculation of the value of our real property. For example, assuming all other factors remain constant, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on the value of our real properties, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties: 

Increase (Decrease) to the Input Hypothetical Change Fair Value of Real Properties Exit capitalization rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 3.0 0.25 increase (2.7) Discount rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 2.0 0.25 increase (2.0) Prior to January 31, 2020, we valued our debt-related investments and real estate-related liabilities generally in accordance with fair value standards under GAAP. Beginning with our valuation for February 29, 2020, our property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities, and other secured and unsecured debt that are intended to be held to maturity (which for fixed rate debt not subject to interest rate hedges may be the date near maturity at which time the debt will be eligible for prepayment at par for purposes herein), including those subject to interest rate hedges, were valued at par (i.e. at their respective outstanding balances). In addition, because we utilize interest rate hedges to stabilize interest payments (i.e. to fix all-in interest rates through interest rate swaps or to limit interest rate exposure through interest rate caps) on individual loans, each loan and associated interest rate hedge is treated as one financial instrument which is valued at par if intended to be held to maturity. This policy of valuing at par applies regardless of whether any given interest rate hedge is considered as an asset or liability for GAAP purposes. Notwithstanding, if we acquire an investment and assume associated in-place debt from the seller that is above- or below-market, then consistent with how we recognize assumed debt for GAAP purposes when acquiring an asset with pre-existing debt in place, the liabilities used in the determination of our NAV will include the market value of such debt based on market value as of the closing date. The associated premium or discount on such debt as of closing that is reflected in our liabilities will then be amortized through loan maturity. Per our valuation policy, the corresponding investment is valued on an unlevered basis for purposes of determining NAV. Accordingly, all else equal, we would not recognize an immediate gain or loss to our NAV upon acquisition of an investment whereby we assume associated pre-existing debt that is above or below market. As of September 30, 2024, we classified all of our debt as intended to be held to maturity, and our liabilities included mark-to-market adjustments for pre-existing debt that we assumed upon acquisition. We currently estimate the fair value of our debt (inclusive of associated interest rate hedges) that was intended to be held to maturity as of September 30, 2024 was 84.9 million lower than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (as described above) for such debt in aggregate; meaning that if we used the fair value of our debt rather than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (and treated the associated hedge as part of the same financial instrument), our NAV would have been higher by approximately 84.9 million, or 0.27 per share, not taking into account all of the other items that impact our monthly NAV, as of September 30, 2024. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity and Noncontrolling Interests to NAV The following table reconciles stockholders equity and noncontrolling interests per our condensed consolidated balance sheet to our NAV as of September 30, 2024: 

(in thousands) As of September 30, 2024 Total stockholders' equity 1,567,913 Noncontrolling interests 245,232 Total equity under GAAP 1,813,145 Adjustments: Accrued distribution fee (1) 90,267 Redeemable noncontrolling interests (2) 105,968 Unrealized net appreciation (depreciation) on real estate and financial assets and liabilities (3) 1,214,632 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnership (4) (5,328) Accumulated depreciation and amortization (5) 877,866 Other adjustments (6) (63,052) Aggregate Fund NAV 4,033,498 

 (1) Accrued distribution fee represents the accrual for the full cost of the distribution fee for Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the distribution fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum distribution fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold the Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. Similarly, we accrued a liability for future distribution fees we expect will be paid based on our estimate of how long the Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units will be outstanding, also as an offering cost. For purposes of calculating the NAV, we recognize the distribution fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis when such fee is paid and do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after the date as of which our NAV is calculated. (2) Redeemable noncontrolling interests are related to our OP Units, and are included in our determination of NAV but not included in total equity under GAAP. (3) Our investments in real estate and certain of our financial assets and liabilities, including our debt, certain of our financing obligations, and certain of our DST Program Loans, are presented at their carrying value in our condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our investments in real estate and certain of our financial assets and liabilities are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate, investments in real estate debt and securities, financing obligations, and DST Program Loans are recorded at fair value. Notwithstanding, our property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities and other secured and unsecured debt that are intended to be held to maturity are valued at par (i.e., at their respective outstanding balances). (4) Our investment in our unconsolidated joint venture partnership is presented using the equity method of accounting in our condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, certain increases or decreases in the fair market value of the underlying investments or debt instruments associated with the investment in our unconsolidated joint venture partnership are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, the investments in the underlying real estate and certain of the underlying debt instruments are recorded at fair value and reflected in our NAV at our proportional ownership interest. (5) We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. (6) Includes (i) straight-line rent receivables, which are recorded in accordance with GAAP but not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV, (ii) certain interest rate hedges, which are recorded at fair value in accordance with GAAP but are not included for purposes of determining our NAV if intended to be held to maturity, and (iii) other minor adjustments. 
 Performance Our NAV decreased from 13.23 per share as of December 31, 2023 to 12.62 per share as of September 30, 2024. The decrease in NAV was primarily driven by the expansion of capital markets assumptions and the impact of interest rate increases. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 As noted above, effective February 29, 2020, our board of directors approved amendments to our valuation procedures which revised the way we value property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities, other secured and unsecured debt and associated interest rate hedges when loans, including associated interest rate hedges, are intended to be held to maturity, effectively eliminating all mark-to-market adjustments for such loans and hedges from the calculation of our NAV. The following table summarizes the impact of interest rate movements on our returns assuming we continued to include the mark-to-market adjustments for all borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments beginning with the February 29, 2020 NAV: 

One-Year Trailing (Trailing Three-Year Five-Year Since Inception (as of September 30, 2024) Three-Months (1) Year-to-Date (1) 12-Months) (1) Annualized (1) Annualized (1) Annualized (1)(2)(3) Class T-R Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (3) (3.40) (6.14) (8.73) 4.92 7.66 6.88 Adjusted Class T-R Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (5.56) (7.96) (11.77) 5.07 7.71 6.91 Difference 2.16 1.82 3.04 (0.15) (0.05) (0.03) Class T-R Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (3) 1.15 (1.72) (4.43) 6.54 8.66 7.60 Adjusted Class T-R Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (1.10) (3.62) (7.61) 6.69 8.70 7.63 Difference 2.25 1.90 3.18 (0.15) (0.04) (0.03) Class D-R Share Total Return (3) 1.30 (1.30) (3.88) 7.13 9.21 8.45 Adjusted Class D-R Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.96) (3.21) (7.09) 7.28 9.25 8.49 Difference 2.26 1.91 3.21 (0.15) (0.04) (0.04) Class I-R Share Total Return (3) 1.36 (1.13) (3.66) 7.41 9.59 8.56 Adjusted Class I-R Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.91) (3.04) (6.87) 7.56 9.64 8.59 Difference 2.27 1.91 3.21 (0.15) (0.05) (0.03) 

 35 

Table of Contents 

One-Year Trailing (Trailing Three-Year Five-Year Since Inception (as of September 30, 2024) Three-Months (1) Year-to-Date (1) 12-Months) (1) Annualized (1) Annualized (1) Annualized (1)(2)(3) Class S-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a (4.10) Adjusted Class S-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a (4.51) Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.41 Class S-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.42 Adjusted Class S-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a (0.01) Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.43 Class D-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Adjusted Class D-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Class D-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Adjusted Class D-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Class I-PR Share Total Return (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.49 Adjusted Class I-PR Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.06 Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.43 

 (1) Performance is measured by total return, which includes income and appreciation (i.e., distributions and changes in NAV) and reinvestment of all distributions Total Return for the respective time period. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Performance data quoted above is historical. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. Actual individual stockholder returns will vary. The returns have been prepared using unaudited data and valuations of the underlying investments in our portfolio, which are estimates of fair value and form the basis for our NAV. Valuations based upon unaudited or estimated reports from the underlying investments may be subject to later adjustments or revisions, may not correspond to realized value and may not accurately reflect the price at which assets could be liquidated on any given day. (2) The inception date for Class I-R shares and Class T-R shares (formerly designated as Class I shares and Class T shares, respectively) was November 1, 2017, which is when Class I-R and Class T-R shares of our common stock were first issued to third-party investors. The inception date for Class D-R shares (formerly designated as Class D shares) was July 2, 2018, which is when Class D-R shares of our common stock were first issued to third-party investors. The inception date for Class I-PR shares and Class S-PR shares was September 3, 2024, which is when Class I-PR shares and Class S-PR shares of our common stock were first issued to third-party investors. Since inception Total Return for Class I-PR shares and Class S-PR shares as presented are cumulative, as the period since each class s inception date is less than one year. As of September 30, 2024, no Class D-PR shares have been issued. (3) The Total Returns presented are based on the actual NAVs at which stockholders transacted, calculated pursuant to our valuation procedures. With respect to the Class T-R Share Total Return (with Sales Charge) , Class S-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge), and Class D-PR Share Total Return (with Sales Charge), the Total Returns are calculated assuming the stockholder also paid the maximum upfront selling commission, dealer manager fee and ongoing distribution fees in effect during the time period indicated. With respect to Class T-R Share Total Return (without Sales Charge) , Class S-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge), and Class D-PR Share Total Return (without Sales Charge), the Total Returns are calculated assuming the stockholder did not pay any upfront selling commission or dealer manager fee, but did pay the maximum ongoing distribution fees in effect during the time period indicated. From NAV inception to January 31, 2020, these NAVs reflected mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related debt instruments and our borrowing-related interest rate hedge positions. (4) The Adjusted Total Returns presented are based on adjusted NAVs calculated as if we had continued to mark our borrowing-related hedge and debt instruments to market following a policy change to largely exclude borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt marks to market from our NAV calculations (except in certain circumstances pursuant to our valuation procedures), 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 beginning with our NAV calculated as of February 29, 2020. Therefore, the NAVs used in the calculation of Adjusted Total Returns were calculated in the same manner as the NAVs used in the calculation of the unadjusted total return for periods through January 31, 2020. The Adjusted Total Returns include the incremental impact of the adjusted NAVs on advisory fees and performance fees; however, they do not include the incremental impact that the adjusted NAVs would have had on any expense support from our Advisor, or the prices at which shares were purchased in our securities offerings or pursuant to our share redemption program. For calculation purposes, transactions in our common stock were assumed to occur at the adjusted NAVs. 
 Trends Affecting Our Business Our results of operations are affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in both the U.S. and global financial markets and the economic and political environments. The U.S. macroeconomic environment continues to be steady, underpinned by GDP growth of 3 in the second quarter of 2024, while exhibiting moderating inflation, cooling growth in the labor market and year-over-year increases in the unemployment rate. With easing inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve has shifted its monetary policies in support of its goal to maximize employment and lowered the federal funds rate by 50 basis points in September 2024 and by an additional 25 basis points in November 2024. The publicly traded equity and credit markets delivered positive returns for most asset classes in the third quarter of 2024, as expectation of lower future market rates and overall stability in the economy supported healthy investor demand and generally reduced risk premiums in the quarter, especially for liquid commercial real estate transactions. While lower market rates and increased capital markets liquidity supports commercial real estate property transactions and values, regulated lending institutions are adjusting their business models to increase capital requirements for direct loans to real estate and thus continue to be constrained in providing capital for commercial real estate properties. Although the Federal Reserve has signaled further decreases in interest rates in 2024 and 2025, there is no certainty that there will be a decrease in interest rates or the magnitude or pace of potential decreases or even if such decreases will occur, especially if inflation accelerates. Offsetting some of these challenges is the significant decline in new industrial real estate development that unfolded throughout 2023 and has continued into 2024. Ultimately, this lack of new future inventory may result in a shortage of contemporary, in demand properties in the years to come. Alongside this trend there is a significant amount of unspent capital targeting commercial real estate properties that could support values and elevate transaction activities. Property valuations and capitalization rates are continuing to show signs of stabilization and we believe certain of these market trends will be offset by continued strong operating fundamentals of industrial real estate, such as positive rent growth and low vacancy rates. We believe our portfolio is well-positioned in this market environment. However, there is no guarantee that our outlook will remain positive for the long-term, especially if leasing fundamentals weaken in the future. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Summary of 2024 Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the following activities: Our NAV decreased to 12.62 per share as of September 30, 2024 from 13.23 per share as of December 31, 2023. See Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis Performance above for additional information regarding this decrease. We raised 118.7 million of gross equity capital from our securities offerings. Additionally, we raised 142.7 million of gross capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests, 11.1 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. We redeemed 28.3 million shares for an aggregate dollar amount of 362.1 million. We leased approximately 5.9 million square feet, which included 2.8 million square feet of new and future leases and 3.1 million square feet of renewals through 49 separate transactions with an average annual base rent of 7.61 per square foot, representing rent growth of 64.4 on comparable leases, calculated using cash basis rental rates (83.9 when calculated on a GAAP basis). We originated four debt-related investments consisting of floating-rate senior loans with an aggregate commitment of up to 326.3 million, with a weighted-average remaining term of 3.0 years at the date of origination and interest rates calculated based on Term SOFR plus a weighted-average margin of 4.38 . We acquired debt security investments with an aggregate face amount of 94.7 million with a weighted-average remaining term (based on the fully extended maturity date of the instruments) of 5.0 years at the date of acquisition. We acquired four industrial buildings comprised of approximately 1.5 million square feet for an aggregate purchase price of 148.9 million. We issued 42.1 million OP Units in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of 540.9 million. We disposed of 12 industrial buildings comprised of approximately 1.7 million square feet for net proceeds of approximately 238.7 million and recorded a net gain on sale of 56.9 million related to the sale of these buildings. 
 Portfolio Information As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our owned and managed portfolio was as follows: 

As of (square feet in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Portfolio data: Total buildings 248 256 Total rentable square feet 53,827 54,028 Total number of customers 417 429 Percent occupied of operating portfolio (1) 94.1 97.3 Percent occupied of total portfolio (1) 93.7 93.5 Percent leased of operating portfolio (1) 95.9 97.7 Percent leased of total portfolio (1) 95.6 93.9 

 (1) See Overview General above for a description of our operating portfolio and our total portfolio (which includes our operating and value-add portfolios) and for a description of the occupied and leased rates. 

38 

Table of Contents 
 Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Prior Periods The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues: Rental revenues 121,589 122,077 (488) (0.4) 363,930 341,605 22,325 6.5 Debt-related income 11,363 7,709 3,654 47.4 24,206 6,162 18,044 NM Total revenues 132,952 129,786 3,166 2.4 388,136 347,767 40,369 11.6 Operating expenses: Rental expenses 30,658 31,139 (481) (1.5) 91,640 83,960 7,680 9.1 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 73,289 72,216 1,073 1.5 217,735 217,186 549 0.3 General and administrative expenses 4,192 4,749 (557) (11.7) 13,416 11,571 1,845 15.9 Advisory fees 16,265 16,495 (230) (1.4) 49,767 56,436 (6,669) (11.8) Acquisition costs and reimbursements 980 642 338 52.6 2,176 9,485 (7,309) (77.1) Total operating expenses 125,384 125,241 143 0.1 374,734 378,638 (3,904) (1.0) Other income (expenses): Equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnership 2,520 18 2,502 NM 2,545 (174) 2,719 NM Interest expense (69,080) (63,448) (5,632) (8.9) (188,229) (141,603) (46,626) (32.9) Unrealized (loss) gain on financing obligations (853) 95 (948) NM 1,247 1,247 100.0 Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans 209 (245) 454 NM (36) (36) (100.0) Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations 12,750 12,750 100.0 12,750 12,750 100.0 Loss (gain) on derivative instruments (608) 677 (1,285) NM 2,388 7,483 (5,095) (68.1) Net gain on sale of real estate property 13,394 6,187 7,207 NM 56,923 56,923 100.0 Other income and (expenses) 2,048 2,227 (179) (8.0) 6,846 7,245 (399) (5.5) Total other income (expenses) (39,620) (54,489) 14,869 27.3 (105,566) (127,049) 21,483 16.9 Net loss (32,052) (49,944) 17,892 35.8 (92,164) (157,920) 65,756 41.6 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 826 1,304 (478) (36.7) 2,412 4,187 (1,775) (42.4) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 4,163 5,270 (1,107) (21.0) 9,641 (28) 9,669 NM Net loss attributable to common stockholders (27,063) (43,370) 16,307 37.6 (80,111) (153,761) 73,650 47.9 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 270,867 277,521 (6,654) (2.4) 278,099 307,886 (29,787) (9.7) Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 320,913 319,660 1,253 0.4 313,803 316,344 (2,541) (0.8) Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted (0.10) (0.16) 0.06 37.5 (0.29) (0.50) 0.21 42.0 

 NM = Not meaningful Total Revenues. In aggregate, total revenues increased by approximately 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter, and by approximately 40.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, driven by increases in rental revenues and debt-related income. Rental Revenues. Rental revenues are comprised of rental income, straight-line rent, and amortization of above- and below-market lease assets and liabilities. Total rental revenues remained consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter. Rental revenues increased by 22.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the increase in non-same store revenues resulting from the growth in our portfolio, as well as rent growth associated with comparable leases of the same store portfolio, partially offset by the disposal of twelve buildings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as well as decreases in average occupancy driven by the acquisition of value-add properties and development completions since September 30, 2023. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store revenues. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Rental Expenses . Rental expenses include certain property operating expenses typically reimbursed by our customers, such as real estate taxes, property insurance, property management fees, repair and maintenance, and utilities. Substantially all of our industrial properties are subject to leases on a triple net basis in which customers pay their proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance, and certain other operating costs. Total rental expenses decreased by 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter. Total rental expenses increased by 7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, due to the increase in non-same store expenses resulting from the acquisition and development completion activity since January 1, 2023, as well as the increase in recoverable property and franchise taxes related to the same store portfolio. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store expenses. Debt-Related Income. Debt-related income is comprised of interest income and amortization related to our debt-related investments and debt securities. Total debt-related income increased by 3.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter, and 18.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the additions of debt-related securities and debt-related investments to our portfolio during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Real Estate-Related Depreciation and Amortization. In aggregate, real estate-related depreciation and amortization expense increased by 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to the stabilization of four buildings during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Real estate-related depreciation and amortization expense remained consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. Other Remaining Operating Expenses. In aggregate, the remaining operating expenses remained consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter. In aggregate, the remaining operating expenses decreased by 12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the following: a 7.3 million decrease in acquisition costs and reimbursements due to a deposit in the amount of 7.7 million that was forfeited in the first quarter of 2023 when the associated real estate acquisition did not close; and a 6.7 million decrease in the fixed component of the advisory fee due to the change in value of our properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period of the previous year. 
 Other Income and Expenses. In aggregate, t he remaining items that comprise our net income (loss) had a 14.9 million impact on our net income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to the following: a 12.8 million gain on the extinguishment of financing obligations when we exercised a purchase option for certain properties in our DST Program; a 7.2 million increase in net gain on sale of real estate properties during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior quarter related to the sale of two industrial properties during the three months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in a net gain of 13.4 million; and an increase in equity in income (loss) from our unconsolidated joint venture partnership for the three months ended September 30, 2024, related to 2.5 million of incentive fee income associated with the incentive fee earned from our unconsolidated joint venture partnership. 
 Partially offset by: an increase in interest expense of 5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to (i) an increase in interest expense related to the timing of principal borrowings on the floating-rate mortgage note originated during the three months ended June 30, 2024 and (ii) an increase in consolidated indebtedness interest expense related to increased borrowing activity and interest rates on our line of credit, partially offset by a decrease in master lease interest expense due to the extinguishment of financing obligations during the period; and a 1.3 million decrease in gain on derivative instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the previous quarter, primarily related to the change in fair value of our interest rate caps not designated as cash flow hedges due to the market expectation of future interest rate changes. 

40 

Table of Contents 
 In aggregate, the remaining items that comprise our net income (loss) had a 21.5 million impact on our net income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the following: a 56.9 million net gain on sale of real estate properties related to the disposition of 12 industrial properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while there were no dispositions in the same period of the previous year; the 12.8 million gain on the extinguishment of financing obligations described above; and a 2.7 million increase in equity in income (loss) from our unconsolidated joint venture partnership related to the 2.5 million in incentive fee income described above. 
 Partially offset by: an increase in interest expense of 46.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of the previous year, primarily due to a 45.5 million increase in the consolidated indebtedness interest expense related to the addition of three new mortgage notes and increased average borrowing activity on our line of credit during the period; and a 5.1 million decrease in gain on derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period of the previous year, primarily related to the change in fair value of our interest rate caps not designated as cash flow hedges due to the market expectation of future interest rate changes. 
 Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations Property net operating income NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP measure of our property operating results. We define property NOI as rental revenues less operating expenses. While we believe our net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall performance, we consider property NOI to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure. We believe property NOI provides useful information to our investors regarding our results of operations because property NOI reflects the operating performance of our properties and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of properties, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses, advisory fees, impairment charges, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, gains on sale of properties, other income and expense and noncontrolling interests. However, property NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items, which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our property NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies as they may use different methodologies for calculating property NOI, therefore our investors should consider net income (loss) as the primary indicator of our overall financial performance. We evaluate the performance of consolidated operating properties we own and manage using a same store analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of any material changes in the composition of the aggregate portfolio on performance measures. We have defined the same store portfolio to include consolidated operating properties owned for the entirety of both the current and prior reporting periods for which the operations had been stabilized. Unconsolidated properties are excluded from the same store portfolio because we account for our interest in our joint venture partnership using the equity method of accounting; therefore, our proportionate share of income and loss is recognized in income (loss) of our unconsolidated joint venture partnership on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Other properties includes buildings not meeting the same store criteria. Our same store analysis may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than current GAAP methodology. The same store operating portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 presented below included 237 buildings totaling approximately 50.2 million square feet owned as of January 1, 2024, which represented 93.3 of total rentable square feet, 96.8 of total rental revenues, and 97.1 of net operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The same store operating portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 presented below included 228 buildings totaling approximately 47.9 million square feet owned as of January 1, 2023, which represented 89.1 of total rentable square feet, 91.0 of total rental revenues, and 91.4 of net operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 The following table reconciles GAAP net income (loss) to same store portfolio property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net loss attributable to common stockholders (27,063) (43,370) 16,307 37.6 (80,111) (153,761) 73,650 47.9 Debt-related income (11,363) (7,709) (3,654) (47.4) (24,206) (6,162) (18,044) NM Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 73,289 72,216 1,073 1.5 217,735 217,186 549 0.3 General and administrative expenses 4,192 4,749 (557) (11.7) 13,416 11,571 1,845 15.9 Advisory fees 16,265 16,495 (230) (1.4) 49,767 56,436 (6,669) (11.8) Acquisition costs and reimbursements 980 642 338 52.6 2,176 9,485 (7,309) (77.1) Equity in (income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture partnership (2,520) (18) (2,502) NM (2,545) 174 (2,719) NM Interest expense 69,080 63,448 5,632 8.9 188,229 141,603 46,626 32.9 Unrealized loss (gain) on financing obligations 853 (95) 948 NM (1,247) (1,247) (100.0) Unrealized (gain) loss on DST Program Loans (209) 245 (454) NM 36 36 100.0 Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations (12,750) (12,750) (100.0) (12,750) (12,750) (100.0) Loss (gain) on derivative instruments 608 (677) 1,285 NM (2,388) (7,483) 5,095 68.1 Net gain on sale of real estate property (13,394) (6,187) (7,207) NM (56,923) (56,923) (100.0) Other income and expenses (2,048) (2,227) 179 8.0 (6,846) (7,245) 399 5.5 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (826) (1,304) 478 36.7 (2,412) (4,187) 1,775 42.4 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (4,163) (5,270) 1,107 21.0 (9,641) 28 (9,669) NM Net operating income 90,931 90,938 (7) (0.0) 272,290 257,645 14,645 5.7 Less: Non-same store property NOI 2,632 2,337 295 12.6 23,340 13,226 10,114 76.5 Same store property NOI 88,299 88,601 (302) (0.3) 248,950 244,419 4,531 1.9 

 NM = Not meaningful The following table includes a breakout of our results for our same store portfolio for rental revenues, rental expenses and property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Rental revenues: Same store operating properties 117,710 118,736 (1,026) (0.9) 331,243 322,778 8,465 2.6 Other properties 3,879 3,341 538 16.1 32,687 18,827 13,860 73.6 Total rental revenues 121,589 122,077 (488) (0.4) 363,930 341,605 22,325 6.5 Rental expenses: Same store operating properties (29,411) (30,135) 724 2.4 (82,293) (78,359) (3,934) (5.0) Other properties (1,247) (1,004) (243) (24.2) (9,347) (5,601) (3,746) (66.9) Total rental expenses (30,658) (31,139) 481 1.5 (91,640) (83,960) (7,680) (9.1) Net operating income: Same store operating properties 88,299 88,601 (302) (0.3) 248,950 244,419 4,531 1.9 Other properties 2,632 2,337 295 12.6 23,340 13,226 10,114 76.5 Total property net operating income 90,931 90,938 (7) (0.0) 272,290 257,645 14,645 5.7 Rental Revenues. Non-same store rental revenues increased by 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter. Same store rental revenues decreased by 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to a decrease in recovery revenue and a decrease in average occupancy of same store properties. Non-same store rental revenues increased by 13.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, due to the addition of 17 industrial properties that we have acquired or developed since January 1, 2023, as well as three value-add properties that were acquired in 2022 and stabilized during 2023. Same store rental revenues increased by 8.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in rental rates of same store properties, partially offset by a small decrease to average occupancy. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 Rental Expenses . Non-same store rental expenses increased by 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter. Same store rental expenses decreased by 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to a decrease in property tax and maintenance expenses. Non-same store rental expenses increased by 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the growth of our portfolio, as described above. Same store rental expenses increased by 3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in property and franchise taxes, as well as certain repair and maintenance costs. ADDITIONAL MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE Funds From Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds From Operations AFFO We believe that FFO and AFFO, in addition to net income (loss) and cash flows from operating activities as defined by GAAP, are useful supplemental performance measures that our management uses to evaluate our consolidated operating performance. However, these supplemental, non-GAAP measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our performance and are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. No single measure can provide users of financial information with sufficient information and only our disclosures read as a whole can be relied upon to adequately portray our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, other REITs may define FFO, AFFO and similar measures differently and choose to treat certain accounting line items in a manner different from us due to specific differences in investment and operating strategy or for other reasons. FFO . As defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), FFO is a non-GAAP measure that excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization. We believe FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance that is useful to investors because depreciation and amortization in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. By excluding gains or losses on the sale of assets, we believe FFO provides a helpful additional measure of our consolidated operating performance on a comparative basis. We use FFO as an indication of our consolidated operating performance and as a guide to making decisions about future investments. AFFO. AFFO further adjusts FFO to reflect the performance of our portfolio by adjusting for items we believe are not directly attributable to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) performance-based incentive fee (income) expense, (ii) unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of financial instruments, (iii) increase (decrease) in financing obligation liability appreciation, and (iv) forfeited investment deposits, as applicable. Although some REITs may present certain performance measures differently, we believe FFO and AFFO generally facilitate a comparison to other REITs that have similar operating characteristics to us. We believe investors are best served if the information that is made available to them allows them to align their analyses and evaluation with the same performance metrics used by management in planning and executing our business strategy. Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments used to calculate AFFO. In the future, the SEC, NAREIT, or a regulatory body may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the non-traded REIT industry at which point we may adjust our calculations and characterizations of AFFO. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 The following unaudited table presents a reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to FFO and AFFO: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net loss (32,052) (41,852) (92,164) (157,920) Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 320,913 309,329 313,803 316,344 GAAP net loss per common share diluted (0.10) (0.14) (0.29) (0.50) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 73,289 72,846 217,735 217,186 Our share of adjustment above from unconsolidated joint venture partnership 68 47 215 47 Net gain on sale of real estate property (13,394) (56,923) FFO 27,911 31,041 68,863 59,313 FFO per common share diluted 0.09 0.10 0.22 0.19 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Performance-based incentive fee income (2,500) (2,500) Unrealized (gain) loss on financial instruments (1) (7,267) 3,253 (1,826) 6,123 Decrease in financing obligation liability appreciation (9,273) (6,664) (1,859) Forfeited investment deposit 7,689 AFFO 18,144 25,021 57,873 71,266 

 (1) Unrealized (gain) loss on financial instruments relates to mark-to-market changes on our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges and mark-to-market changes on our DST Program Loans and financing obligations for which we have elected the fair value option and gains or losses on extinguishment of our financing obligations. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity Our primary sources of capital for meeting our cash requirements are net proceeds from our securities offerings, including proceeds from the sale of shares offered through our DRIP, debt financings, and cash generated from operating activities. Our principal uses of funds are, and will be, for the acquisition of properties and other investments, capital expenditures, operating expenses, payments under our debt obligations, distributions to our stockholders, redemption payments and payments pursuant to the master lease agreements related to the properties in our DST Program. Over time, we intend to fund a majority of our cash needs for items other than asset acquisitions, including the repayment of debt and capital expenditures, from operating cash flows and refinancings. Our primary material cash requirements for the next 12 months relate to our indebtedness, future minimum lease payments associated with our DST Program, redemptions, and the fixed component of the advisory fee. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding line of credit, term loan and mortgage note borrowings with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 billion, with 1.3 billion becoming payable within the next 12 months, though the terms of the associated loan agreements for 209.3 million of these borrowings can be extended pursuant to one one-year extension option, subject to certain conditions, and the terms of the associated loan agreements for the remaining 1.1 billion of these borrowings can be extended pursuant to two one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. As of September 30, 2024, we had 52.3 million of future minimum lease payments related to the properties in our DST Program due in the next 12 months. As of September 30, 2024, we had 10.5 million of projected development costs to be incurred within the next 12 months. We expect to be able to pay our interest expense and rent obligations over the next 12 months and beyond through operating cash flows and/or borrowings. Additionally, given the increase in market volatility, increased interest rates and high inflation, we have experienced a decreased pace of net proceeds raised from our securities offerings, reducing our ability to purchase assets, which may similarly delay the returns generated from our investments and affect NAV. There may be a delay between the deployment of proceeds raised from our securities offerings and our purchase of assets, which could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised 118.7 million of gross equity capital from our securities offerings and redemptions of common stock amounted to 362.1 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 29.0 million and leverage of 44.6 , calculated as our total borrowings outstanding, including secured financings on investments in real estate-related securities, less cash and cash equivalents, divided by the fair value of our real property plus our investment in our unconsolidated joint venture partnership and investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program, as determined in accordance with our valuation procedures. See Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity Offering Proceeds for further information concerning capital raised thus far in 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we owned and managed a real estate portfolio that included 248 industrial buildings totaling approximately 53.8 million square feet, with a diverse roster of 417 customers, large and small, spanning a multitude of industries and sectors across 30 markets, with a strategic weighting 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 towards top tier markets where we have historically seen the lowest volatility combined with positive returns over time. Our portfolio was 93.7 occupied (95.6 leased) with a weighted-average remaining lease term (based on square feet) of 3.9 years. The Advisor, subject to the oversight of our board of directors and, under certain circumstances, the investment committee or other committees established by our board of directors, will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions and dispositions and will engage in negotiations with sellers and lenders on our behalf. Pending investment in property, debt and other investments, we may decide to temporarily invest any unused proceeds from our securities offerings in certain investments that are expected to yield lower returns than those earned on real estate assets. During these times of economic uncertainty, we have seen and could once again see a slowdown in transaction volume, which would adversely impact our ability to acquire real estate assets, which would cause us to retain more lower yielding investments and hold them for longer periods of time while we seek to acquire additional real estate assets. These lower returns may affect our NAV and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Potential future sources of capital include proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from the sale of assets, and undistributed funds from operations. We believe that our cash on-hand, anticipated net offering proceeds, and anticipated financing activities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future over the next 12 months and beyond. Cash Flows. The following table summarizes our cash flows, as determined on a GAAP basis, for the following periods: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 53,316 (8,705) 62,021 Investing activities (323,026) (395,603) 72,577 Financing activities 286,896 341,267 (54,371) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 17,186 (63,041) 80,227 Cash flows from operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by approximately 62.0 million as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily as a result of (i) the partial cash settlement of the 2022 performance participation allocation owed in the amount of 77.8 million during the first quarter of 2023, while there was no 2023 performance participation allocation owed or settled during the first quarter of 2024; and (ii) a 16.5 million increase in our debt-related income, excluding origination fees, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of the previous year; partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 46.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily related to increased borrowings and the effect of increased interest rates on certain variable rate debt. Cash used by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by approximately 72.6 million as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to (i) the 238.7 million of net proceeds from the sale of 12 industrial properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024; and (ii) a net decrease in capital expenditure activity of 92.3 million related to decreased development activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023; partially offset by (a) a net increase in origination of debt-related investments of 123.2 million; (b) the purchase of 94.4 million of available-for-sale debt securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024; and (c) a net increase in acquisition activity of 42.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by approximately 54.4 million as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by (i) an increase in net repayments of borrowings under our line of credit of 602.0 million; (ii) a decrease in net proceeds from financing obligations associated with the DST Program of 140.0 million; and (iii) a 121.4 million net decrease in capital raised through our public offering, net of offering costs paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023; partially offset by (a) an increase in net mortgage note borrowings of 669.4 million primarily related to two new mortgage notes entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2024; and (b) a 139.2 million decrease in redemptions of shares of our common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity In addition to our cash and cash equivalents balances available, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows: Line of Credit and Term Loans. As of September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate 2.2 billion of commitments under our credit agreements, including 1.0 billion under our line of credit and 1.2 billion under our two term loans. As of that date, we had 318.0 million outstanding under our line of credit with an effective interest rate of 5.11 , which includes the effect of interest rate cap agreements. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, we had 1.2 billion outstanding under our term loans with an effective interest rate of 3.60 , which includes the effect of the interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreements. The unused portion under our line of credit was 682.0 million, of which 411.9 million was available, as of September 30, 2024. Our 1.0 billion line of credit matures in March 2025 and may be extended pursuant to two one-year extension options, subject to continuing compliance with certain financial covenants and other customary conditions. Our 550.0 million term loan matures in March 2027 and our 600.0 million term loan matures in May 2026. Our line of credit and term loan borrowings are available for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, the acquisition and operation of permitted investments by us. Refer to Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our line of credit and term loans. Mortgage Notes. As of September 30, 2024, we had property-level borrowings of approximately 2.5 billion of principal outstanding with a weighted-average remaining term of 1.9 years. These borrowings are secured by mortgages or deeds of trust and related assignments and security interests in the collateralized properties, and had a weighted-average interest rate of 4.80 . Refer to Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the mortgage notes. Debt Covenants. Our line of credit, term loan and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, the agreements governing our line of credit and term loans contain certain corporate level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio, and tangible net worth thresholds. These covenants may limit our ability to incur additional debt, to make borrowings under our line of credit, or to pay distributions. We were in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. Leverage. We use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our investment activities. We may finance a portion of the purchase price of any real estate asset that we acquired with borrowings on short or long-term basis from banks, institutional investors and other lenders. We calculate our leverage for reporting purposes as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property plus our investment in our unconsolidated joint venture partnership and investments in real estate debt and securities, as determined in accordance with our valuation procedures. We had leverage of 44.6 as of September 30, 2024. Our management expects that as we deploy capital going forward, our leverage will near approximately 50 . Due to the recent increase in interest rates and increased market volatility, the cost of financing or refinancing our purchase of assets may affect returns generated by our investments. Additionally, these factors may cause our borrowing capacity to be reduced, which could similarly delay or reduce benefits to our stockholders. Future Minimum Lease Payments Related to the DST Program. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.0 billion of future minimum lease payments related to the DST Program. The underlying interests of each property that is sold to investors pursuant to the DST Program are leased back by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership on a long-term basis of up to 29 years. Offering Proceeds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, aggregate gross proceeds raised from our securities offerings, including proceeds raised through our DRIP, were 118.7 million 114.3 million net of direct selling costs). Distributions . We intend to continue to accrue and make distributions on a regular basis. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 37.7 of our total gross distributions were paid from cash flows from operating activities, as determined on a GAAP basis, and 62.3 of our total gross distributions were funded from sources other than cash flows from operating activities, as determined on a GAAP basis; specifically, 47.0 were funded with proceeds from shares issued pursuant to our DRIP and 15.3 were funded with proceeds from financing activities. Some or all of our future distributions may be paid from sources other than cash flows from operating activities, such as cash flows from financing activities, which include borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets), proceeds from the issuance of shares pursuant to our DRIP, proceeds from sales of assets, the net proceeds from shares sold in our securities offerings and from our sale of DST Interests. We have not established a cap on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources. The amount of any distributions will be determined by our board of directors, and will depend on, among other things, current and projected cash requirements, tax considerations and other factors deemed relevant by our board. 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 For the fourth quarter of 2024, our board of directors authorized monthly distributions to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on the last business day of each month, or October 31, 2024, November 29, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (each a Distribution Record Date ). The distributions were authorized at a quarterly rate of 0.15 per share of each class of our common stock, less the respective distribution fees that are payable monthly with respect to Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. This quarterly rate is equal to a monthly rate of 0.05 per share of each class of our common stock, less the respective distribution fees that are payable with respect to Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. Distributions for each month of the fourth quarter of 2024 have been or will be paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock for those electing to participate in our DRIP following the close of business on the respective Distribution Record Date applicable to such monthly distributions. There can be no assurances that the current distribution rate or amount per share will be maintained. In the near-term, we expect that we may need to continue to rely on sources other than cash flows from operations, as determined on a GAAP basis, to pay distributions, which, if insufficient, could negatively impact our ability to pay such distributions. In certain years and certain individual quarters, total distributions were not fully funded by cash flows from operations. In such cases, the shortfalls were funded from DRIP or borrowings. The following table outlines sources used, as determined on a GAAP basis, to pay total gross distributions (which are paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock through our DRIP) for the periods indicated below: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in thousands) Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash (1)(2) 74,914 53.0 70,050 52.4 Reinvested in shares 66,370 47.0 63,560 47.6 Total 141,284 100.0 133,610 100.0 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 53,316 37.7 Borrowings 21,598 15.3 70,050 52.4 DRIP (2) 66,370 47.0 63,560 47.6 Total 141,284 100.0 133,610 100.0 

 (1) Includes other cash distributions consisting of: (i) distributions paid to noncontrolling interest holders; and (ii) ongoing distribution fees relating to Class T-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. See Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail regarding the ongoing distribution fees. (2) Stockholders may elect to have their distributions reinvested in shares of our common stock through our DRIP. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our FFO was 68.9 million and 59.3 million, respectively, compared to total gross distributions of 141.3 million and 133.6 million, respectively. FFO is a non-GAAP operating metric and should not be used as a liquidity measure. However, management believes the relationship between FFO and distributions may be meaningful for investors to better understand the sustainability of our operating performance compared to distributions made. Refer to Additional Measures of Performance above for the definition of FFO, as well as a detailed reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to FFO. Refer to Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on our distributions. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 Redemptions. Below is a summary of redemptions pursuant to our share redemption program for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. All eligible redemption requests were fulfilled for the periods presented. Eligible redemption requests are requests submitted in good order by the request submission deadline set forth in the share redemption program. Our board of directors may make exceptions to, modify or suspend our current share redemption program if it deems such action to be in the best interest of our stockholders. See Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Share Redemption Program, for detail regarding our share redemption program. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 Number of shares redeemed 28,334 33,977 Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed 362,096 501,248 Average redemption price per share 12.78 14.75 For purposes of the share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included on the last day of such month because that is the last day the stockholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are considered outstanding through the last day of the month. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS See Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding subsequent events. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. For a detailed description of our critical accounting estimates, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2024, our critical accounting estimates have not changed from those described in our 2023 Form 10-K . 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk We have and may continue to be exposed to the impact of interest rate changes. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, and optimize overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we plan to borrow on a fixed interest rate basis and utilize interest rate swap and cap agreements on certain variable interest rate debt in order to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated debt outstanding consisted of borrowings under our line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes. In addition, we plan to purchase or originate variable rate debt investments, which can offset interest rate risk associated with our variable interest rate consolidated debt. Fixed Interest Rate Debt. As of September 30, 2024, our fixed interest rate debt consisted of 300.0 million under our 550.0 million term loan and 525.0 million of borrowings under our 600.0 million term loan, which were effectively fixed through the use of interest swap agreements, and 1.2 billion of principal borrowings under five of our mortgage notes. In total, our fixed rate debt represented approximately 50.2 of our total consolidated debt as of September 30, 2024. The impact of interest rate fluctuations on our consolidated fixed interest rate debt will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows unless such borrowings mature, are otherwise terminated or payments are made on the principal balance. However, interest rate changes could affect the fair value of our fixed interest rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value and the carrying value of our consolidated fixed interest rate debt, excluding the values of hedges, were 1.9 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively. The fair value estimate of our fixed interest rate debt was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing rates we would expect to pay for debt of a similar type and remaining maturity if the loans were originated on September 30, 2024. Given we generally expect to hold our fixed interest rate debt to maturity or until such debt instruments otherwise open up for prepayment at par, and the amounts due under such debt instruments should be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest at such time, we do not expect that any resulting change in fair value of our fixed interest rate debt due to market fluctuations in interest rates would have a significant impact on our operating cash flows. Variable Interest Rate Debt. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated variable interest rate debt consisted of 318.0 million under our line of credit, 250.0 million under our 550.0 million term loan, 75.0 million under our 600.0 million term loan, and 1.3 billion under four of our mortgage notes, which represented 49.8 of our total consolidated debt. Interest rate changes on the variable portion of our consolidated variable-rate debt could impact our future earnings and cash flows, but would not significantly affect the fair value of such debt. As of September 30, 2024, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on 2.0 billion of consolidated borrowings; however, 1.8 billion of these borrowings are capped through the use of interest rate cap agreements. A hypothetical 25 basis points increase in the all-in interest rate on the outstanding balance of our consolidated variable interest rate debt as of September 30, 2024, would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 0.7 million, including the effects of our interest rate cap agreements. In addition, we have originated variable rate debt-related investments with aggregate commitments of 501.0 million and aggregate outstanding principal of 359.2 million as of September 30, 2024, which can offset the interest rate risk associated with our variable rate borrowings. Derivative Instruments. As of September 30, 2024, we had 25 outstanding derivative instruments with a total notional amount of 3.0 billion outstanding and effective. These derivative instruments were comprised of interest rate swaps and interest rate caps that were designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on our derivative instruments. We are exposed to credit risk of the counterparty to our interest rate cap and swap agreements in the event of non-performance under the terms of the agreements. If we were not able to replace these caps or swaps in the event of non-performance by the counterparty, we would be subject to variability of the interest rate on the amount outstanding under our debt that is fixed or capped through the use of the swaps or caps, respectively. Variable Interest Rate Debt Investments. In the case of a significant increase in interest rates, additional debt service payments due from our borrowers may strain the operating cash flows of the real estate assets underlying our mortgages and, potentially, contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default, which may be mitigated by borrower purchased interest rate caps. Alternatively, in the case of a significant decrease in interest rates, our debt-related investments could be adversely impacted and interest income from our debt-related investments could decrease substantially, which could reduce the effectiveness of our interest rate risk strategy, as described above. 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the six months ended June 30, 2024 (the Second Quarter 2024 10-Q ), which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and/or future results. The risks described in our 2023 Form 10-K and Second Quarter 2024 10-Q are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K and Second Quarter 2024 10-Q. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities On August 2, 2024, we commenced the Private Offering, which is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D and/or Regulation S thereunder. Each purchaser of the shares of our common stock sold in the Private Offering is required to represent that it is an "accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D or a non-U.S. person and is acquiring shares for investment purposes only and not with a view to resale or distribution. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and sold approximately 200,000 Class S-PR shares and approximately 208,000 Class I-PR shares and generated gross aggregate proceeds of 5.2 million in connection with the Private Offering. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, aggregate upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees of 0.2 million were paid in connection with the Private Offering. Share Redemption Program We expect that there will be no regular secondary trading market for shares of our common stock. While our stockholders should view their investment as long-term with limited liquidity, we have adopted a share redemption program applicable to all shares of our common stock, whereby stockholders may receive the benefit of limited liquidity by presenting for redemption to us all or any portion of those shares in accordance with the procedures and subject to certain conditions and limitations. All references herein to classes of shares of our common stock do not include the OP Units issued by our Operating Partnership, unless the context otherwise requires. While stockholders may request on a monthly basis that we redeem all or any portion of their shares pursuant to our share redemption program, we are not obligated to redeem any shares and may choose to redeem only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be redeemed in any particular month, in our discretion. In addition, our ability to fulfill redemption requests is subject to a number of limitations. As a result, share redemptions may not be available each month. Under our share redemption program, to the extent we determine to redeem shares in any particular month, we will only redeem shares as of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Redemption Date ). Shares redeemed on the Redemption Date remain outstanding on the Redemption Date and are no longer outstanding on the day following the Redemption Date. Redemptions will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Redemption Date, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be redeemed at 95 of the transaction price. The Early Redemption Deduction may be waived in certain circumstances including: (i) in the case of redemption 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 requests arising from the death or qualified disability of the holder; (ii) in the event that a stockholder s shares are redeemed because the stockholder has failed to maintain the 2,000 minimum account balance; (iii) with respect to shares purchased through our DRIP or received from us as a stock dividend; (iv) with respect to redemption requests submitted by discretionary model portfolio management programs (and similar arrangements); or (v) with respect to redemption requests submitted by feeder vehicles (or similar vehicles) primarily created to hold shares of our common stock, which are offered to non-U.S. persons, where such vehicles seek to avoid imposing such a deduction because of administrative or systems limitations. In addition, shares of our common stock acquired through the redemption of OP Units will not be subject to the Early Redemption Deduction. To have your shares redeemed, your redemption request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month. Settlements of share redemptions will be made within three business days of the Redemption Date. An investor may withdraw its redemption request by notifying the transfer agent before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable month. Under our share redemption program, we may redeem during any calendar month shares whose aggregate value (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) is 2.0 of our aggregate NAV as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter and during any calendar quarter whose aggregate value (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) is up to 5.0 of our aggregate NAV as of the last calendar day of the prior calendar quarter, subject to any carry-over capacity and net redemptions described below. Provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first month of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for that month will carry over to the second month. Also, provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first two months of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for those two months will carry over to the third month. In no event will such carry-over capacity permit the redemption of shares with aggregate value (based on the redemption price per share for the month the redemption is effected) in excess of 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter (provided that for these purposes redemptions may be measured on a net basis as described in the paragraph below). We currently measure the foregoing redemption allocations and limitations based on net redemptions during a month or quarter, as applicable. The term net redemptions means, during the applicable period, the excess of our share redemptions (capital outflows) over the proceeds from the sale of our shares (capital inflows). For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, proceeds from new subscriptions in a month are included in capital inflows on the first day of the next month because that is the first day on which such stockholders have rights in the Company. Also for purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day stockholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are outstanding through the last day of the month. Thus, for any given calendar quarter, the maximum amount of redemptions during that quarter will be equal to (1) 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter, plus (2) proceeds from sales of new shares in our securities offerings (including purchases pursuant to our DRIP) since the beginning of the current calendar quarter. The same would apply for a given month, except that redemptions in a month would be subject to the 2 limit described above (subject to potential carry-over capacity), and netting would be measured on a monthly basis. With respect to future periods, our board of directors may choose whether the allocations and limitations will be applied to gross redemptions, i.e., without netting against capital inflows, rather than to net redemptions. If redemptions for a given month or quarter are measured on a gross basis rather than on a net basis, the redemption limitations could limit the amount of shares redeemed in a given month or quarter despite our receiving a net capital inflow for that month or quarter. In order for our board of directors to change the application of the allocations and limitations from net redemptions to gross redemptions or vice versa, we will provide notice to stockholders in a memorandum supplement or special or periodic report filed by us, as well as in a press release or on our website, at least 10 days before the first business day of the quarter for which the new test will apply. The determination to measure redemptions on a gross basis, or vice versa, will only be made for an entire quarter, and not particular months within a quarter. If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no redemption requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares redeemed the following month must resubmit their redemption requests. Although the vast majority of our assets consist of properties that cannot generally be readily liquidated on short notice without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition, we intend to maintain a number of sources of liquidity including: (i) cash equivalents (e.g. money market funds), other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities and liquid real estate debt and securities; and (ii) one or more borrowing facilities. We may fund redemptions from any available source of funds, including operating cash flows, borrowings, proceeds from our securities offerings and our sale of DST Interests, and/or sales of our assets. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 Should redemption requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than redeeming our shares is in the best interests of the company as a whole, then we may choose to redeem fewer shares than have been requested to be redeemed, or none at all. In the event that we determine to redeem some but not all of the shares submitted for redemption during any month for any of the foregoing reasons, shares submitted for redemption during such month will be redeemed on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied redemption requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share redemption program, as applicable. If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no redemption requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares redeemed the following month must resubmit their redemption requests. Our board of directors may make exceptions to, modify or suspend our share redemption program if in its reasonable judgment it deems such actions to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. Although our board of directors has the discretion to suspend our share redemption program, our board of directors will not terminate our share redemption program other than in connection with a liquidity event which results in our stockholders receiving cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange or where otherwise required by law. Our board of directors may determine that it is in our best interests and the interest of our stockholders to suspend the share redemption program as a result of regulatory changes, changes in law, if our board of directors becomes aware of undisclosed material information that it believes should be publicly disclosed before shares are redeemed, a lack of available funds, a determination that redemption requests are having an adverse effect on our operations or other factors. Once the share redemption program has been suspended, our board of directors must affirmatively authorize the recommencement of the program before stockholder requests will be considered again. Following any suspension, our share redemption program requires our board of directors to consider at least quarterly whether the continued suspension of the program is in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders; however, we are not required to authorize the re-commencement of the share redemption program within any specified period of time and any suspension may be for an indefinite period, which would be tantamount to a termination. The preceding summary does not purport to be a complete summary of our share redemption program and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the share redemption program , which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Refer to Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional details regarding our redemption history. The table below summarizes the redemption activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024, for which all eligible redemption requests were redeemed in full: 

Total Number of Shares Maximum Number of Redeemed as Part of Shares That May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Paid Publicly Announced Redeemed Under the (shares in thousands) Shares Redeemed per Share Requested (1) Plans or Programs Plans or Programs (2) For the Month Ended July 31, 2024 2,416 12.60 2,416 August 31, 2024 1,976 12.60 1,976 September 30, 2024 (3) 2,189 12.60 2,189 Total 6,581 12.60 6,581 

 (1) Amount represents the average price paid to investors upon redemption. (2) We limit the number of shares that may be redeemed per calendar quarter under the share redemption program as described above. (3) Redemption requests accepted in September 2024 are considered redeemed on October 1, 2024 for accounting purposes and, as a result, are not included in the table above. This differs from how we treat capital outflows for purposes of the limitations of our share redemption program. For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day stockholders have rights in the Company and we redeemed 70.6 million of shares of common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of the Company s directors or executive officers or any , instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The exhibits required by this item are set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200594) filed with the SEC on June 30, 2017. 3.2 Articles of Amendment. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020. 3.3 Articles of Amendment (name change and designation of Class D shares). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022 . 3.4 Articles of Amendment (revised name of share classes). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 3.5 Articles Supplementary (designation of new share classes). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024. 3.6 Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2023. 4.1 Third Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program, effective as of August 2, 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 4.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024. 4.3 Private Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 4.4 Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Procedures. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024. 10.1 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated August 2, 2024, by and between Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC. 10.2 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement . 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2024), effective as of August 2, 2024. 10.4 Twelfth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of AIREIT Operating Partnership LP, dated as of August 2, 2024. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 32.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 99.1 Consent of Altus Group U.S. Inc . 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 101 The following materials from Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed on November 12, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. November 12, 2024 By: /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) November 12, 2024 By: /s/ SCOTT A. SEAGER Scott A. Seager Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

 55 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 aire-20240930xex4d3.htm
 EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 
 PRIVATE DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN This PRIVATE DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN (the Plan is adopted by Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company or AIREIT pursuant to its charter (the Charter ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Charter. 1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the stockholders (the Stockholders of the Company who elect to participate in the Plan, the Company will apply all cash dividends and other cash distributions declared and paid in respect of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares held by each participating Stockholder (the Dividends ), including Dividends paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares of the same class for such participating Stockholder to which such Dividends are attributable.
 
 Additionally, as agent for the holders of partnership units (the OP Units of AIREIT Operating Partnership LP (the Partnership who acquire such OP Units as a result of any transaction of the Partnership, and who elect to participate in the Plan (together with the participating Stockholders, the Participants ), the Partnership will apply all distributions declared and paid in respect of the OP Units held by each Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional OP Units, to the purchase of Shares having the same class designation as the applicable class of OP Units for such Participant to which such Distributions are attributable. 2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan is August 2, 2024.
 3. Procedure for Participation. Any Stockholder or holder of OP Units may elect to become a Participant by noting such election on a subscription agreement, an enrollment form or any other appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Company, the Partnership, the Dealer Manager or a participating broker dealer. Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Dividend or Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares will be purchased under the Plan on the date that Dividends or Distributions are paid by the Company or the Partnership, as the case may be. The Company may elect to deny participation in the Plan with respect to a Stockholder or holder of OP Units that resides in a jurisdiction or foreign country where, in the Company s judgment, the burden or expense of compliance with applicable securities laws makes participation impracticable or inadvisable.
 4. Suitability. Each Participant is requested to promptly notify the Company in writing if the Participant experiences a material adverse change in his or her financial condition, including the failure to meet the then current suitability requirements for making an investment in the Company or if the Participant cannot make the other representations or warranties as set forth in the most recent applicable memorandum or subscription agreement, enrollment form or other authorization form, such Participant will promptly so notify the Company in writing.
 5. Purchase of Shares. 
 (a) Participants will acquire Shares under this Plan (the Plan Shares from the Company at a price equal to the transaction price (the Transaction Price in effect on the distribution date, which will generally be the most recently disclosed monthly net asset value NAV per Share applicable to the class of Shares purchased by the Participant. Although the Transaction Price for Shares of the Company s common stock will generally be based on the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share, the NAV per share of such stock as of the date on which a Participant s purchase is settled may be significantly different. The Company may offer Shares at a price that it believes reflects the NAV per share of such stock more appropriately than the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share, including by updating a previously disclosed Transaction Price, in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change (positive or negative) to its NAV per Share relative to the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per Share. No selling commissions will be payable with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan. Participants in the Plan may also purchase fractional Shares so that 100 of the Dividends or Distributions will be used to acquire Shares. However, a Participant will not be able to acquire Plan Shares to the extent that any such purchase would cause such Participant to exceed the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share 

Ownership Limit as set forth in the Charter or otherwise would cause a violation of the Share ownership restrictions set forth in the Charter. (b) Shares to be distributed by the Company in connection with the Plan will be supplied from Shares offered and sold in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 6. Distributions in Cash. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may elect to have any particular Dividend or Distribution paid in cash, without notice to Participants, without suspending this Plan and without affecting the future operation of the Plan with respect to Participants.
 7. Taxes. IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY WHICH MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL PARTICIPANT INCOME TAX LIABILITY MAY BE FOUND IN THE MOST RECENT APPLICABLE MEMORANDUM AND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE COMPANY WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 8. Share Certificates. The ownership of the Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Company issues certificates for its outstanding common stock.
 9. Reports. Within 90 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year, the Company shall provide, or cause to be provided, to each Stockholder an individualized report on his or her investment, including the purchase date(s), purchase price and number of Shares owned, as well as the dates of Dividend and/or Distribution payments and amounts of Dividends and/or Distributions paid during the prior fiscal year. In addition, the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to each Participant an individualized quarterly report at the time of each Dividend and/or Distribution payment showing the number of Shares owned prior to the current Dividend and/or Distribution, the amount of the current Dividend and/or Distribution and the number of Shares owned after the current Dividend and/or Distribution.
 10. Termination by Participant. A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering to the Company a written notice. Such notice must be received by the Company at least one business day prior to a distribution date in order for a Participant s termination to be effective for such distribution date (i.e., a termination notice will be effective the day after it is received and will not affect participation in the Plan for any prior date). Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Shares. If the Company redeems a portion of a Participant s Shares, the Participant s participation in the Plan with respect to the Participant s Shares that were not redeemed will not be terminated unless the Participant requests such termination pursuant to this Section 10. A Participant in the Plan who terminates his or her participation in the Plan will be allowed to participate in the Plan again by notifying the Company and completing any required forms, including an acknowledgment that the then-current memorandum relating to the Plan has been delivered or made available to the Participant. If the Company intends to list the Shares on a national stock exchange, the Plan may be terminated and any balance in a terminating Participant s account that does not reflect a whole number of Shares will be distributed to the terminating Participant in cash. From and after termination of Plan participation for any reason, Dividends and/or Distributions will be distributed to the Stockholder or holder of OP Units in cash.
 11. Amendment or Termination of Plan by the Company. The Board of Directors may amend the Plan; provided that notice of any material amendment must be provided to participants at least 10 days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board of Directors may suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10 days notice to the Participants. The Company may provide notice under this Section 11 via a Current Report on Form 8-K or in its annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or U.S. mail or other courier, electronic delivery, posting to the Company s website or some combination of the foregoing. 
 12. Liability of the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (a) arising out of failure to 

terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to receipt of notice in writing of such death; or (b) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of a particular state, the Company has been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC and certain state securities commissioners, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, unenforceable.
 13. Governing Law. The terms and conditions of the Plan and its operation are governed by the laws of the State of Maryland.

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 aire-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 
 DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT August 2, 2024 Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC 1200 17th Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 This Dealer Manager Agreement (this Agreement is entered into by and between Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager ). The Company is offering Class S-PR, Class D-PR and Class I-PR shares of its common stock (the Shares in a private placement offering (the Offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D ), on the terms and conditions described in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated August 2, 2024 (with all exhibits and supplements thereto, and as the same may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum ). Subject to Section 14 of this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Company and the Dealer Manager, Shares sold through the Dealer Manager are to be sold through the Dealer Manager, as the dealer manager, and the broker-dealers (the Dealers with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected dealer agreement substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A or such other form as approved by the Company (each, a Selected Dealer Agreement ). Except as otherwise provided in the Memorandum, Shares sold pursuant to the primary portion of the Offering will be sold at a purchase price generally equal to the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different purchase price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month (the Transaction Price ), plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class (the shares acquired pursuant to the DRIP, DRIP Shares ). The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to stockholders of the Company at the Transaction Price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Memorandum. Now, therefore, the Company hereby agrees with the Dealer Manager as follows: 
 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company : The Company represents and warrants to the Dealer Manager and each Dealer participating in the Offering that: 
 a. The Offering has not been and will not be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Shares are to be offered and sold in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act. The Company will use its best efforts to conduct the Offering in compliance with the requirements of Regulation D and will file all appropriate notices of the Offering with the SEC and relevant jurisdictions. 

b. The Company has been duly and validly organized and formed as a corporation under the laws of the state of Maryland, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Memorandum. 
 c. The Memorandum (as amended or supplemented, if applicable), as of its date (or as of the date of any such amendment or supplement, if applicable), does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.c will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Memorandum as are primarily within the knowledge of the Dealer Manager or any of the Dealers and are based upon information furnished by the Dealer Manager in writing to the Company specifically for inclusion therein. 
 d. The Company intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Memorandum. 
 e. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares, except such as have already been obtained or as may be required under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or applicable state securities laws. 
 f. Unless otherwise described in the Memorandum, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Company. 
 g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Company will not conflict with or constitute a default under (i) its charter or by-laws, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or (iii) any rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, except (1) to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws, and (2) for such conflicts or defaults that would not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, properties or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 h. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 
 i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Memorandum and the Company s charter, as amended and supplemented, and upon payment therefor as provided by the Memorandum and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Memorandum. 

j. The Company has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and all assessments received by the Company to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Company is contesting such assessments in good faith. 
 
 k. The Company does not intend to conduct its business so as to be an investment company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 l. Any and all supplemental sales materials prepared by the Company and any of its affiliates (excluding the Dealer Manager) specifically for use with prospective investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Memorandum, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Memorandum, not misleading. If at any time any event occurs which is known to the Company as a result of which such supplemental sales materials when used in conjunction with the Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof. 
 m. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, any beneficial owner (as that term is defined under Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has exercised, and during the term of the Offering will continue to exercise, reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person, any Dealer Manager Covered Person (as defined in Section 4.k below) and any Dealer Covered Person (as defined in Section 4.l below) is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company will immediately comply, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and will immediately effect the preparation of an amended or supplemented Memorandum that will contain any such required disclosure and will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, promptly furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of such amended or supplemented Memorandum containing any such required disclosure, including any exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. 
 n. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Company Covered Person, Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid 

(directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares. 
 o. With respect to each Company Covered Person, the Company has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Company Covered Person of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to that Company Covered Person, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Company Covered Person. 
 p. The representations and warranties in Sections 1.m through 1.o are and shall be continuing representations and warranties throughout the term of the Offering. The Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager in writing upon becoming aware of any fact which makes any such representation or warranty untrue. 
 2. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Dealer Manager that: 
 a. It will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of the Memorandum, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. It will similarly furnish to the Dealer Manager and others designated by the Dealer Manager as many copies of the following documents as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request: (a) this Agreement; and (b) any other printed sales literature or other materials (provided that the use of said sales literature and other materials has been first approved for use by the Company and all appropriate regulatory agencies). 
 b. If at any time during the Offering any event occurs as a result of which, in the opinion of either the Company or the Dealer Manager, the Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Dealer Manager) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemented Memorandum which will correct such statement or omission. 
 c. To the extent the Company provides materials to the Dealer Manager specifically for distribution to a Dealer in connection with its due diligence investigation relating to the Offering, such materials, to the knowledge of the Company, will be materially accurate as of the date or dates specified in such materials. 
 d. It will not conduct the Offering or offer or sell any of the Shares by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D. 
 e. It will cause to be prepared, executed and timely filed with the SEC such notices on Form D as are required by Rule 503 of Regulation D and will take all action necessary to comply with Rule 503 of Regulation D, and it will cause to be prepared, executed and timely filed any reports of sale or other filings as may be required under applicable federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 f. The Company will notify the Dealer Manager in writing, promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any 

event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person. 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Company that: a. The Dealer Manager has been duly and validly organized and formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Colorado, with the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. 
 b. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Dealer Manager will not conflict with or constitute a default under (i) its organizational documents, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or (iii) any rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Dealer Manager, except (1) to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws, and (2) for such conflicts or defaults that would not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, properties or results of operations of the Dealer Manager and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 c. The Dealer Manager is, and during the term of this Agreement will be, duly registered as a broker-dealer pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Act, a broker-dealer duly registered as such in the State of Colorado, a member in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), and a broker or dealer duly registered as such in those states where the Dealer Manager is required to be registered in order to carry out the Offering contemplated by the Memorandum. The Dealer Manager represents that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. The Dealer Manager is in compliance with all applicable rules and regulations to which it is subject, including without limitation, those under the Exchange Act and the Rules promulgated by FINRA. 
 d. The information under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum and all other information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any Company-Approved Supplemental Information (as defined in Section 4.c below) does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 e. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that the Offering is inappropriate for and shall not be used for any form of prospecting, and that the SEC staff has indicated that it believes furnishing copies of a private placement memorandum (or a description of the terms of a security to be privately placed) to lawyers, accountants or other professionals and asking such lawyers, accountants or other professionals to call an offering to the attention of their clients who might be interested or to otherwise facilitate the offering (the Financial Intermediaries may constitute a general solicitation. The Dealer Manager further acknowledges that the use of Financial Intermediaries in this manner is inconsistent with a private placement under Rule 506(b) of 

Regulation D, and the Dealer Manager covenants that it shall not initiate contact with a Financial Intermediary, other than a registered representative of a registered broker dealer or registered investment adviser, for the purpose of soliciting, directly or indirectly, an offer to participate in the Offering. 
 4. Covenants of the Dealer Manager The Dealer Manager and the Dealers will conduct the Offering in compliance with (i) the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum; (ii) the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including without limitation, Regulation D and, as applicable, Regulation Best Interest; (iii) the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (iv) all applicable state securities laws; (v) all other state or federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares and (vi) the Rules and guidelines promulgated by FINRA, including published guidance relating to the avoidance of general solicitation. The Dealer Manager covenants and agrees with the Company that: 
 a. During the course of the Offering, the Dealer Manager will not make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make any statement, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, concerning the Offering or any matters set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum. 
 b. The Dealer Manager shall not use any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D) in making offers of Shares. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer Manager will not conduct the Offering or offer or sell the Shares by means of: 
 (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication mentioning the Offering or the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium, cold mass mailings, broadcast over television, radio or the internet, or an e-mail message sent to a large number of previously unknown persons; 
 (ii) any seminar or meeting, the attendees of which have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising; or 
 (iii) any letter, circular, notice or other written communication constituting a form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
 c. The Dealer Manager will only use sales materials (other than the Memorandum) the use of which in connection with the Offering has been approved in advance by the Company in writing (the Company-Approved Supplemental Information and will not provide any Company-Approved Supplemental Information to any prospective investor unless such materials were accompanied or preceded by the Memorandum. 
 d. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company in advance in writing of the states in which it or a Dealer plans to offer the Shares. If the Company advises the Dealer Manager in writing that the Shares are not eligible to be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration in, or if the Company (in its sole discretion) otherwise elects not to offer the Shares in, one or more states, the Dealer Manager will immediately cease and desist from offering Shares to persons in such states. 
 e. Until the termination of the Offering, the Dealer Manager shall require the Dealers to provide each prospective investor with a copy of the Memorandum. 

f. Until the termination of the Offering, if the Dealer Manager has been provided with a supplement or amendment to the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager shall deliver such supplement or amendment to the Dealers so that the Dealers can distribute such supplement or amendment to persons who previously received a copy of the Memorandum and include such supplement or amendment in all deliveries of the Memorandum after receipt of any such supplement or amendment. 
 g. The Dealer Manager will not make any oral or written representations on behalf of the Company other than those contained in the Memorandum or Company-Approved Supplemental Information unless the making of such representations has been approved by the Company in writing, nor will the Dealer Manager act as an agent of the Company or for the Company in any other capacity except as expressly set forth herein. 
 h. Except for a Selected Dealer Agreement and placement agreements with participating registered investment advisers, no agreement will be made by the Dealer Manager with any person permitting the resale, repurchase or distribution of any Shares. 
 i. The Dealer Manager will furnish to the Company upon request a complete list of all persons and entities who have received a Memorandum and such parties addresses. 
 j. The Dealer Manager will comply with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the collection, maintenance and disclosure of non-public information provided by prospective investors in connection with their proposed investment in the Shares. 
 k. The Dealer Manager represents that neither it, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, together, Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company prior to the date hereof. 
 l. The Dealer Manager represents that it is not aware of any person (other than any Company Covered Person, Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person (as defined in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached hereto) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company of any agreement entered into between the Dealer Manager and any such person in connection with such sale. 
 m. The representations, warranties and covenants in Sections 4.l through l above are and shall be continuing representations, warranties and covenants throughout the term of the Offering. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Company in accordance with Section 4.l above, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person. 

n. If the Dealer Manager receives notification from a Dealer upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Dealer Manager, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person and in such event, require the Dealer to terminate the Dealer Covered Person or, for Dealer Covered Persons who are not directors or executive officers, no longer permit the Dealer Covered Person to participate in the Offering, the Dealer Manager will notify the Company in writing promptly upon receiving notification from such Dealer of the occurrence of any such event described in this paragraph. 
 o. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that, with respect to each Dealer Manager Covered Person and Dealer Covered Person, the Company is relying upon the representations, covenants and agreements of the Dealer Manager set forth in this Section 4 and the representations, covenants and agreements of the Dealers referred to in this Section 4 as procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to that Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person. 
 p. The Dealer Manager will provide such certifications, documentation, and other information reasonably requested by the Company from time to time which the Company deems to be necessary or advisable to carry out the exercise of reasonable care under Rule 506(d) and (e) under the Securities Act in connection with the Offering. 
 q. The Dealer Manager shall, and shall cause each Dealer, to offer Shares only to a prospective investor (i) whom the Dealer Manager or Dealer, as applicable, has reasonable grounds to believe, and in fact believes, is an Accredited Investor (as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and otherwise meets the financial suitability and other purchaser requirements set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager and (ii) with whom the Dealer Manager or Dealer or an associated person of the Dealer Manager or the Dealer, as applicable, has a pre-existing substantive relationship as such term has been interpreted by the SEC in published guidance (a pre-existing substantive relationship ). During the course of the Offering, the Dealer Manager will comply, and shall direct each Dealer who enters into a Selected Dealer Agreement with the Dealer Manager to comply, with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act and, if applicable, FINRA Rule 2111 and Regulation Best Interest. The Dealer Manager shall direct each Dealer who enters into a Selected Dealer Agreement with the Dealer Manager to make, or cause to be made, inquiries as required by this Agreement, the Selected Dealer Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of a Share is suitable for the prospective investor. 
 5. Obligations and Compensation of Dealer Manager. a. The Company hereby appoints the Dealer Manager as its agent and principal distributor for the purpose of selling for cash the Shares set forth in the Memorandum through Dealers, all of whom shall be members of FINRA. The Dealer Manager hereby accepts such agency and distributorship and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on said terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum with respect to the Offering and any additional terms or conditions specified in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. 

b. Promptly after the initial date of the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager and the Dealers shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash in jurisdictions in which the Shares are exempt for sale or in which such offering is otherwise permitted. The Dealer Manager and the Dealers will suspend or terminate offering of the Shares upon request of the Company at any time and will resume offering the Shares upon subsequent request of the Company. 
 c. Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in connection with sales of Class S-PR shares in the primary portion of the Offering (the Class S-PR Primary Shares and sales of Class D-PR shares in the primary portion of the Offering (the Class D-PR Primary Shares as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares and all or a portion of the selling commissions may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class S-PR Primary Shares or Class D-PR Primary Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer. 
 d. Subject to special circumstances described in or otherwise provided under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in connection with sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares, as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Class S-PR Primary Shares and all or a portion of the dealer manager fees may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class S-PR Primary Shares giving rise to such dealer manager fees, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer. 
 e. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.f below, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a distribution fee with respect to Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares sold in the primary offering as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement (the Distribution Fee ). The Company will pay the Distribution Fee to the Dealer Manager monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Distribution Fee to any Dealers who sold the Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares giving rise to a portion of such Distribution Fee to the extent the Selected Dealer Agreement with such Dealer provides for such a reallowance; provided, however, that upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Dealer who sold the Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares giving rise to a portion of the Distribution Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares, then such Dealer s entitlement to the portion of the Distribution Fee related to such Class S-PR and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, shall cease, and beginning on such date, such portion of the Distribution Fee may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S-PR and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement and such Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Distribution Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance, all in accordance with the terms of such Servicing 

Agreement. No Distribution Fee is payable with respect to the Class I-PR shares or shares sold under the DRIP. 
 f. The Dealer Manager will cease receiving the Distribution Fee with respect to individual Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares when they are no longer outstanding, including as a result of conversion to Class I-PR shares described below. Each Class S-PR or Class D-PR share held within a stockholder s account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I-PR shares at the conversion rate set forth in the Memorandum on the earliest of (a) a listing of any shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange, (b) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets and (c) the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the Company s transfer agent determines that the total upfront selling commissions, upfront dealer manager fees and ongoing Distribution Fees paid with respect to all shares of such class held by such stockholder within such account (including shares purchased through a distribution reinvestment plan or received as stock dividends) equals or exceeds the limit, if any, set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Dealer, provided that the Dealer Manager advises the Company s transfer agent of the limit in writing) of the aggregate purchase price of all shares of such class held by such stockholder within such account and purchased in a primary offering (i.e., an offering other than a distribution reinvestment plan). 
 g. The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Distribution Fee shall be set forth in the Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Dealers or Servicing Dealers, as applicable. The Company will not be liable or responsible to any Dealer or Servicing Dealer for direct payment of commissions or any reallowance of the dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee to such Dealer or Servicing Dealer, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Dealer Manager for payment of commissions or any reallowance of the dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee to Dealers and Servicing Dealers. 
 h. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 5, the Company and/or Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (the Advisor shall reimburse the Dealer Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Memorandum, to the extent the Memorandum indicates that they will be paid by the Company or the Advisor, as applicable, to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA. 
 i. In addition to reimbursement as provided under Section 5.h, the Company shall also pay directly or reimburse the Dealer Manager for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by any Dealer. The Dealer Manager shall obtain from any Dealer and provide to the Company a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. 
 j. The Dealer Manager may elect to pay supplemental fees and commissions to certain Dealers and Servicing Dealers with respect to Shares sold in the primary portion of the Offering, which may be paid at the time of sale or over time, provided, however, that the parties acknowledge and agree that such supplemental fees and commissions will not be reimbursed by the Company. 
 k. The Dealer Manager and all Dealers will offer and sell the Shares at the offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Memorandum. 
 6. Indemnification . 

a. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Dealers and the Dealer Manager, their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Dealer or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Dealers or the Dealer Manager, their officers and directors, or such controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) in any federal or state securities filing or other document executed by the Company or on its behalf specifically for the purpose of exempting any or all of the Shares from the registration requirements under the securities laws of any jurisdiction or based upon written information furnished by the Company under the securities laws thereof (any such filing, document or information being hereinafter called a Filing ), or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Filing a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (c) the failure of the Company to comply, through no failure of the Dealer Manager, Dealer or their respective indemnified parties, with any of the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including without limitation, Rule 506 of Regulation D), or any other applicable state securities laws, rules or regulations or the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum, or (d) the material breach by the Company (through no failure by the Dealer Manager, the Dealer or their respective indemnified parties) of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Company set forth in this Agreement, and will reimburse each Dealer or the Dealer Manager, its officers, directors and each such controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Dealer or the Dealer Manager, its officers and directors, or such controlling person in connection with investigating or defending such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of, or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of any Dealer or the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to such Dealer or the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any such Filing; and further provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case if it is determined that such Dealer or the Dealer Manager was at fault in connection with the loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not indemnify or hold harmless the Dealer Manager, any Dealer or any of their affiliates for liabilities arising from or out of an alleged violation of state or federal securities laws by such party, unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 
 (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law violations as to the indemnitee; (ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the indemnitee; or (iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority 

in which the securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 b. The Dealer Manager will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each officer and director of the Company, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which any of the aforesaid parties may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) any Filing, or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum, or in any amendment or supplement to the Memorandum, or any Filing, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Memorandum or any such amendments or supplements thereto or any such Filing, or (c) any unauthorized use of sales materials or use of unauthorized verbal or written representations concerning the Shares by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents (other than a Dealer), or (d) any offers or sales in violation of the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum, or (e) the failure of the Dealer Manager to comply, through no failure of the Company or its indemnified parties, with any of the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including without limitation, Rule 506 of Regulation D), or any other applicable state securities laws, rules or regulations, or (f) the material breach by the Dealer Manager of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement, or (g) the failure of the Dealer Manager to maintain its status as a registered broker-dealer in accordance with the rules of FINRA and any applicable state broker-dealer registration requirements or the violation by the Dealer Manager or any of its principals, managers, members, directors, officers, employees or agents of any requirements, rules or regulations of FINRA or any other state laws, rules or regulations governing the licensing of or acting as a securities broker-dealer, and will reimburse the aforesaid parties, in connection with investigation or defending such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Dealer Manager may otherwise have. 
 c. Each Dealer severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company, the Dealer Manager, any such director or officer, or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) in any Filing, or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Filing a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of such Dealer specifically for use with reference to such Dealer in the preparation of the Memorandum or any such amendments or supplements 

thereto or any such Filing, or (c) any unauthorized use of sales materials or use of unauthorized verbal or written representations concerning the Shares by such Dealer or Dealer s representatives or agents in violation of Section VII of the Selected Dealer Agreement or otherwise, or (d) any failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA, federal or state securities laws or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other state or federal laws and regulations applicable to the Offering or the activities of the Dealer in connection with the Offering (including without limitation Rule 506 of Regulation D), (e) any offers or sales in violation of the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum by Dealer or its representatives, employees or agents, or (f) the material breach by the Dealer of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Dealer set forth in the Selected Dealer Agreement, or (g) the failure of the Dealer or any of its registered representatives involved with the Offering to maintain their status as a registered broker-dealer or registered representative of the Dealer in accordance with the rules of FINRA and any applicable state broker-dealer registration requirements or the violation by the Dealer or any of its principals, managers, members, directors, officers, employees or agents of any requirements, rules or regulations of FINRA or any other state laws, rules or regulations governing the licensing of or acting as a securities broker-dealer, or (h) the failure by any purchaser of Shares to comply with the investor suitability requirements set forth in the section captioned Who May Invest in the Memorandum, and will reimburse the Company and the Dealer Manager and any such directors or officers, or controlling person, in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which such Dealer may otherwise have. 
 d. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will relieve it from liability under this Section 6 only in the event and to the extent the failure to provide such notice adversely affects the ability to defend such action. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to paragraph (e) of this Section 6) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. 
 e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought; and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of 

services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 f. The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Dealer, or any person controlling any Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Dealer or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6. 
 7. Survival of Provisions. a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or any person controlling the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company or any person controlling the Company, and (ii) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares. 
 b. The respective agreements of the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections 5.c through 5.k and Sections 6 through 15 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 8. Applicable Law. This Agreement was executed and delivered in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Colorado; provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section 8. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in Denver, Colorado. 
 9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 10. Successors and Amendment. a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Dealers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 6 hereof. 
 b. This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the Dealer Manager and the Company. 
 11. Term and Termination. Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days written notice or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, (a) the Company shall pay to the Dealer Manager all earned but unpaid compensation and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled under Section 5 pursuant to the requirements of that Section 5 at such times as such amounts become 

payable pursuant to the terms of such Section 5, offset by any losses suffered by the Company or any officer or director of the Company arising from the Dealer Manager s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an indemnification claim against the Dealer Manager under Section 6.b herein, and (b) the Dealer Manager shall promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering and that are not designated as dealer copies. Dealer Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company. 
 12. Confirmation. The Company hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf and on behalf of Dealers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Company. 
 13. Memorandum and Supplemental Information . Dealer Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum and any Company-Approved Supplemental Information. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company-Approved Supplemental Information shall not include materials previously approved by the Company for use in the offer and sale of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to prior securities offerings that have been terminated. The Dealer Manager further agrees (a) not to deliver any Company-Approved Supplemental Information to any investor or prospective investor, to any broker-dealer that has not entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement, or to any representatives or other associated persons of such a broker-dealer, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Memorandum as amended and supplemented, and (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company and marked dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in 
 connection with the Offering. Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will include requirements and obligations of the Dealers similar to those imposed upon the Dealer Manager pursuant to this Section 13. 
 14. Acting as Dealer and Facilitation of Direct Investments . 
 a. Except where otherwise inconsistent with its rights and duties as Dealer Manager under this Agreement, the Dealer Manager may act as a Dealer with respect to qualified purchasers (as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), who are also accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D). With respect to such activities, except where otherwise inconsistent with its rights and duties as Dealer Manager under this Agreement, all provisions of this Agreement and form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached hereto (as each may be amended from time to time) that are applicable to Dealers shall apply to the Dealer Manager. The Company and the Dealer Manager shall remain subject to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement and, as applicable, the form of Selected Dealer Agreement, with respect to the Dealer Manager s efforts to sell Shares to qualified purchasers. 
 b. In connection with direct investments in Shares by investors who are accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and are not otherwise represented by a Dealer, the Dealer Manager shall be permitted to have an affiliate of the Dealer Manager that is an SEC-registered FINRA member broker-dealer provide certain administrative and regulatory services in connection with direct subscriptions for Shares by such investors, including, without limitation, the determination that an investment in Shares is suitable for the investor, compliance with Regulation Best Interest or FINRA Rule 2111, to the extent applicable to the particular investor, and the performance of diligence to verify the identity of the investor and compliance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

15. Suitability of Investors. The Dealer Manager will require that the Dealers offer Shares only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required and in which the Dealer has all required licenses and registrations to offer Shares in such jurisdictions. In offering Shares, the Dealer Manager, will require that the Dealer comply with the rules set forth in the FINRA Manual as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506(b) promulgated under the Securities Act and FINRA Rule 2111. Dealers will diligently make inquiries as required by the Selected Dealer Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of Shares is suitable for the prospective investor and in connection therewith, and without limiting the foregoing, Dealers have the responsibility to undertake all reasonable investigation, review, and inquiry to ensure that a prospective investor: (a) meets the minimum income and net worth standards established for an investment in the Shares; (b) can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the prospective investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure; (c) is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the prospective investor s overall financial situation; and (d) has apparent understanding of (i) the fundamental risks of the investment; (ii) the risk that the investor may lose the entire investment; (iii) the lack of liquidity of the Shares; (iv) the restrictions on transferability of the Shares; (v) the tax consequences of the investment; and (vi) the background of the Advisor. In determining that a prospective investor meets the above requirements, the Dealers shall rely on relevant information obtained from the prospective investor pertinent to the determination, including the investor s age, investment objectives, investment experiences, income, net worth, financial situation, and other investments, as well as any other factors deemed pertinent by the Dealer. The Dealer Manager will require that the Dealers shall sell the Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such Shares as described in the Memorandum and only through those Dealers who are authorized to sell such Shares. The Dealer Manager, in its agreements with the Dealers, shall require the Dealers to maintain, for at least six years from the date of the sale of Shares, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares. To the extent Shares are offered to investors other than through a Dealer, the obligations of the Dealers set forth in this Section 15 shall become obligations of the Dealer Manager, and the Dealer Manager shall be responsible for ensuring that such offers and sales comply with the obligations set forth in this Section 15; provided, however, that such obligations shall not become obligations of the Dealer Manager in connection with sales to investors referred to the Dealer Manager pursuant to a Referral Agreement as described in Section 14 above. 
 16. Submission of Orders. The Dealer Manager will require each Dealer to comply with the submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Dealer Manager may authorize certain Dealers that are 250,000 broker-dealers to instruct their customers to make their checks or wire transfers instruments of payment for Shares subscribed for payable directly to the Dealer or authorize a debit from the customer s account maintained with the Dealer for the amount of Shares subscribed for by the customer. In such case, the Dealer will collect the proceeds of the subscribers instruments of payment and debits and transmit funds to the Company or its designated agent. The procedures for the transmittal of instruments of payment of 250,000 broker-dealers will be set forth in the agreements between the 250,000 broker-dealer and the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager is involved in the distribution process other than through a Dealer, the Dealer Manager will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription eligibility form in the form provided by the Company to the Dealer Manager for use in connection with the Offering (an Eligibility Form and to deliver to the Dealer Manager or as otherwise directed by the Dealer Manager such completed and executed Eligibility Form together with an instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Memorandum. Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Dealer Manager to 

the Company as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the second business day following receipt by the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager receives an Eligibility Form or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement, the Dealer Manager shall return such Eligibility Form and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such subscribers. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written. Very truly yours, ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. By: /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Name: Jeffrey W. Taylor Title: Co-President 
 Accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written: 

ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC By: /s/ CASEY GALLIGAN Name: Casey Galligan Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Schedule 1 Compensation I. Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees Subject to certain Dealers right to retain selling commissions and dealer manager fees directly from investors, as described in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of up to 2.0 , and dealer manager fees in the amount of up to 2.5 , of the offering price per share of each sale of Class S-PR Primary Shares, provided, however that such amounts may vary for sales through certain Dealers as provided in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, provided that the sum of such selling commissions and dealer manager fees will not exceed 4.5 of the offering price per share. Further, subject to certain Dealers right to retain selling commissions directly from investors, as described in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of up to 1.5 of the offering price per share of each sale of Class D-PR Primary Shares. The Company will not pay to the Dealer Manager any selling commissions or dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class I-PR shares or DRIP Shares and will not pay to the Dealer Manager any dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class D-PR shares. II. Distribution Fee The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to outstanding Class S-PR shares sold in the primary offering in an amount equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of such outstanding Class S-PR shares. The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to outstanding Class D-PR shares sold in the primary offering in an amount equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of such outstanding Class D-PR shares. The Company will not pay the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to Class I-PR shares or shares sold under the DRIP. The Distribution Fees will be paid monthly in arrears. 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 aire-20240930xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 FORM OF SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT Ladies and Gentlemen: Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC, as the dealer manager (the Dealer Manager for Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company ), a Maryland corporation which has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, invites you (the Dealer to participate in the distribution of shares of common stock of the Company subject to the following terms: I. Dealer Manager Agreement The Dealer Manager has entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement with the Company dated August 2, 2024 (the Dealer Manager Agreement ), attached hereto as Exhibit A . By your acceptance of this Selected Dealer Agreement (this Agreement ), you will become one of the Dealers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled and subject to the indemnification provisions contained in such Dealer Manager Agreement, including the indemnification provisions contained in Section 6 of such Dealer Manager Agreement wherein the Dealers severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each officer and director thereof, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, all terms used in this Agreement have the meanings provided in the Dealer Manager Agreement. As described in the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Company is offering Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares of its common stock (collectively, the Shares in a private placement offering (the Offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act, pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D ), on the terms and conditions described in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated August 2, 2024 (with all exhibits and supplements thereto, and as the same may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum ). The Dealer hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions stated in the Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make the Dealer an employee, agent, representative or partner of the Dealer Manager or of the Company, and the Dealer is not authorized to act for the Dealer Manager or the Company or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Memorandum and such other Supplemental Information (as defined in Section VII herein). II. Submission of Orders Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a subscription eligibility form provided by the Company to each Dealer for use in connection with the Offering (the Eligibility Form and to deliver to the Dealer such completed and executed Eligibility 

 Form together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Memorandum. Those persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by the Dealer to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. Purchase orders which include a completed and executed Eligibility Form in good order and instruments of payment received by the Company at least five (5) business days prior to the first calendar day of the month (unless waived by the Dealer Manager) will be executed as of the first calendar day of the next month (based on the prior month s Transaction Price (defined below) per share of the applicable share). If the Dealer receives an Eligibility Form or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions, the Dealer shall return such Eligibility Form and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment received by the Dealer which conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section II. Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with the following procedures: Where, pursuant to the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment are received from subscribers, Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Dealer for deposit to Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. as set forth in the Eligibility Form or as otherwise directed by the Company. Where, pursuant to the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, final and internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location, Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Dealer to the office of the Dealer conducting such final internal supervisory review (the Final Review Office ). The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment for deposit to Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. as set forth in the Eligibility Form or as otherwise directed by the Company. III. Pricing Except as otherwise provided in the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Shares shall generally be offered at a purchase price payable in cash equal to the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different purchase price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month (the Transaction Price ), plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class at the Transaction Price of the applicable class of Shares. Except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to the Dealer by the Company or the Dealer Manager, a minimum initial purchase of 2,000 in Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares is required, and a minimum initial purchase of 1,000,000 (unless waived by the Company) in Class I-PR shares is required, and additional investments of any such shares may be made in cash in minimal increments of at least 500 in such shares except for purchases made pursuant to the DRIP. The Shares are nonassessable. IV. Dealers Compensation 
 2 

Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales, the Dealer is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. V. Payment Payments of selling commissions and any other fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be made by the Dealer Manager to the Dealer. Selling commissions and such other fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Dealer within 30 days after receipt of such fees by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer may withhold the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which it is entitled pursuant to this Agreement and the Memorandum if it makes certain representations to the Dealer Manager as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. The Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize the Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions and any other fees or payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the Dealer so elects, the Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. VI. Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales All orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Company, which reserves the right to reject any order. Orders not accompanied by an executed Eligibility Form and the required instrument of payment may be rejected. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. If any check is not paid upon presentment, or if the Company is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or cash, certified or cashier s check or the equivalent in payment for the Shares within 15 days of sale, the Company reserves the right to cancel the sale without notice. In the event an order is rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason, the Dealer agrees to return to the Dealer Manager any commission and any other fees or payments theretofore paid with respect to such order. VII. Memorandum and Supplemental Information; Compliance with Laws The Dealer is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum and any additional sales literature which has been approved in advance in writing by the Dealer Manager and the Company to supplement the Memorandum and be used in connection with the Offering Supplemental Information ). For the avoidance of doubt, Supplemental Information shall not include materials previously approved by the Dealer Manager for use in the offer and sale of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to prior securities offerings that have been terminated. The Dealer Manager will supply the Dealer with reasonable quantities of the Memorandum, any supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum, as well as any Supplemental Information, for delivery to investors, and the Dealer will deliver a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made prior to or simultaneously with the first solicitation of an offer to sell the Shares to an investor. The Dealer agrees that it will not send or give any supplement to the Memorandum or any Supplemental Information to an investor unless it has previously sent or given the Memorandum and all previous supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to that investor or has simultaneously sent or given the Memorandum and all previous supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum with such supplement to the Memorandum or Supplemental Information. The Dealer agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing which is 
 3 

supplied to it by the Dealer Manager and marked dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the Offering. The Dealer agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any material or writing which relates to another company supplied to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager bearing a legend which states that such material may not be used in connection with the offer or sale of any securities other than the company to which it relates. The Dealer further agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Dealer Manager in writing. The Dealer agrees, if the Dealer Manager so requests, to furnish a copy of any revised Memorandum to each person to whom it has furnished a copy of any previous Memorandum. On becoming a Dealer, and in offering and selling Shares, the Dealer agrees to comply with all the applicable requirements imposed upon it under (a) the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC promulgated under both such acts, including, without limitation, Regulation D and, as applicable, Regulation Best Interest, (b) all applicable state securities laws and regulations as from time to time in effect, (c) any other state, federal, foreign and other laws and regulations applicable to the Offering, the sale of Shares or the activities of the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT Act ), and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC at the Department of the Treasury; and (d) this Agreement and the Memorandum. VIII. License and Association Membership The Dealer s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation to the Company and the Dealer Manager that the Dealer is a properly registered or licensed broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under federal and state securities laws and regulations, and foreign laws, if applicable, and in all states or jurisdictions where it offers or sells Shares, and that it is a member in good standing of FINRA. This Agreement shall automatically terminate if the Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if the Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Dealer also hereby agrees to abide by the Rules of FINRA, including FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, and 2121. IX. Limitation of Offer; Suitability The Dealer will offer Shares (both at the time of an initial subscription and at the time of any additional subscription, including initial enrollments and increased participations in the DRIP) only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing by the Dealer Manager that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required and in which the Dealer has all required licenses and registrations to offer Shares in such jurisdictions. In offering Shares, the Dealer shall comply with the provisions of the Rules set forth in the FINRA Manual, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to relieve Dealer of its suitability obligations under FINRA Rule 2111. The Dealer will sell Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares only to the extent approved by the Dealer Manager as set forth on Schedule 1 to this 
 4 

Agreement, and to the extent approved to sell Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares pursuant to this Agreement, sell such Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares as described in the Memorandum. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to impose upon the Company or the Dealer Manager the responsibility of assuring that prospective investors meet the suitability standards in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Memorandum. The Dealer agrees to comply with the record-keeping requirements imposed by (a) federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and (b) the applicable rules of FINRA. In addition, the Dealer agrees, as required by the Company s charter, to maintain records (the Suitability Records of the information used to determine that an investment in Shares is suitable and appropriate for each subscriber for a period of six years from the date of the sale of the Shares. The Dealer agrees to make the Suitability Records available to the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request and to make them available to representatives of the SEC and FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon the Dealer s receipt of a subpoena or other appropriate document request from such agency. X. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Dealer The Dealer represents, warrants and covenants to the Company and the Dealer Manager that: (a) The Dealer will conduct the Offering in compliance with (i) the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum; (ii) the requirements of the Securities Act, including without limitation, Regulation D; (iii) the requirements of the Exchange Act; (iv) all applicable state securities laws; and (v) the rules and guidelines promulgated by FINRA, including published guidance relating to the avoidance of general solicitation. 
 (b) The Dealer shall not use any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D) in making offers of Shares. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer shall not conduct the Offering or offer or sell Shares by means of: 
 i. any advertisement, article, notice or other communication mentioning the Offering or Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium, cold mass mailings, broadcast over television, radio or the internet, or an e-mail message sent to a large number of previously unknown persons; ii. any seminar or meeting, the attendees of which have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising; or iii. any letter, circular, notice or other written communication constituting a form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
 (c) The Dealer acknowledges that the Offering is inappropriate for and shall not be used for any form of prospecting, and that the SEC staff has indicated that it believes furnishing copies of a private placement memorandum (or a description of the terms of a security to be privately placed) to lawyers, accountants or other professionals and asking such lawyers, accountants or other professionals to call an offering to the attention of their clients who might be interested or to otherwise facilitate the offering (the Financial Intermediaries may constitute a general solicitation. The Dealer further acknowledges that the use of Financial Intermediaries in this manner is inconsistent with a private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, and the Dealer covenants that it shall not initiate contact with a Financial Intermediary, other than a registered representative of a registered broker dealer or registered investment adviser, for the purpose of soliciting, directly or indirectly, an offer to participate in the Offering. 

 5 

(d) The Dealer shall offer Shares only to a prospective investor (i) whom the Dealer has reasonable grounds to believe, and in fact believes, is an Accredited Investor (as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and otherwise meets the financial suitability and other purchaser requirements set forth in the Memorandum; and (ii) with whom the Dealer or an associated person of the Dealer has a pre-existing substantive relationship as such term has been interpreted by the SEC in published guidance (a pre-existing substantive relationship provided, that for six (6) months following the commencement of the Offering, such pre-existing substantive relationship must pre-date the commencement of the Offering. 
 (e) The Dealer shall sell Shares only to a prospective investor who has executed and delivered an Eligibility Form representing and warranting that such investor is an Accredited Investor and satisfies the additional suitability standards set forth in the Memorandum; 
 (f) The Dealer shall not deliver to any offeree any written documents pertaining to the Company or the Shares, other than the Memorandum, or any supplement to the Memorandum, and any Supplemental Information that are supplied to the Dealer by the Dealer Manager specifically for use in connection with the Offering. Without intending to limit the generality of the foregoing, the Dealer shall not deliver to any prospective investor in the Offering any material pertaining to a prior securities offering of the Company that has been terminated. 
 (g) The information, if any, furnished to the Company by the Dealer in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum and/or Supplemental Information does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. During the course of the Offering, the Dealer will not make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make any statement by the Dealer, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading concerning such Offering or any matters set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum and Supplemental Information. The Dealer shall immediately bring to the attention of the Company and the Dealer Manager any circumstance or fact which causes the Dealer to believe the Memorandum, the Supplemental Information, or any information supplied by a prospective investor in their Eligibility Form, may be inaccurate or misleading. 
 (h) During the course of the Offering, the Dealer shall comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506(b) promulgated under the Securities Act and FINRA Rule 2111. The Dealer will diligently make inquiries as required by this Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of Shares is suitable for the prospective investor. In connection therewith, and without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer shall undertake all reasonable investigation, review, and inquiry to ensure that a prospective investor: (a) meets the minimum income and net worth standards established for an investment in the Shares; (b) can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the prospective investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure; (c) is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the prospective investor s overall financial situation; and (d) has apparent understanding of (i) the fundamental risks of the investment; (ii) the risk that the investor may lose the entire investment; (iii) the lack of liquidity of the Shares; (iv) the restrictions on transferability of the Shares; (v) the tax consequences of the investment; and (vi) the background of the Advisor. In determining that a prospective investor meets the requirements of this Section X(h), the Dealer shall rely on relevant information obtained from the prospective investor pertinent to the determination, including the investor s age, investment objectives, investment experiences, income, net worth, financial situation, and other investments, as well as any other factors deemed pertinent by the Dealer. 

 6 

(i) The Dealer shall make reasonable inquiry to determine whether a prospective investor is acquiring Shares for the prospective investor s own account or on behalf of other persons and not for the purpose of resale or other distribution of the Shares. 
 (j) The Dealer shall ensure that each of the representations and warranties made by each prospective investor to the Company in the Eligibility Form, is, to the Dealer s best knowledge and belief, after due inquiry, true and correct as of the date thereof and as of the date of purchase of the Shares by such investor. 
 (k) The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance in writing of the states in which the Dealer plans to offer the Shares. If the Company or the Dealer Manager advises the Dealer that the Shares are not eligible to be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration in, or if the Company (in its sole discretion) otherwise elects not to offer the Shares in, one or more states, the Dealer shall immediately cease and desist from offering Shares to persons in such states. 
 (l) The Dealer shall not take any action in conflict with, or omit to take any action the omission of which would cause the Dealer to be in conflict with, the conditions and requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and other applicable conditions and requirements of Regulation D (or other applicable rule), or applicable state securities laws that would make exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws unavailable with respect to the Offering. 
 (m) The Dealer shall provide the Dealer Manager or the Company with such information relating to the offer and sale of the Shares by it as the Dealer Manager or the Company may from time to time reasonably request or as may be requested to enable the Company to prepare such reports of sale as may be required to be filed under applicable federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (n) The Dealer shall advise each prospective investor of Shares in the Company at the time of the initial offering to such investor that the Company shall, during the course of the Offering and a reasonable time before sale, accord such investor and such investor s agents or representatives, if any, the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering and to obtain any additional information, to the extent possessed or obtainable by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense, that is necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Memorandum. 
 (o) The Dealer shall furnish to the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request a complete list of all persons and entities who have been offered the Shares by the Dealer and such parties addresses. 
 (p) The Dealer shall not permit (except as expressly contemplated in this Agreement), nor enter into any agreement or arrangement other than this Agreement for, the resale, repurchase or distribution of any Shares. 
 (q) Neither the Dealer, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Covered Person and, together, Dealer Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 

 7 

Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or Rule 506(d)(2)(iii) of the Securities Act and (ii) a copy of the SEC s determination (in the case of Rule 506(d)(2)(ii)) and a copy of such judgement, order or decree in the case of (Rule 506(d)(2)(iii)) has been furnished in writing to the Dealer Manager prior to the date hereof. 
 (r) The Dealer is not a party to any agreement other than this Agreement regarding the payment (directly or indirectly) of remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the Offering. The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager of any such agreement entered into between the Dealer and any other person. 
 (s) The representations and warranties in Sections X(q) and X(r) above are and shall be continuing representations and warranties throughout the term of the Offering. The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Company in accordance with Section X(q) above, (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person and in such event, the Dealer will terminate the Dealer Covered Person or, for Dealer Covered Persons who are not directors or executive officers, no longer permit the Dealer Covered Person to participate in the Offering. 
 (t) The Dealer shall provide to the Dealer Manager or the Company such certifications, documentation and other information as reasonably requested from time to time by the Dealer Manager or the Company as such parties deem necessary or advisable to carry out the exercise of reasonable care under Rule 506(d) and (e) under the Securities Act in connection with the Offering. 
 (u) The Dealer has not, and shall not, pay any compensation, directly or indirectly, whether through the payment or reallowance of commissions, allowances, or otherwise, to any Dealer Covered Person who is subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Dealer has amended all contracts or agreements between the Dealer and Dealer Covered Persons as necessary to comply with this section. 
 
 XI. Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager (a) The Dealer Manager represents that neither it, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, together, Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Dealer prior to the date hereof. 
 (b) The Dealer Manager shall notify the Dealer in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Dealer in accordance with Section XI(a) above, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person. The Dealer Manager shall also notify the Dealer in writing promptly upon receiving notification from (x) the Company of the occurrence of any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Persons and any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Persons, or (y) any other Dealer of the occurrence of any Disqualification Event relating to any such Dealer s Dealer 

 8 

Covered Persons and any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any such Dealer s Dealer Covered Persons. 
 
 XII. Disclosure Review; Confidentiality of Information The Dealer agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe, based on the information made available to it through the Memorandum or other materials, that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Memorandum and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, the Dealer shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. If the Dealer relies upon the results of any inquiry conducted by another member or members of FINRA, the Dealer shall have reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care, that the member or members conducting or directing the inquiry consented to the disclosure of the results of the inquiry and that the person who participated in or conducted the inquiry is not the Dealer Manager or a sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor of the Company. The Dealer shall not rely upon the efforts of the Company, the Dealer Manager, or any of their representatives, agents or affiliates, in determining whether the Company or the Dealer Manager has adequately and accurately disclosed all material facts upon which to provide a basis for evaluating Shares to the extent required by federal or state law or FINRA. It is anticipated that (i) the Dealer and the Dealer s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, home office diligence personnel and other agents of the Dealer that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of the Dealer and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether the Dealer will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Personnel either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include: (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates, (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates; (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented; (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. The Dealer agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Personnel to keep, all such Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with the Dealer s due diligence inquiry. The Dealer agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Personnel not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or the Dealer s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. The Dealer further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of the Dealer s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of the Dealer s confidentiality obligation. The Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer or its Diligence Personnel may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. The Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer or its Diligence Personnel may in the future receive Confidential 
 9 

Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Company, or at general Forums sponsored by the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. The Dealer acknowledges the restrictions and limitations of Regulation F-D promulgated by the SEC and agrees that the foregoing restrictions are necessary and appropriate in order for the Company to comply therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including the SEC or FINRA), provided that the Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). XIII. Dealer s Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Rules and Regulations The Dealer acknowledges that investors who purchase Shares through the Dealer are customers of the Dealer and not the Dealer Manager. The Dealer hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with broker/dealers anti-money laundering obligations (the AML Rules ). The Dealer hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented, and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification as required by the PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, the Dealer agrees to verify the identity of its new customers; to maintain customer records; and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, the Dealer will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the PATRIOT Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. The Dealer will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Dealer Manager at any time, the Dealer hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with the Dealer s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. The Dealer further understands that, while the Dealer Manager is required to establish and implement an AML Program in accordance with the AML Rules, the Dealer cannot rely on the Dealer Manager s AML Program for purposes of the Dealer s compliance with the AML Rules. The Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if the Dealer is subject to a FINRA disclosure event or fine from FINRA related to its AML Program. XIV. Privacy . The Dealer agrees as follows: The Dealer agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLBA and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, the Dealer may share with the Company and the Company may share with the Dealer nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLBA) of customers of the Dealer. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited 
 10 

to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. The Dealer shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal information of each of its customers that pertains to the period or periods during which the Dealer served as the broker dealer of record for such customer s account. The Dealer, the Dealer Manager and the Company shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA) or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described in this Section XIV. Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, the Dealer agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. The Dealer shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event the Dealer, the Dealer Manager or the Company expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XIV, it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XIV, shall be prohibited. The Dealer shall implement reasonable measures designed (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers; (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer; (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties; and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLBA), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. The Dealer further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom the Dealer provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XIV. XV. Dealer s Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares The Dealer acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. The Dealer also acknowledges that the Company s Share Redemption Program (the Program provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares redeemed by the Company and that the Company s board of directors may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Program at any time in accordance with the terms of the Program. The Dealer further acknowledges that the Company is obligated to immediately terminate the Program if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange or if a secondary market in the Shares is otherwise established. The Dealer hereby agrees not to engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager. 
 11 

XVI. Arbitration Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ). Any matter to be settled by arbitration shall be submitted to the AAA in Denver, Colorado, which shall be the exclusive venue for any such dispute and the parties agree to abide by all awards rendered in such proceedings. The parties shall attempt to designate one arbitrator from the AAA, but if they are unable to do so, then the AAA shall designate an arbitrator. Any arbitrator selected by the parties or the AAA shall be a qualified person who has experience with complex real estate disputes. The arbitration shall be final, binding, and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that upon application pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act 9 USC 1 et seq. the court shall enter judgment upon an award made pursuant to an arbitration under this Agreement. The Dealer agrees that the Company or the Dealer Manager may file an action to enjoin the Dealer from pursuing any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to the Agreement in any forum or venue other than that specified in this Agreement Suit for Injunctive Relief ). The exclusive venue for any Suit for Injunctive Relief, Motion to Confirm, Motion to Modify, or Motion to Vacate an award made under this agreement shall be the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, Denver Division. In the event the United States District Court for the District of Colorado does not have subject matter jurisdiction then such exclusive jurisdiction shall be in the District Court of Denver County, Colorado. The Dealer agrees that it is expressly waiving its right to have any dispute arising out of or related to the Agreement heard before a FINRA arbitration panel or pursuant to the FINRA Code of Arbitration Procedure. The Dealer hereby consents to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, Denver Division and the District Court of Denver County, Colorado for purposes of this Agreement and waives any right to challenge the exercise of personal jurisdiction or venue in connection with any action brought pursuant to this Agreement. This arbitration provision shall be binding upon the past, present, and future agents, employees, and representatives of the parties. XVII. Termination The Dealer will suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Company or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Company or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice. Such termination shall be effective 48 hours after the mailing of such notice. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to the Dealer, and any such amendment shall be deemed accepted by the Dealer at such time as the Dealer places an order for sale of Shares after the Dealer has received such notice. The respective agreements and obligations of the Dealer Manager and the Dealer set forth in Sections IV, VI, VII, and XVI through XIX of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 12 

XVIII. Notice All notices will be in writing and will be duly given to the Dealer Manager when mailed to 1200 17 th Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202, and to the Dealer when mailed to the address specified by the Dealer herein. XIX. Attorney s Fees and Applicable Law In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Colorado and shall take effect when signed by the Dealer and countersigned by the Dealer Manager. Venue for any action (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in Denver, Colorado. 
 13 

THE DEALER MANAGER 

ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC By: Signature Name: Title: Date: 
 
 I- 1 

We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. We hereby represent that the list below of jurisdictions in which we are registered or licensed as a broker or dealer and are fully authorized to sell securities is true and correct, and we agree to advise you of any change in such list during the term of this Agreement. 1. Identity of Selected Dealer 
 Company Name: Type of entity: (Corporation, Partnership or Proprietorship) Organized in the State of: Licensed as broker dealer all States: Yes No If no, list all States licensed as broker dealer: Tax ID #: 
 
 2. Person To Receive Notices Delivered Pursuant To Section XVIII: 
 Name: Company: Address: City, State and Zip: Telephone: Fax: Email: 
 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY THE DEALER: (Dealer s Firm Name) By: Signature Name: Title: Date: 

 I- 2 

SCHEDULE 1 TO SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT WITH ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC NAME OF ISSUER : ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NAME OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER : SCHEDULE 1 TO AGREEMENT DATED : The following reflects the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Distribution Fees as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer, effective as of the effective date of the Selected Dealer Agreement (the Agreement between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer in connection with the Offering of Shares of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company ). Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees . Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales (as defined below) by the Dealer of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares that the Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by the Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to the Dealer an upfront selling commission in an amount up to the percentage of the offering price per share set forth under Share Class Election in this Schedule 1 on such completed sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares, as applicable, by the Dealer. The Dealer shall not receive selling commissions for sales of any DRIP shares, or for sales of any Class I-PR shares, whether in the primary offering or pursuant to the DRIP. For purposes of this Schedule 1 , a completed sale shall occur if and only if a transaction has closed with a subscriber for Shares pursuant to all applicable offering and subscription documents, payment for the Shares has been received by the Company in full in the manner provided in Section II of the Agreement, the Company has accepted the Eligibility Form of such subscriber and the Company has thereafter distributed the selling commission and dealer manager fee, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager in connection with such transaction. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales by the Dealer of Class S-PR Primary Shares that the Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by the Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to the Dealer a dealer manager fee in an amount up to the percentage set forth below of the offering price per share on such completed sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares by the Dealer. The Dealer shall not receive dealer manager fees for sales of any DRIP Shares, or for sales of any Class D-PR shares or Class I-PR shares, whether in the primary offering or pursuant to the DRIP. The Dealer may withhold the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which it is entitled pursuant to the Agreement, this Schedule 1 and the Memorandum from the purchase price for the Shares in the Offering and forward the balance to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Eligibility Form if it represents to the Dealer Manager that: (i) the Dealer is legally permitted to do so; and (ii) (A) the Dealer meets all applicable net capital requirements under the rules of FINRA or other applicable rules regarding such an arrangement; (B) the Dealer has forwarded the Eligibility Form to the 
 I- 3 

Company or its agent within the time required under Section II, and received the Company s written acceptance of the subscription prior to forwarding the purchase price for the Shares, net of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which the Dealer is entitled, to the Company or its agent; and (C) the Dealer has verified that there are sufficient funds in the investor s account with the Dealer to cover the entire cost of the subscription. The Dealer shall wire such subscription funds to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Eligibility Form by the end of the second business day following the Company s acceptance of the subscription. The Dealer shall be responsible for implementing the volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or as otherwise provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum. Requests to combine purchase orders of Class S-PR shares as a part of a combined order for the purpose of qualifying for discounts as described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum must be made in writing by the Dealer, and any resulting reduction in selling commissions will be prorated among the separate subscribers. Terms and Conditions of the Distribution Fees . The payment of the Distribution Fee to the Dealer is subject to terms and conditions set forth herein and the Memorandum as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. If the Dealer elects to sell Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, eligibility to receive the Distribution Fee with respect to the Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, sold by the Dealer in the primary offering is conditioned upon the Dealer acting as broker-dealer of record with respect to such Shares. The Dealer hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with the above requirement. The Dealer agrees to promptly notify the Dealer Manager if it is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to some or all of the Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares giving rise to such Distribution Fees. Subject to the conditions described herein, the Dealer Manager will reallow to the Dealer the Distribution Fee in an amount described below, on Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, sold by the Dealer in the primary offering. To the extent payable, the Distribution Fee will be payable monthly in arrears as provided in the Memorandum. All determinations regarding the total amount and rate of reallowance of the Distribution Fee, the Dealer s compliance with the listed conditions, and/or the portion retained by the Dealer Manager will be made by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Memorandum, upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Dealer is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares, then the Dealer s entitlement to the Distribution Fees related to such Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, shall cease, and the Dealer shall not receive the Distribution Fee for any portion of the month in which the Dealer is not the broker dealer of record on the last day of the month; provided, however, if the change in the broker dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares is made in connection with a change in the registration of record for such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares on the Company s books and records (including, but not limited to, a re-registration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Dealer shall be entitled to a pro rata portion of the Distribution Fees related to such Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, for the portion of the month for which the Dealer was the broker dealer of record. 
 I- 4 

Thereafter, such Distribution Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement and such Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Dealer is not entitled to any Distribution Fee with respect to Class I-PR shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Distribution Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. The Company and the Dealer Manager will cease paying the Distribution Fee with respect to individual Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares when they are no longer outstanding, including as a result of conversion to Class I-PR shares described below. Each Class S-PR share or Class D-PR share held within a stockholder s account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I-PR shares at the Applicable Conversion Rate set forth in the Memorandum on the earliest of (a) a listing of any shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange and (b) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. General Selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Distribution Fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Dealer within 30 days after receipt of such fees by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize the Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions, dealer manager fees, Distribution Fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the Dealer so elects, the Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the foregoing selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee are not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of securities similar to the Shares, that the Dealer s interest in the Offering is limited to such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee, as applicable, from the Dealer Manager and the Dealer s indemnity referred to in Section 6 of the Dealer Manager Agreement, and that the Company is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee to the Dealer. Except as otherwise described under Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees above, the Dealer waives any and all rights to receive compensation, including the dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee, until it is paid to and received by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer acknowledges and agrees that, if the Company pays selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager, the Company is relieved of any obligation for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, to the Dealer. The Company may rely on and use the preceding acknowledgement as a defense against any claim by the Dealer for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, the Company pays to the Dealer Manager but that the Dealer Manager fails to remit to the Dealer. The Dealer affirms that the Dealer Manager s liability for selling commissions and dealer manager fees payable and the Distribution Fee is limited solely to the 
 I- 5 

proceeds of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Distribution Fee, as applicable, received by the Dealer Manager from the Company associated with the Dealer s sale of the applicable Shares, and the Dealer hereby waives any and all rights to receive payment of selling commissions or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Distribution Fee, as applicable, due until such time as the Dealer Manager is in receipt of the selling commission, dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee, as applicable, from the Company. Notwithstanding the above, the Dealer affirms that, to the extent the Dealer retains selling commissions and/or dealer manager fees as described above under Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees, neither the Company nor the Dealer Manager shall have liability for selling commissions or dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer, and that the Dealer is solely responsible for retaining the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, as applicable, due to the Dealer from the subscription funds received by the Dealer from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Due Diligence In addition, as set forth in the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager or, in certain cases at the option of the Company, the Company, will pay or reimburse the Dealer for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by the Dealer in connection with the Offering. Such due diligence expenses may include travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Dealer and its personnel when visiting the Company s offices or properties to verify information relating to the Company or its properties. The Dealer shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses and shall obtain the prior written approval from the Dealer Manager for such expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice. All such reimbursements will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Memorandum, FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations. Share Class Election CHECK EACH APPLICABLE BOX BELOW IF THE DEALER ELECTS TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE LISTED SHARE CLASS Class S-PR Shares Class D-PR Shares Class I-PR Shares The following reflects the selling commission, dealer manager fee and/or the Distribution Fee as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer for the applicable Share class. Class S-PR Shares ________ (Initials) Upfront Selling Commission of up to 2.0 of the offering price per Class S-PR share sold in the primary offering By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class S-PR shares. 

 I- 6 

Please insert Dealer s upfront selling commission percentage: _____ Total selling commissions and dealer manager fees may not exceed 4.5 . ________ (Initials) Upfront Dealer Manager Fee of up to 2.5 of the offering price per Class S-PR share sold in the primary offering Please insert Dealer s upfront dealer manager fee percentage: _____ Total selling commissions and dealer manager fees may not exceed 4.5 . By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class S-PR shares. ________ (Initials) Distribution Fee of 0.85 (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S-PR shares sold in the primary offering By initialing here, the Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Distribution Fee set forth in this Schedule 1 . Should the Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Distribution Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. Class D-PR Shares ________ (Initials) Upfront Selling Commission of up to 1.5 of the offering price per Class D-PR share sold in the primary offering Please insert Dealer s upfront selling commission percentage: _____ By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class D-PR shares. ________ (Initials) Distribution Fee of 0.25 (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class D-PR By initialing here, the Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Distribution Fee set forth in this Schedule 1 . Should the 

 I- 7 

shares sold in the primary offering Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Distribution Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. 
 Subject to discounts described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum. DEALER MANAGER ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC 

By: Name: Title: 
 DEALER 

(Print Name of Dealer) By: Name: Title: 
 
 I- 8 

SCHEDULE 2 TO SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT WITH ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC NAME OF ISSUER : ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NAME OF DEALER : SCHEDULE 2 TO AGREEMENT DATED : The Dealer hereby authorizes the Dealer Manager or its agent to deposit upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, distribution fees, reallowances and other payments due to it pursuant to the Selected Dealer Agreement in the manner specified below. This authority will remain in force until the Dealer notifies the Dealer Manager in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Dealer Manager deposits funds erroneously into the Dealer s account, the Dealer Manager is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to the Dealer for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit. Payment Type Upfront Selling Commissions/Dealer Manager Fees Distribution Fees Other If there are different instructions for each payment type, please complete a separate form for each payment instruction. Payment Method Check Mailing Address:___________________________ Attention:_________________________________ City:________________ State: __________ Zip: ____________ ACH ABA Number:________________________________ Bank Name:__________________________________ Account Number:______________________________ Reference: _____________________________________ Mailing Address:_________________________________ City:___________________ State:________________ Zip:_____________ 
 II- 1 

Payment Backup Hard Copy Mail to address listed above Mail to a different address: Mailing address: __________________________________________ City:_________________ State:______________ Zip:_____________ Internet Dealer Commission (IDC) Please go to www.dstidc.com to sign up for access to commission files. If you have any questions regarding commissions, please contact Amber Wallner at 303.226.4856. 
 II- 2 

Exhibit A Dealer Manager Agreement (Attached) 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 aire-20240930xex10d3.htm
 EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (2024) among ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC., AIREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP and ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT LLC 

Table of Contents 1. DEFINITIONS 1 
 2. APPOINTMENT 10 
 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR 10 
 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR 16 
 5. BANK ACCOUNTS 16 
 6. RECORDS; ACCESS 17 
 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES 17 
 8. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS 17 
 9. FEES 17 
 10. EXPENSES 21 
 11. OTHER SERVICES 23 
 12. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISOR 23 
 13. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR 24 
 14. TERM; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 25 
 15. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES 25 
 16. ASSIGNMENT 25 
 17. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISOR UPON TERMINATION 25 
 18. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE CORPORATION AND THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP 26 
 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISOR 26 
 20. NOTICES 26 
 21. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY 27 
 22. MODIFICATION 27 
 23. SEVERABILITY 27 
 24. CONSTRUCTION 27 
 25. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 27 
 26. INDULGENCES, NOT WAIVERS 27 
 27. GENDER 28 
 28. TITLES NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION 28 
 29. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS 28 
 30. INITIAL INVESTMENT 28 

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (2024) (the Agreement ), dated and effective as of August 2, 2024, is among Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), AIREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), and Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ). W I T N E S S E T H WHEREAS, the Corporation intends to continue to qualify as a REIT (as defined below), and to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code (as defined below); WHEREAS, the Corporation is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and intends to continue to conduct its business and make investments in Assets primarily through the Operating Partnership; WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Operating Partnership desire to avail themselves of the experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities of the Advisor and to have the Advisor undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board of Directors of the Corporation, all as provided herein; WHEREAS, the Advisor is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; WHEREAS, the Corporation, the Operating Partnership and the Advisor, are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2024), dated as of April 30, 2024 (the Prior Agreement ), which is amended and restated in its entirety hereby; and WHEREAS, the Corporation, the Operating Partnership and the Advisor desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in order to revise certain terms of the Prior Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated: Acquisition Expenses . Any and all expenses, exclusive of Acquisition Fees, incurred by the Corporation, the Operating Partnership, the Advisor, or any of their Affiliates in connection with the selection, acquisition, development or origination of any Asset, whether or not acquired, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, nonrefundable option payments on property not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, title insurance, and the costs of performing due diligence. For purposes of this definition, Asset means any asset that is related to or which represents a direct or indirect interest in Real Property, Mortgages or other Real Property-related debt, whether owned directly, indirectly or through a Joint Venture or other co-ownership relationship. Acquisition Fees . Any and all fees and commissions, exclusive of Acquisition Expenses, paid by any Person to any other Person (including any fees or commissions paid by or to any 
 1 

Affiliate of the Corporation, the Operating Partnership or the Advisor) in connection with (i) the acquisition, development or construction of a Property, (ii) the acquisition of interests in a real estate related entity or (iii) making or investing, directly or indirectly, in Mortgages or the origination or acquisition of other Real Property-related debt or other investments, related to or which represent a direct or indirect interest in Real Property Mortgages or other Real Property-related debt whether owned directly, indirectly or through a Joint Venture or other co-ownership relationship, including real estate commissions, selection fees, development fees, construction fees, if any, nonrecurring management fees, loan fees, points or any other fees of a similar nature. Excluded shall be development fees and construction fees paid to any Person not affiliated with the Sponsor in connection with the actual development and construction of a project. Advisor . Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, any successor advisor to the Corporation, the Operating Partnership or any person or entity to which Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC or any successor advisor subcontracts substantially all of its functions. Notwithstanding the forgoing, a Person hired or retained by Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC to perform property and securities management and related services for the Corporation or the Operating Partnership that is not hired or retained to perform substantially all of the functions of Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC with respect to the Corporation or the Operating Partnership as a whole shall not be deemed to be an Advisor. Advisory Fee . The fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to Paragraph 9(a). Affiliate or Affiliated . With respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person ten percent (10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (v) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. Annual Total Return Amount . The overall investment return, expressed as a dollar amount per OP Unit, which shall be equal to the sum of (1) the Weighted-Average Distributions per OP Unit over the applicable period, and (2) the Ending VPU, adjusted to remove the negative impact on the overall investment return from the payment or obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the Performance Component and Class-Specific Fees, less the Beginning VPU. Asset . Any Property, Mortgage, other debt or other investment (other than investments in bank accounts, money market funds or other current assets) owned by the Corporation, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates. Average Invested Assets . For a specified period, the average of the aggregate book value of the Assets invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in and loans secured by or related to real estate (including, without limitation, equity interests in REITs, mortgage pools, commercial mortgage-backed securities, mezzanine loans and residential mortgage-backed securities), before 
 2 

deducting depreciation, bad debts or other non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of such values at the end of each month during such period. Beginning VPU . The VPU determined as of the end of the most recent month prior to the commencement of the applicable period. Board of Directors or Board . The persons holding such office, as of any particular time, under the Charter of the Corporation, whether they be the Directors named therein or additional or successor Directors. Bylaws . The bylaws of the Corporation, as the same are in effect from time to time. Cause . With respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct or willful misconduct by the Advisor, or a material breach of this Agreement by the Advisor, which has not been cured within 30 days of such breach. Charter . The amended and restated articles of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended from time to time. Class-Specific Fees . Any Distribution Fee expenses accrued or allocated directly or indirectly to a particular class of OP Units or Shares. Code . Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. Contract Purchase Price . The term Contract Purchase Price shall mean (i) the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of the acquisition of a Property, (ii) the Corporation s proportionate share of the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of the Real Property owned by any real estate related entity in which the Corporation acquires a majority economic interest or which the Corporation consolidates for financial reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (iii) the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of an investment in any other real estate related entity or (iv) the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of the origination or acquisition of Mortgages, other debt investments or other investments; in each case including any third party expenses, debt, whether borrowed or assumed, and exclusive of Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses. Corporation . Corporation shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Dealer Manager . Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC or such other Person or entity selected by the Board of Directors to act as the dealer manager for any Offering or private placement of Shares. Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC is a member of FINRA. Dealer Manager Fee . The dealer manager fee payable to the Dealer Manager for serving as the dealer manager for any Offering and reallowable to Soliciting Dealers with respect to Shares sold by them, as described in the Corporation s Prospectus. Development Fee . The fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to Paragraph 9(b). 
 3 

Development Oversight Services . Services related to the oversight of the provision of Development Services by third parties with respect to Development Real Properties. Development Real Properties . Real Properties for which the Advisor provides Development Services or Development Oversight Services, either in connection with the acquisition of such Real Properties (including, without limitation, forward commitment acquisitions), the stabilization of such Real Properties (including, without limitation, development or value add transactions), or both. Development Services . Services related to the development, construction, improvement or stabilization, including tenant improvements, of Development Real Properties. Director . A member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Disposition Expenses . Any and all expenses incurred by the Corporation, the Operating Partnership, the Advisor, or any of their Affiliates in connection with the disposition of any Asset, whether or not finally sold, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses and accounting fees and expenses. Distribution Fee . The distribution fee or any similar ongoing fee (as distinguished from upfront or one-time selling commissions and fees) payable to the Dealer Manager pursuant to the then-current dealer manager agreement between the Corporation and the Dealer Manager. Distributions . Any distributions of money or other property by the Corporation to owners of Shares, including distributions that may constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. DST Properties . Real properties that meet the following criteria: (i) tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in such properties have been sold by the Corporation or any Affiliate to third party investors and (ii) such properties are being leased by the Corporation or any Affiliate from the tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust third party investors. DST Property Consideration . The consideration received by the Corporation or any Affiliate for selling tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties to third party investors, net of DST Up Front Fees. DST Up Front Fees . Up front fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross sale proceeds from the sale of tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties, including but not limited to sales commissions, dealer manager fees and non-accountable expense allowances. Ending VPU . The VPU as of the end of the last month in the applicable period. Equity Shares . Transferable shares of beneficial interest of the Corporation of any class or series, including common shares or preferred shares. Excess Amount . Excess Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 12. 
 4 

Fixed Component . The non-variable component of the Advisory Fee as described in Paragraph 9. FINRA . Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Fund Interests . The total outstanding Shares and outstanding OP Units that are held by parties other than the Corporation. GAAP . Generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. Good Reason . With respect to the termination of this Agreement, (i) any failure to obtain a satisfactory agreement from any successor to the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership to assume and agree to perform the Corporation s and/or the Operating Partnership s obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any uncured material breach of this Agreement of any nature whatsoever by the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership that remains uncured for 30 days after written notice of such material breach has been provided to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership by the Advisor. Gross Proceeds . The aggregate purchase price of all Shares sold for the account of the Corporation through all Offerings, without deduction for Sales Commissions, Dealer Manager Fees, Distribution Fees, volume discounts, any marketing support and due diligence expense reimbursement or other Organization and Offering Expenses. For the purpose of computing Gross Proceeds, the purchase price of any Share for which reduced Sales Commissions or Dealer Manager Fees are paid to the Dealer Manager or a Soliciting Dealer (where net proceeds to the Corporation are not reduced) shall be deemed to be the full amount of the offering price per Share pursuant to the Prospectus for such Offering without reduction. Hurdle Amount . For the applicable period, an amount equal to 5.0 of the Beginning VPU. Independent Director . Independent Director shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. Independent Expert . A person or entity with no material current or prior business or personal relationship with the Advisor or the Directors and who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Corporation. Independent Valuation Advisor . A firm that is (i) engaged to a substantial degree in the business of conducting valuations on commercial real estate properties, (ii) not affiliated with the Advisor and (iii) engaged by the Corporation with the approval of the Board to appraise the Real Properties or other assets or liabilities pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. Joint Ventures . The joint venture, co-investment, co-ownership or partnership arrangements (other than arrangements between the Corporation and the Operating Partnership) in which the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries is a co-venturer, co-owner or general partner which are established to acquire or hold Assets. Liquidity Event . The term Liquidity Event shall include, but shall not be limited to, (i) a Listing, (ii) a sale, merger or other transaction in which the Stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash, securities redeemable for cash, and/or securities of a publicly traded 
 5 

company, and (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation s Assets where Stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash or other consideration. Listing . The listing or partial listing of the Shares on a national securities exchange. Loss Carryforward . An amount that equaled zero as of July 1, 2017 and shall cumulatively increase by the absolute value of any negative Annual Total Return Amount and decrease by any positive Annual Total Return Amount, provided that the Loss Carryforward shall at no time be less than zero. The effect of the Loss Carryforward is that the recoupment of past Annual Total Return Amount losses will offset the positive Annual Total Return Amount for purposes of the calculation of the Performance Component. Mortgages . In connection with mortgage financing provided, invested in, participated in or purchased by the Corporation, all of the notes, deeds of trust, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, which are secured or collateralized by Real Property owned by the borrowers under such notes, deeds of trust, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations. NASAA REIT Guidelines . The Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts as adopted by the members of the North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. on May 7, 2007, as may be amended from time to time. NAV . Net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. NAV Calculations . The calculations used to determine the NAV of the Corporation, the Shares, the Operating Partnership and the OP Units, all as provided in the Valuation Procedures. Net Income . For any period, the Corporation s total revenues applicable to such period, less the total expenses applicable to such period other than additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of the Corporation s Assets. Offering . A public offering of Shares pursuant to a Prospectus. Operating Partnership . Operating Partnership shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Operating Partnership Agreement . The Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement among the Corporation as general partner, and the limited partners thereto. OP Unit . Units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, other than the Special OP Units. Organization and Offering Expenses . Any and all cumulative costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Corporation, including amounts reimbursable to the Advisor and its Affiliates pursuant to Paragraph 10(a)(i) hereof, in connection with the formation of the Corporation and the qualification and registration of all of the Corporation s Offerings, and the marketing and distribution of Shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), expenses for printing and amending registration statements or supplementing prospectuses, 
 6 

mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositories and experts and fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and qualification of the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including accountants and attorneys fees. Performance Component . The variable component of the Advisory Fee as described in Paragraph 9. Person . An individual, corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity. Private Organization and Offering Expenses . Any and all cumulative costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, including amounts reimbursable to the Advisor and its Affiliates pursuant and subject to Paragraph 10(a)(ii) hereof, in connection with the formation of any subsidiaries of the Corporation and the qualification of any private placements of Shares or other securities conducted by the Corporation or any of such subsidiaries and the subsequent marketing and distribution of such securities, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), expenses for printing and amending or supplementing private placement memoranda, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositories and experts and fees, expenses and taxes related to the qualification of the sale of the Securities under federal and state laws, including accountants and attorneys fees. Property or Properties . All or a portion of the Real Property or Real Properties acquired by the Corporation, directly or indirectly through joint venture or co-ownership arrangements or other partnership or investment entities. Property Accounting Fee . The fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to Paragraph 9(c). Property Accounting Services . Services related to accounting for Real Property operations and considered property accounting in the real estate industry. Such services generally include the maintenance of the Real Property s books and records in accordance with GAAP and the Corporation s policies, procedures, and internal controls, in a timely manner, and the processing of Real Property-related cash receipts and disbursements. Examples include, but are not limited to, lease administration, monthly tenant billing and collections, rental revenue accounting, accounting for doubtful accounts, preparing rental expense recovery estimates and reconciliations, recording rental expenses, processing rental expense invoices and tenant reimbursement payments, accounting and budgeting for capital improvement projects, preparing and reviewing operating budgets, assisting in reporting and cash management for loan compliance purposes, and preparing account reconciliations and operating reports. Property accounting services do not include corporate-level accounting services such as, for example, consolidation, accounting and reporting analysis, and quality control reviews of accounting and reporting of third-party property accountants to ensure the accuracy, timeliness, and consistency 
 7 

of property accounting results. Property Accounting Services also do not include financial systems and software and consultants related thereto. Prospectus . Prospectus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including a preliminary Prospectus, an offering circular as described in Rule 256 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act or, in the case of an intrastate offering, any document by whatever name known, utilized for the purpose of offering and selling securities to the public. Real Property . Land, rights in land (including leasehold interests), and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment located on or used in connection with land and rights or interests in land. Properties sold by the Corporation or any Affiliate to investors in tenancy-in-common interests (or pursuant to a Delaware statutory trust), beneficial interests in Delaware statutory trusts, and or similar interests shall be deemed Real Property for the purposes of this definition so long as (i) such properties are being leased by the Corporation or any Affiliate from the tenancy-in-common (or Delaware statutory trust) investors, and (ii) such properties are reflected as Assets of the Corporation in accordance with GAAP. DST Properties shall also be deemed Real Property for the purposes of this definition. REIT . A real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or as may be amended. Sales Commission . A percentage of Gross Proceeds from the sale of primary Shares in any Offering (not including Shares sold pursuant to the Corporation s distribution reinvestment plan) payable to the Dealer Manager and reallowable to Soliciting Dealers with respect to Shares sold by them. Securities . The term Securities shall mean any of the following, as the text requires: Equity Shares, any other stock, shares or other evidences of equity or beneficial or other interests, voting trust certificates, bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, guarantees of, or warrants, options or rights to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing. Share Redemption Program . The Corporation s share redemption program, as amended from time to time. Shares . The shares of the common stock of the Corporation. Soliciting Dealers . Broker-dealers who are members of FINRA, or that are exempt from broker-dealer registration, and who, in either case, have executed selected dealer or other agreements with the Dealer Manager to sell Shares. Special OP Units . The separate series of limited partnership interests designated as Special Partnership Units in the Operating Partnership Agreement. Sponsor . Any Person which (i) is directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part, the Corporation, (ii) will control, manage or participate in the management of the Corporation, and any Affiliate of any such Person, (iii) takes the initiative, directly or indirectly, in founding or organizing the Corporation, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other 
 8 

Persons, (iv) receives a material participation in the Corporation in connection with the founding or organizing of the business of the Corporation, in consideration of services or property, or both services and property, (v) has a substantial number of relationships and contacts with the Corporation, (vi) possesses significant rights to control Properties, (vii) receives fees for providing services to the Corporation which are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry, or (viii) provides goods or services to the Corporation on a basis which was not negotiated at arm s-length with the Corporation. Sponsor does not include any Person whose only relationship with the Corporation is that of an independent property manager and whose only compensation is as such, or wholly independent third parties such as attorneys, accountants and underwriters whose only compensation is for professional services. Stockholders . The registered holders of the Corporation s Shares. Termination Date . The date of termination of this Agreement. Total Operating Expenses . All costs and expenses paid or incurred by the Corporation, as determined under generally accepted accounting principles, that are in any way related to the operation of the Corporation or to corporate business, including the Advisory Fee and other operating fees paid to the Advisor, but excluding (i) the expenses of raising capital such as Organization and Offering Expenses and Private Organization and Offering Expenses, (ii) interest payments, (iii) taxes, (iv) non-cash expenditures such as depreciation, amortization and bad debt reserves, (v) incentive fees, (vi) Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses, (vii) real estate commissions on the sale of Property, (viii) distributions made with respect to interests in the Operating Partnership, and (ix) other fees and expenses connected with the acquisition, disposition, management and ownership of real estate interests, mortgage loans or other property (including the costs of foreclosure, insurance premiums, legal services, maintenance, repair, and improvement of property). Notwithstanding the definition set forth above, any expense of the Corporation which is not part of Total Operating Expenses under the NASAA REIT Guidelines shall not be treated as part of Total Operating Expenses for purposes hereof. Total Project Cost . With regard to any Real Property acquired prior to or during the development, construction or improvement stages, all hard and soft costs and expenses paid or incurred by or on behalf of the Corporation that are in any way related to the development, construction, improvement or stabilization (including tenant improvements) of such Real Property, including, but not limited to, any debt, whether borrowed or assumed, land and construction costs. Unitholders . The holders of OP Units. Valuation Procedures . The valuation procedures adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. VPU . Average value per OP Unit, which on any given date shall be equal to (i) the Operating Partnership NAV on such date, divided by (ii) the aggregate number of OP Units of all classes outstanding on such date. 
 9 

Weighted-Average Distributions per OP Unit . For a particular period of time, an amount equal to the ratio of (i) the aggregate distributions accrued in respect of all OP Units during the applicable period, divided by (ii) the weighted-average number of OP Units of all classes outstanding during the applicable period, calculated in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 2 /25 Guidelines . For any year in which the Corporation qualifies as a REIT, the requirement pursuant to the NASAA REIT Guidelines that, in any 12 month period, Total Operating Expenses not exceed the greater of 2 of the Corporation s Average Invested Assets during such 12 month period or 25 of the Corporation s Net Income over the same 12 month period. 2. APPOINTMENT . The Corporation and the Operating Partnership hereby appoint the Advisor to serve as their advisor on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Advisor hereby accepts such appointment. 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR . The Advisor undertakes to use its reasonable efforts to present to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership potential investment opportunities and to provide a continuing and suitable investment program consistent with the investment objectives and policies of the Corporation as determined and adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Advisor is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act and undertakes to perform its duties consistent with applicable law. In performance of these undertakings, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors and consistent with the provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws and the Operating Partnership Agreement, the Advisor shall, either directly or by engaging an Affiliated or non-Affiliated Person: (a) Fee-related Services . (i) The following services shall be provided by the Advisor or one of its Affiliates in consideration of the fees described in Paragraph 9(a) of this Agreement, subject to reimbursement for expenses as provided in Paragraph 10 and Paragraph 12, or as otherwise provided under this Agreement: (1) participate in formulating an investment strategy and asset allocation framework consistent with achieving our investment objectives; (2) monitor the operating performance of the investments of the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership; (3) oversee the leasing activities of the Corporation s portfolio including but not limited to negotiations with prospective and existing tenants and leasing arrangements with Affiliated and non-Affiliated leasing brokers; (4) oversee Affiliated and non-Affiliated property managers who perform property management services for the Corporation or the 
 10 

Operating Partnership; and (5) oversee and negotiate service contracts for the Corporation s Real Properties. (ii) Development Services . The Advisor may provide Development Services or Development Oversight Services with respect Development Real Properties. The Advisor shall provide such Development Services in consideration for the Development Fee described in Paragraph 9(b). (iii) Property Accounting Services. The Advisor may provide Property Accounting Services with respect to any Real Property owned by the Corporation or Real Property in which the Corporation otherwise has an interest, such as through a joint venture. The Advisor shall provide such Property Accounting Services in consideration for the fee described in Paragraph 9(c). (b) Non Fee-Related Services . The following services shall be provided by the Advisor or one of its Affiliates without consideration in the form of a separate fee, subject to reimbursement for expenses as provided in Paragraph 10 and Paragraph 12, or as otherwise provided under this Agreement: 
 (i) Organizational and Offering Services . (1) manage and supervise any Offering or private placement of Shares and any other private placements of securities, including but not limited to OP Units, tenancy-in-common interests, Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties, or other interests in Real Properties as may be approved by the Board, including, without limitation: (A) develop the product offering, including the determination of the specific terms of the Securities to be offered, prepare all offering and related documents, and obtain all required regulatory approvals; (B) along with the Dealer Manager, approve the participating broker dealers and negotiate the related selling agreements; (C) coordinate the due diligence process for participating broker dealers and their review of any Prospectus, private placement memorandum and other Offering, private placement and Corporation documents; (D) assist in the preparation and approval of all marketing materials contemplated to be used by the Dealer Manager or others in any Offering or private placement; (E) along with the Dealer Manager, negotiate and coordinate with the transfer agent for the receipt, collection, processing and acceptance of subscription agreements and other administrative support functions; and (F) manage and supervise all other services related to the organization of the Corporation, the Operating Partnership, an Offering or a private placement. 
 11 

(ii) Acquisition and Disposition Services . (1) serve as the Corporation s and the Operating Partnership s investment and financial advisor and, as reasonably appropriate under the circumstances, provide research and economic and statistical data in connection with the Corporation s assets and investment policies; (2) subject to any required Board or Board committee approval, (A) locate, analyze and select potential investments, (B) structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant to which investments will be made; (C) make investments on behalf of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership in compliance with the investment objectives and policies of the Corporation; (D) oversee the due diligence process; (E) arrange for financing and refinancing and make other changes in the asset or capital structure of, and dispose of, reinvest the proceeds from the sale of, or otherwise deal with, investments; and (F) enter into leases and service contracts for Properties and, to the extent necessary, perform all other operational functions for the maintenance and administration of such Properties; (3) upon request, provide the Board of Directors with periodic reports regarding prospective investments; (4) make investments in and dispositions of Assets within the discretionary limits and authority as granted by the Board; (5) obtain reports (which may but are not required to be prepared by the Advisor or its Affiliates), where appropriate, concerning the value of investments or contemplated investments of the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership in Assets; (6) notify and obtain the prior approval of the Board of Directors, any particular Directors specified by the Board or, if specified in a resolution or policy adopted by the Board, any committee of the Board or the Advisor, for any investments in Real Properties; and (7) notify and obtain the approval of a majority of the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) for all affiliated transactions before such transactions are completed. (iii) Financing Services . (1) consult with the officers and Board of Directors of the Corporation and assist the Board of Directors in the formulation and implementation of the Corporation s financial policies, and, as necessary, furnish the Board of Directors with advice and 
 12 

recommendations with respect to the making of investments consistent with the investment objectives and policies of the Corporation and in connection with any borrowings proposed to be undertaken by the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership; and (2) negotiate on behalf of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership with banks or lenders for loans to be made to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership, and negotiate on behalf of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership with investment banking firms and broker-dealers or negotiate private sales of Shares and the Corporation s Securities or obtain loans for the Corporation and the Operating Partnership, but in no event in such a way so that the Advisor shall be acting as broker-dealer or underwriter; and provided, further, that any fees and costs payable to third parties incurred by the Advisor in connection with the foregoing shall be the responsibility of the Corporation or the Operating Partnership. 
 13 

(iv) Accounting and Administrative Services . (1) provide the daily management for the Corporation and the Operating Partnership and perform and supervise the various administrative functions reasonably necessary for the management of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, including, without limitation: (A) provide or arrange for administrative services and items, legal and other services, office space, office furnishings, personnel and other items necessary and incidental to the Corporation s business and operations; (B) maintain accounting data and any other information requested concerning the activities of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership as shall be required to prepare and to file all periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any other regulatory agency, including annual financial statements; (C) oversee tax and compliance services and risk management services and coordinate with appropriate third parties, including independent accountants and other consultants, on related tax matters; (D) consult with and assist the Board of Directors in evaluating and obtaining adequate insurance coverage based upon risk management determinations; (E) provide the Board of Directors with updates related to the overall regulatory environment affecting the Corporation and the Operating Partnership, as well as managing compliance with such matters; (F) consult with the Board of Directors with respect to the corporate governance structure and appropriate policies and procedures related thereto; (G) oversee all reporting, record keeping, internal controls and similar matters in a manner to allow the Corporation and the Operating Partnership to comply with applicable law, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (2) provide the Corporation and the Operating Partnership with all necessary cash management services; (3) implement and coordinate the processes with respect to the NAV Calculations, and in connection therewith, obtain appraisals performed by an Independent Valuation Advisor concerning the value of the Real Properties; (4) supervise one or more Independent Valuation Advisors and, if and when necessary, recommend to the Board its replacement; and (5) deliver to or maintain on behalf of the Corporation copies of all appraisals obtained in connection with the investments in Real Properties and all valuations of other Assets as may be required to be obtained by the Board. 
 14 

(v) Stockholder Services . (1) manage communications with Stockholders and OP Unitholders, including answering phone calls, preparing and sending written and electronic reports and other communications; (2) establish technology infrastructure to assist in providing Stockholder and OP Unitholder support and service; and (3) manage and coordinate with the transfer agent the quarterly dividend process and payments to Stockholders. (vi) Other Services . (1) oversee the development, construction and improvement, including tenant improvements, of Real Properties (including DST Properties) other than Development Real Properties by third parties on behalf of the Corporation, which oversight services shall be deemed separate and not included in any of the services set forth in Section 3(a)(ii) above; (2) oversee and monitor third-party engineers, facility managers and property managers with regard to the effective building operations and maintenance of our Real Properties (including DST Properties); (3) investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership, engage and conduct business with such Persons as the Advisor deems necessary to the proper performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to consultants, accountants, correspondents, lenders, technical advisors, attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for collection, insurers, insurance agents, banks, builders, developers, property owners, real estate management companies, real estate operating companies, securities investment advisors, mortgagors, and any and all agents for any of the foregoing, including Affiliates of the Advisor, and Persons acting in any other capacity deemed by the Advisor necessary or desirable for the performance of any of the foregoing services, including but not limited to entering into contracts in the name of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership with any of the foregoing; (4) from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board of Directors, make reports to the Board of Directors of its performance of services to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership under this Agreement, including reports with respect to potential conflicts of interest involving the Advisor or any of its 
 15 

Affiliates; and (5) do all other things reasonably necessary to assure its ability to render the services described in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advisor may delegate any or all of the foregoing duties to any Person so long as the Advisor or any Affiliate remains responsible for the performance of the duties set forth in this Paragraph 3, subject to the prior consent of the Corporation if all or substantially all of such duties are delegated to a Person that is not an Affiliate. Further, the Advisor or any Affiliate may provide internal legal services, either directly to the Corporation or as oversight of the Corporation s outside counsel, which internal legal services shall be deemed separate and not included in the services set forth above. 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR (a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in Paragraph 3, this Paragraph 4 and in Paragraph 7), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board of Directors over the management of the Corporation, the Board of Directors hereby delegates to the Advisor the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the judgment of the Advisor, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Advisor s duties described in Paragraph 3. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any investment in Real Properties, including any acquisition of Real Property by the Corporation or the Operating Partnership (including any financing of such acquisition), will require the prior approval of the Board, any particular Directors specified by the Board or, if specified in a resolution or policy adopted by the Board, any committee of the Board or the Advisor, as the case may be. (c) In connection with a proposed transaction that requires the approval of the Independent Directors, the Advisor will deliver to the Independent Directors all documents and other information required by them to properly evaluate the proposed transaction. The prior approval of a majority of the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) will be required for each transaction to which the Advisor or its Affiliates is a party. The Board of Directors may, at any time upon the giving of written notice to the Advisor, modify or revoke the authority set forth in this Paragraph 4. If and to the extent the Board so modifies or revokes the authority contained herein, the Advisor shall henceforth submit to the Board for prior approval such proposed transactions involving investments in Assets as thereafter require prior approval, provided however, that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Advisor and shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Advisor has committed the Corporation prior to the date of receipt by the Advisor of such notification. 5. BANK ACCOUNTS The Advisor may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in the name of the Corporation, the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Corporation, the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries, under such terms and 
 16 

conditions as the Board of Directors may approve, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Advisor; and the Advisor shall from time to time render appropriate accountings of such collections and payments to the Board of Directors and to the auditors of the Corporation. 6. RECORDS; ACCESS The Advisor shall maintain appropriate records of all its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Board of Directors and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Corporation, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Advisor shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership. 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES Anything else in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Advisor shall refrain from taking any action which, in its sole judgment made in good faith, would (a) adversely affect the status of the Corporation as a REIT, (b) subject the Corporation to regulation under the Investment Corporation Act of 1940, as amended, or (c) violate any law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Corporation, its Shares or its Securities, or otherwise not be permitted by the Charter or Bylaws of the Corporation, except if such action shall be ordered by the Board of Directors, in which case the Advisor shall notify promptly the Board of Directors of the Advisor s judgment of the potential impact of such action and shall refrain from taking such action until it receives further clarification or instructions from the Board of Directors. In such event the Advisor shall have no liability for acting in accordance with the specific instructions of the Board of Directors so given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advisor, its members, managers, directors, officers, employees and stockholders, and members, managers, stockholders, directors and officers of the Advisor s Affiliates, shall not be liable to the Corporation or to the Board of Directors or stockholders for any act or omission by the Advisor, its members, managers, directors, officers or employees, or stockholders, members, managers, directors or officers of the Advisor s Affiliates taken or omitted to be taken in the performance of their duties under this Agreement except as provided in Paragraph 19 of this Agreement. 8. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS Subject to Paragraph 7 of this Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Corporation as a REIT, members, managers, directors, officers and employees of the Advisor or an Affiliate of the Advisor or any corporate parents of an Affiliate, may serve as a Director and as officers of the Corporation, except that no member, manager, director, officer or employee of the Advisor or its Affiliates who also is a Director or officer of the Corporation shall receive any compensation from the Corporation for serving as a Director or officer of the Corporation other than reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board of Directors and no such Director shall be deemed an Independent Director for purposes of satisfying the Director independence requirement set forth in the Charter. 9. FEES (a) Advisory Fee . As compensation for asset management services rendered pursuant to Paragraph 3(a)(i) hereof, the Corporation shall pay to the Advisor the Fixed Component of the Advisory Fee as set forth in this Paragraph 9(a) and the Performance Component of the Advisory Fee described in this Paragraph 9(a). Provided that this Agreement has not been terminated, the 
 17 

Performance Component shall be paid to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Advisor, in its capacity as the holder of the Special OP Units, as a performance participation interest with respect to the Special OP Units in the form of an allocation and distribution from the Operating Partnership pursuant to the Operating Partnership Agreement. At the election of the Advisor, all or a portion of the Performance Component shall be paid instead to the holder of the Special OP Units as a fee as set forth in this Paragraph 9(a). If the Advisor does not elect on or before the first day of a calendar year to have all or a portion of the Performance Component paid as a fee in cash to the holder of the Special OP Units, then the Performance Component shall be paid as a distribution on the performance participation interest to the holder of the Special OP Units. (i) The Corporation shall pay to the Advisor the Fixed Component of the Advisory Fee, in an amount equal to 1/12th of 1.25 of (a) the applicable monthly NAV per Fund Interest times the weighted-average number of Fund Interests for such month and (b) the aggregate DST Property Consideration for all DST Properties. In calculating the Fixed Component of the Advisory Fee, the Corporation uses its NAV before giving effect to monthly accruals for the Fixed and Performance Components of the Advisory Fee, Distribution Fees payable to the Dealer Manager, or distributions payable on the Corporation s outstanding Shares or OP Units held by third parties. (ii) The Advisor shall earn a Performance Component with respect to each calendar year (or partial calendar year) in which this Agreement is in effect in an amount equal to: (A) the lesser of (1) the amount equal to 12.5 of (a) the Annual Total Return Amount less (b) the Loss Carryforward, and (2) the amount equal to (x) the Annual Total Return Amount, less (y) the Loss Carryforward, less (z) the Hurdle Amount; multiplied by: (B) the weighted-average number of OP Units outstanding during the applicable year, calculated in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis; (C) provided, that the Performance Component shall at no time be less than zero. Except as described in the definition of Loss Carryforward in this Agreement, any amount by which the Annual Total Return Amount falls below the Hurdle Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods. If the Performance Component is payable pursuant to this Paragraph 9(a)(ii), the Advisor shall be entitled to such payment or distribution, as applicable, even in the event that the total percentage return to Unitholders over any longer or shorter period, or the total percentage return to any particular Unitholder over the same, longer or shorter period, has been less than the Annual Total Return Amount used to calculate the Hurdle Amount. The Advisor shall not be obligated to return any portion of any Advisory Fee paid based on the Corporation s or the Operating Partnership s subsequent performance. If the Performance Component is being calculated with respect to a year in which the Corporation completes a Liquidity Event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as 
 18 

of the end of the prior calendar year and the value per OP Unit determined in connection with such Liquidity Event. In connection with a Listing, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as of the end of the prior calendar year and an amount equal to the market value of the listed shares based upon the average closing price or, if the average closing price is not available, the average of the bid and asked prices, for the 30-day period beginning 90 days after such Listing. Upon a Liquidity Event other than a Listing, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as of the end of the prior calendar year and an amount equal to the consideration per Fund Interest received by holders of Fund Interests in connection with such Liquidity Event. (iii) The Advisory Fee will accrue monthly. The Fixed Component is payable monthly in arrears, as described in Paragraph 9(a)(i) above. The Performance Component with respect to any calendar year is payable after the completion of the NAV Calculations for December of such year. The Fixed Component shall be payable for each month in which this Agreement is in effect, even if the Agreement is in effect for a partial month. The Performance Component shall be payable for each calendar year in which this Agreement is in effect, even if the Agreement is in effect for a partial calendar year. If the Advisory Fee is payable with respect to any partial calendar month or calendar year, then the Fixed Component shall be prorated based on the number of days elapsed during any partial calendar month and the Performance Component shall be calculated based on the annualized total return amount determined using the total return achieved for the period of such partial calendar year. In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the partial period Fixed Component and Performance Component of the Advisory Fee shall be calculated and due and payable upon the Termination Date. In such event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be determined based on a good faith estimate of what the NAV Calculations would be as of the Termination Date; provided, that, if this Agreement is terminated with respect to a Liquidity Event, the Performance Component will be due and payable in connection with such Liquidity Event and the Annual Total Return Amount shall be calculated as set forth in Paragraph 9(a)(ii) above. (iv) In the event the Operating Partnership commences a liquidation of its Assets during any calendar year, the Advisor shall be paid the Advisory Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation and the Performance Component shall be calculated at the end of the liquidation period prior to the distribution of the liquidation proceeds to the Unitholders. The calculation of the Performance Component for any partial year shall be calculated consistent with the applicable provisions of Paragraphs 9(a)(ii) and 9(a)(iii) above. (v) The measurement of the change in VPU for the purpose of calculating the Annual Total Return Amount is subject to adjustment by the Board to account for any dividend, split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the Operating Partnership s capital structure or any distributions that the Board deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the Operating Partnership s net assets. (vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Paragraph 9(a), upon the triggering of a Pro-Rata Period as defined in the Share Redemption Program, payment or 
 19 

distribution of the Performance Component shall be deferred until all share redemption requests under the Share Redemption Program are satisfied. (b) Development Fee . As compensation for Development Services and Development Oversight Services rendered pursuant to Paragraph 3(a)(ii) hereof, the Advisor shall receive a Development Fee with respect to each Development Real Property. In connection with providing Development Services or Development Oversight Services, the Development Fee will be an amount that will be equal to 4.0 of Total Project Cost of such Development Real Property (or the Corporation s proportional interest therein with respect to Real Property held in Joint Ventures or other entities that are co-owned). If the Advisor engages a third party to provide Development Services directly to the Corporation, the third party shall be compensated directly by the Corporation, and the Advisor shall receive the Development Fee if it provides the Development Oversight Services. The total of all Development Fees and Acquisition Expenses paid by the Corporation with respect to any Real Property shall not exceed 6 of the Contract Purchase Price or the Total Project Cost (as applicable) of such Real Property unless Development Fees in excess of such amount are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. (c) Property Accounting Fee . As compensation for Property Accounting Services rendered pursuant to Paragraph 3(a)(iii) hereof, the Corporation shall pay the Advisor the difference between: (i) the property management fee charged with respect to each Real Property (the Property Management Fee ), which reflects the market rate for all Real Property management services, including Property Accounting Services, based on rates charged for similar properties within the region or market in which the Real Property is located, and (ii) the amount actually paid to third-party property management firms for property management services, which excludes Property Accounting Services, which fee is based on an arms-length negotiation with a third-party property management service providers (the difference between (i) and (ii), the Property Accounting Fee ). The tenant or tenants at each Real Property may reimburse the Corporation for all or a portion of the Property Management Fee. (d) Third-Party Costs . The Advisor or its Affiliates may incur third-party costs in connection with the performance of applicable services pursuant to this Agreement, which third-party costs shall be separately reimbursed pursuant to Paragraph 10 hereof. (e) Fees for other Services . The Corporation may retain certain of the Advisor s Affiliates from time to time, for services relating to its investments or its operations, which may include property management services, leasing services, corporate services, statutory services, transaction support services (including but not limited to coordinating with brokers, lawyers, accountants and other advisors, assembling relevant information, conducting financial and market analyses, and coordinating closing procedures), construction and development management, and loan management and servicing, and within one or more such categories, providing services in respect of asset and/or investment administration, accounting, technology, tax preparation, finance (including but not limited to budget preparation and preparation and maintenance of corporate models), treasury, operational coordination, risk management, insurance placement, human resources, legal and compliance, valuation and reporting-related services, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, group purchasing, healthcare, 
 20 

consulting/brokerage, capital markets/credit origination, property, title and/or other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational matters. Any fees paid to the Advisor s affiliates for any such services will not reduce the Advisory Fees. Any such arrangements will be at market rates or reimbursement of costs. (f) Loans from Affiliates . The Advisor or any Affiliate thereof may not make any loan to the Corporation or the Operating Partnership unless a majority of the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) approve the loan as being fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to the Corporation or the Operating Partnership than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties. (g) Exclusion of Certain Transactions . In the event the Corporation or the Operating Partnership shall propose to enter into any transaction with the Sponsor, the Advisor, a Director or any Affiliate thereof, then such transaction shall be approved by a majority of the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) as fair and reasonable to the Corporation. (h) Payment in Shares or OP Units . The fees due under this Paragraph 9 shall be paid in cash; provided, however, that in lieu of cash, the Advisor may elect to receive the payment of the fees due under this Paragraph 9 in any class of Shares or OP Units. Any such Shares or OP Units shall be valued at the NAV per share applicable to such Shares or OP Units on the issue date. Such shares shall not be subject to any early redemption deduction under the Corporation s share redemption programs. (i) Equity Compensation . The Corporation has adopted equity incentive plans, which are administered by the Board of Directors, including the Independent Directors, pursuant to which the Corporation makes certain equity awards to the Independent Directors as well as to advisors, consultants, and employees of the Advisor and its Affiliates. Awards are granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 10. EXPENSES (a) In addition to the compensation paid to the Advisor pursuant to Paragraph 9 hereof and subject to the limitations set forth in this Paragraph 10 and in Paragraph 12 and contained in the Charter, the Corporation or the Operating Partnership shall pay directly or reimburse the Advisor or its Affiliates for all of the expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in connection with the services they provide to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (i) Organization and Offering Expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates; provided that after an Offering terminates, the Advisor shall reimburse the Corporation to the extent the sum of the Organization and Offering Expenses and the Sales Commissions, Dealer Manager Fees and Distribution Fees with respect to such Offering that are borne by the Corporation exceed 15.0 of the Gross Proceeds raised in the completed Offering; the Advisor shall be responsible for the payment of all the Corporation s Organization and Offering Expenses in excess of the maximum amount permitted; 
 21 

(ii) Private Organization and Offering Expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates, except to the extent the Advisor or its Affiliates have agreed to receive a fee in lieu of reimbursement of such expenses therewith; (iii) Acquisition Expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates; (iv) Disposition Expenses incurred in connection with the disposition of Assets; (v) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Corporation and obtained from Persons not affiliated with the Advisor, other than Acquisition Expenses, including brokerage fees paid in connection with the purchase and sale of any securities; (vi) interest and other costs for borrowed money, including discounts, points and other similar fees; (vii) taxes and assessments on income of the Corporation or Assets and any other taxes otherwise imposed on the Corporation; (viii) costs associated with insurance required in connection with the business of the Corporation or by the officers and Directors, as well as the costs associated with overseeing the provision of, or providing directly, insurance management services, including, without limitation, overseeing all related brokerage relationships, managing all related premium and expense allocations, managing all related claims reporting and oversite, answering or coordinating with broker questions regarding coverage, claims, reporting, etc., coordinating required certificates of insurance, coordinating review of sponsor s or joint venture partners builder s risk programs and managing renewals; (ix) expenses of managing and operating Real Property owned by the Corporation, or Real Property in which the Corporation otherwise has an interest, such as through a joint venture interest, including, but not limited to expenses related to Property Accounting Services provided by third-parties, the expenses of which shall be paid by the direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation which owns the Real Property, and expenses related to financial systems and software and consultants related thereto; (x) all expenses in connection with payments to the Directors and meetings of the Directors and Stockholders; (xi) expenses associated with a Listing, if applicable; (xii) expenses connected with payments of Distributions in cash or otherwise made or caused to be made by the Corporation to the Stockholders; (xiii) expenses of organizing, revising, amending, converting, modifying, or terminating the Corporation or the Charter; (xiv) expenses of maintaining communications with Stockholders, including the cost of preparation, printing, and mailing annual reports and other Stockholder reports, proxy statements and other reports required by governmental entities; (xv) personnel and related employment costs (including, but not limited to, compensation) and overhead (including, but not limited to, allocated rent paid to both third 
 22 

parties and an affiliate of the Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment, and other costs) costs incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in performing the services described in Paragraph 3 hereof, including, but not limited to, compensation (whether paid in cash, stock, or other forms), benefits and other overhead of all employees involved in the performance of such services; provided that no reimbursement shall be made for such costs in connection with the services under Paragraph 3(a), for services provided by an Affiliate of the Advisor for which the Company pays a separate fee pursuant to a separate agreement, or for compensation of the Company s named executive officers unless the named executive officer provides services as described in Paragraph 3(b)(v); (xvi) internal and external audit, accounting and legal fees and other fees for professional services relating to the operations of the Corporation and all such fees incurred at the request, or on behalf of, the Board, the Independent Directors or any committee of the Board of Directors; (xvii) out-of-pocket costs for the Corporation to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances; and (xviii) all other costs incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in performing its duties hereunder. (b) Expenses incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates on behalf of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership and payable pursuant to this Paragraph 10 shall be reimbursed no less than monthly to the Advisor. The Advisor shall prepare a statement documenting the expenses of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership and the calculation of the fees and commissions due under this Agreement during each month, and shall deliver such statement to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership within 45 days after the end of each month. 11. OTHER SERVICES Should the Board of Directors request that the Advisor or any director, officer or employee thereof render services for the Corporation and the Operating Partnership other than set forth in Paragraph 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Advisor and the Independent Directors of the Corporation, subject to the limitations contained in the Charter, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 12. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISOR For any year in which the Corporation qualifies as a REIT, the Corporation shall not reimburse the Advisor at the end of any fiscal quarter Total Operating Expenses that, in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended (the Expense Year exceed (the Excess Amount the greater of 2 of Average Invested Assets or 25 of Net Income (the 2 /25 Guidelines for such year. Any Excess Amount paid to the Advisor during a fiscal quarter shall be repaid to the Corporation or, at the option of the Corporation, subtracted from the Total Operating Expenses reimbursed during the subsequent fiscal quarter unless a majority of the Independent Directors determine that such excess was justified based on unusual and nonrecurring factors which they deem sufficient, then the Excess Amount may be paid and within 60 days after the end of such Expense Year there shall be sent to the stockholders a written disclosure of such fact, together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors considered in determining that such excess expenses were justified. Such determination shall be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors. The 
 23 

Corporation will not reimburse the Advisor or its Affiliates for its personnel (and related employment) costs and overhead (including rent, insurance and other costs) incurred in connection with the services under Paragraph 3(a) or services provided by an Affiliate of the Advisor for which the Company pays a separate fee pursuant to a separate agreement. All figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 13. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR Nothing herein contained shall prevent the Advisor or any of its Affiliates from engaging in or earning fees from other activities, including, without limitation, the rendering of advice to other Persons (including other REITs) and the management of other programs advised, sponsored or organized by the Advisor or its Affiliates; nor shall this Agreement limit or restrict the right of any member, manager, director, officer, employee, or stockholder of the Advisor or its Affiliates to engage in or earn fees from any other business or to render services of any kind to any other partnership, corporation, firm, individual, trust or association and earn fees for rendering such services. The Advisor may, with respect to any investment in which the Corporation is a participant, also render advice and service to each and every other participant therein, and earn fees for rendering such advice and service. It is contemplated that the Corporation may enter into joint ventures or other similar co-investment arrangements with certain Persons, and pursuant to the agreements governing such joint ventures or arrangements, the Advisor may be engaged (directly or indirectly) to provide advice and service to such Persons, in which case the Advisor will earn fees for rendering such advice and service. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge that the Advisor may provide advice and render services to Persons that will compete with the Corporation for investments. The Advisor shall report to the Board the existence of any condition or circumstance, existing or anticipated, of which it has knowledge, which creates or could create a conflict of interest between the Advisor s obligations to the Corporation and its obligations to or its interest in any other partnership, corporation, limited liability company, firm, individual, trust or association. The Advisor or its Affiliates shall promptly disclose to the Board knowledge of such condition or circumstance. If the Advisor, its members, managers, directors, employees or Affiliates thereof have sponsored other investment programs with similar investment objectives which have investment funds available at the same time as the Corporation, it shall be the duty of the Independent Directors to ensure that the Advisor and its Affiliates follow the method approved by the Independent Directors, by which investments are to be allocated to the competing investment entities and to use their reasonable efforts to ensure that such method is applied fairly to the Corporation. The Advisor shall be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to present a continuing and suitable investment program to the Corporation which is consistent with the investment policies and objectives of the Corporation, but neither the Advisor nor any Affiliate of the Advisor shall be obligated generally to present any particular investment opportunity to the Corporation even if the opportunity is of character which, if presented to the Corporation, could be taken by the Corporation. In the event an investment opportunity is located, the allocation procedure set forth under the caption Conflicts of Interest Conflict Resolution Procedures in any Prospectus or private placement memorandum for the Corporation s ongoing private offering of Shares (as such procedures may be amended from time to time by a majority 
 24 

of the Board, including the Independent Directors) shall govern the allocation of the opportunity among the Corporation and Affiliates of the Advisor. 14. TERM; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT This Agreement shall continue in force through and including April 30, 2025, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. It is the duty of the Independent Directors to evaluate the performance of the Advisor annually before renewing the Agreement, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. 15. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES . This Agreement may be terminated (i) immediately by the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership for Cause (subject to any applicable cure period), (ii) upon 60 days written notice without Cause and without penalty by a majority of the Independent Directors of the Corporation or by the Advisor, (iii) upon 60 days written notice with Good Reason by the Advisor or (iv) immediately by the Corporation and/or the Operating Partnership in connection with a merger, sale of Assets or transaction involving the Corporation pursuant to which a majority of the Directors then in office are replaced or removed. 16. ASSIGNMENT This Agreement may be assigned by the Advisor to an Affiliate or Affiliates with the approval of a majority of the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors). The Advisor may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the approval of the Board of Directors. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Corporation or the Operating Partnership without the consent of the Advisor, except in the case of an assignment by the Corporation or the Operating Partnership to a corporation, limited partnership or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and obligations of the Corporation or the Operating Partnership, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Corporation and the Operating Partnership are bound by this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement may not be assigned (as such term is defined in Section 205(a)(2) of the Advisers Act) or novated by the Advisor by operation of law or otherwise without consent as required under the Advisers Act; provided, that the Advisor may assign, subcontract, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights and obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates. 17. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISOR UPON TERMINATION (a) After the Termination Date, the Advisor shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to receive from the Corporation or the Operating Partnership within 30 days after the effective date of such termination: (i) subject to the limitations set forth in Paragraph 12 hereof and in the Charter, all unpaid reimbursements of expenses, including without limitation, subject to the limitation described in Paragraph 10(a)(i) hereof, any Organization and Offering Expenses or Private Organization and Offering Expenses that have not been reimbursed to the Advisor as of the Termination Date; and (ii) all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Advisor prior to termination of this Agreement. (b) In addition, in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 12, the Advisor shall be entitled to receive any Excess Amount (as defined in Paragraph 12) for which the Independent Directors determined (before or after the Termination Date) that there was justification based on unusual and nonrecurring factors. 
 25 

(c) The Advisor shall promptly upon termination: (i) pay over to the Corporation and the Operating Partnership all money collected and held for the account of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled; (ii) deliver to the Board of Directors a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board of Directors; (iii) deliver to the Board of Directors all Assets and documents of the Corporation and the Operating Partnership then in the custody of the Advisor; and (iv) cooperate with the Corporation and the Operating Partnership to provide an orderly management transition. 18. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE CORPORATION AND THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP The Corporation and the Operating Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective members, managers, officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, including without limitation, any liabilities, claims, damages or losses arising under any agreements related to an Offering or any private placement of Securities conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, subject to any limitations imposed by the laws of the State of Maryland or the Charter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation and the Operating Partnership may not indemnify or hold harmless the Advisor, its Affiliates, or any of their respective members, managers, officers, directors, partners or employees in any manner that would be inconsistent with the provisions of Section II.G of the NASAA REIT Guidelines. 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISOR The Advisor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and the Operating Partnership from contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are incurred by reason of the Advisor s bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, gross misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties, but the Advisor shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board of Directors in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Advisor. 20. NOTICES Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Charter, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand or by overnight mail or other overnight delivery service to the addresses set forth herein: 

To the Directors and to the Corporation: Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. One Tabor Center 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 

 26 

To the Operating Partnership: AIREIT Operating Partnership LP One Tabor Center 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 To the Advisor: Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC 2000 Avenue of the Stars, 12 th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90067 Attention: Naseem Sagati Aghili Email: nsagati@aresmgmt.com 
 Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this Paragraph 20. 21. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY The terms and provisions of this Agreement are intended solely for the benefit of each party hereto, their Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the parties to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person. 22. MODIFICATION This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. 23. SEVERABILITY The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 24. CONSTRUCTION The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. 25. ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing. 26. INDULGENCES, NOT WAIVERS Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party or any third party beneficiary to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 
 27 

27. GENDER Words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires. 28. TITLES NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION The titles of paragraphs and subparagraphs contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 29. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 30. INITIAL INVESTMENT The Advisor owns 20,000 Class I-R shares that were originally issued in connection with the original advisor s initial investment in the Corporation of 200,000. The Advisor may not sell any of such Shares while the Advisor acts in such advisory capacity to the Corporation, provided, that such Shares may be transferred to Affiliates of the Advisor. The restrictions included above shall not apply to any other Securities of the Corporation or the Operating Partnership acquired by the Advisor or its Affiliates. The Advisor shall not vote any Shares it now owns, or hereafter acquires, in any vote for the election of Directors, the removal of the Advisor, or any vote regarding the approval or termination of any contract with the Advisor or any of its Affiliates. [Signature page follows.] 
 28 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 

ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. , a Maryland corporation By: /s/ SCOTT SEAGER Name: Scott Seager Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer AIREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., its Sole General Partner By: /s/ SCOTT SEAGER Name: Scott Seager Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ ANTON FEINGOLD Name: Anton Feingold Title: Vice President 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 aire-20240930xex10d4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 
 TWELFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF AIREIT Operating PARTNERSHIP LP A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP August 2, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Article 1 DEFINED TERMS 1 Article 2 PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION 15 2.1 Formation 15 2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent . 15 2.3 Partners . 16 2.4 Term and Dissolution . 16 2.5 Filing of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership . 17 2.6 Certificates Describing Partnership Units and Special Partnership Units . 17 Article 3 BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 17 Article 4 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 17 4.1 Capital Contributions . 17 4.2 Classes and Series of Partnership Units 18 4.3 Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests . 19 4.4 Additional Funding . 21 4.5 Capital Accounts . 22 4.6 Percentage Interests . 22 4.7 No Interest On Contributions . 22 4.8 Return Of Capital Contributions . 22 4.9 No Third Party Beneficiary . 22 Article 5 PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS 23 5.1 Allocation of Profit and Loss . 23 5.2 Distribution of Cash . 25 5.3 REIT Distribution Requirements . 29 5.4 No Right to Distributions in Kind . 29 5.5 Limitations on Return of Capital Contributions . 29 5.6 Distributions Upon Liquidation . 29 5.7 Substantial Economic Effect . 30 Article 6 RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER 30 6.1 Management of the Partnership . 30 6.2 Delegation of Authority . 33 6.3 Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees . 33 6.4 Liability of the General Partner . 34 

6.5 Reimbursement of General Partner . 35 6.6 Outside Activities . 36 6.7 Employment or Retention of Affiliates . 36 6.8 General Partner Participation . 37 6.9 Title to Partnership Assets . 37 6.10 Redemptions and Exchanges of REIT Shares . 37 6.11 No Duplication of Fees or Expenses . 38 Article 7 CHANGES IN GENERAL PARTNER 38 7.1 Transfer of the General Partner s Partnership Interest . 38 7.2 Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner . 40 7.3 Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of a General Partner . 40 7.4 Removal of a General Partner . 41 Article 8 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS 42 8.1 Management of the Partnership . 42 8.2 Power of Attorney . 42 8.3 Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners . 42 8.4 Ownership by Limited Partner of Corporate General Partner or Affiliate . 42 8.5 Redemption Right . 42 8.6 Distribution Reinvestment Plan . 46 Article 9 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 47 9.1 Purchase for Investment . 47 9.2 Restrictions on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests . 47 9.3 Admission of Substitute Limited Partner . 49 9.4 Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests . 50 9.5 Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner . 50 9.6 Joint Ownership of Interests . 50 Article 10 BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS 51 10.1 Books and Records . 51 10.2 Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts . 51 10.3 Fiscal and Taxable Year . 51 10.4 Annual Tax Information and Report . 51 10.5 Tax Matters Partner; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments . 52 10.6 Reports to Limited Partners . 53 10.7 Safe Harbor Election 53 

Article 11 AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER 53 Article 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS 54 12.1 Notices . 54 12.2 Survival of Rights . 54 12.4 Severability . 54 12.5 Entire Agreement . 55 12.6 Pronouns and Plurals . 55 12.7 Headings . 55 12.8 Counterparts . 55 12.9 Governing Law . 55 12.1 Effectiveness . 55 

EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A - Partners, Capital Contributions and Percentage Interests or Special Percentage Interests EXHIBIT B - Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right 

TWELFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF aireit Operating Partnership LP RECITALS This Twelfth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of August 2, 2024, between Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (f/k/a Black Creek Industrial REIT IV Inc.) (the General Partner and the Limited Partners set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given them in Article 1. AGREEMENT WHEREAS, AIREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a BCI IV Operating Partnership LP) (the Partnership ), was formed on August 12, 2014 as a limited partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware, pursuant to a Certificate of Limited Partnership filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 12, 2014; WHEREAS, the Partnership is currently governed by the Eleventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership dated as of February 13, 2023 (the Prior Agreement and WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as fully set forth below. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of mutual covenants between the parties hereto, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Prior Agreement shall be and hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as follows : Article 1 DEFINED TERMS
 The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings specified below: ACT means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as it may be amended from time to time. ADDITIONAL FUNDS has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof. ADDITIONAL SECURITIES means any additional REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares issued in connection with a redemption pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof or REIT Shares issued pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan of the General Partner) or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, as set forth in Section 4.2(a)(ii). 
 1 

ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES means (i) all administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership, (ii) those administrative costs and expenses of the General Partner, including any salaries or other payments to directors, officers or employees of the General Partner, and any accounting and legal expenses of the General Partner, which expenses, the Partners have agreed, are expenses of the Partnership and not the General Partner, (iii) costs and expenses relating to the formation and continuity of existence and operation of the General Partner and any Subsidiaries thereof (which Subsidiaries shall, for purposes hereof, be included within the definition of General Partner), including taxes, fees and assessments associated therewith, any and all costs, expenses or fees payable to any director, officer or employee of the General Partner, (iv) costs and expenses relating to any Offering and registration of securities by the General Partner and all statements, reports, fees and expenses incidental thereto, including, without limitation, underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to any such Offering, and any costs and expenses associated with any claims made by any holders of such securities or any underwriters or placement agents thereof, (v) costs and expenses associated with any repurchase of any securities by the General Partner, (vi) costs and expenses associated with the preparation and filing of any periodic or other reports and communications by the General Partner under federal, state or local laws or regulations, including filings with the Commission, (vii) costs and expenses associated with compliance by the General Partner with laws, rules and regulations promulgated by any regulatory body, including the Commission and any securities exchange, (viii) costs and expenses associated with any 401(k) plan, incentive plan, bonus plan or other plan providing for compensation for the employees of the General Partner, (ix) costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner relating to any issuing or redemption of Partnership Interests and (x) all other operating or administrative costs of the General Partner incurred in the ordinary course of its business on behalf of or in connection with the Partnership; provided , however , that Administrative Expenses shall not include any administrative costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner that are attributable to Properties or partnership interests in a Subsidiary Partnership that are owned by the General Partner directly. ADVISOR or ADVISORS means the Person or Persons, if any, appointed, employed or contracted with by the General Partner and responsible for directing or performing the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner, including any Person to whom the Advisor subcontracts all or substantially all of such functions. ADVISORY AGREEMENT means the agreement between the General Partner, the Partnership and the Advisor pursuant to which the Advisor will direct or perform the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner. AFFILIATE means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person ten percent or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person and (v) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. AFFIRMATION DATE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a). 
 2 

AGGREGATE SHARE OWNERSHIP LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. AGREED VALUE means the fair market value of a Partner s non-cash Capital Contribution as of the date of contribution as agreed to by such Partner and the General Partner. The names and addresses of the Partners, number and Class or Series of Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units issued to each Partner, and the Agreed Value of non-cash Capital Contributions as of the date of contribution are set forth on Exhibit A . AGREEMENT means this Twelfth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended, modified supplemented or restated from time to time, as the context requires. ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN AMOUNT means the overall investment return, expressed as a dollar amount per Partnership Unit, which shall be equal to the sum of (1) the Weighted-Average Distributions per Partnership Unit over the applicable period, and (2) the Ending VPU, adjusted to remove the negative impact on the overall investment return from the payment or the obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the Performance Allocation and Class-Specific Fees, less the Beginning VPU. APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(b) hereof. ASSET means any Property, Mortgage, other debt or other investment (other than investments in bank accounts, money market funds or other current assets) owned by the General Partner, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates. BEGINNING VPU means the VPU determined as of the end of the most recent month prior to the commencement of the applicable period. CAPITAL ACCOUNT has the meaning provided in Section 4.4 hereof. CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION means the total amount of cash, cash equivalents, and the Agreed Value of any Property or other asset (other than cash) contributed or agreed to be contributed, as the context requires, to the Partnership by each Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Any reference to the Capital Contribution of a Partner shall include the Capital Contribution made by a predecessor holder of the Partnership Interest of such Partner. CARRYING VALUE means, with respect to any asset of the Partnership, the asset s adjusted net basis for federal income tax purposes or, in the case of any asset contributed to the Partnership, the fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution, reduced by any amounts attributable to the inclusion of liabilities in basis pursuant to Section 752 of the Code, except that the Carrying Values of all assets may, at the discretion of the General Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective fair market values (as determined by the General Partner), in accordance with the rules set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), as provided for in Section 4.4. In the case of any asset of the Partnership that has a Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted tax basis, the Carrying Value shall be adjusted by the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization calculated for purposes of the allocations of net profit and net loss pursuant to Article 
 3 

5 hereof rather than the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization determined for federal income tax purposes. CASH AMOUNT means an amount of cash per Partnership Unit equal to the applicable Redemption Price determined by the General Partner. CERTIFICATE means any instrument or document that is required under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business, to be signed and sworn to by the Partners of the Partnership (either by themselves or pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted to the General Partner in Section 8.2 hereof) and filed for recording in the appropriate public offices within the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction to perfect or maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership, to effect the admission, withdrawal, or substitution of any Partner of the Partnership, or to protect the limited liability of the Limited Partners as limited partners under the laws of the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction. CHARTER means the Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the General Partner filed with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation, as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time. CLASS means a class of REIT Shares or Partnership Units, as the context may require. CLASS D-PR CONVERSION RATE means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class D-PR Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I-PR Unit. CLASS D-PR REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class D-PR common shares in the Charter. CLASS D-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class D-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement. CLASS D-R CONVERSION RATE means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class D-R Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I-R Unit. CLASS D-R REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class D-R shares in the Charter. CLASS D-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class D-R Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be a Series 1 Class D-R Unit or a Series 2 Class D-R Unit. CLASS I-PR REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class I-PR common shares in the Charter. CLASS I-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement. 
 4 

CLASS I-R REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class I-R common shares in the Charter. CLASS I-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I-R Unit as provided in this Agreement. CLASS-SPECIFIC FEES means any Distribution Fee expenses accrued or allocated directly or indirectly to a particular Class or Series of Partnership Units or REIT Shares. CLASS S-PR CONVERSION RATE means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class S-PR Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I-PR Unit. CLASS S-PR REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class S-PR common shares in the Charter. CLASS S-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class S-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be a Series 1 Class S-PR Unit or a Series 2 Class S-PR Unit. CLASS T-R CONVERSION RATE means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class T-R Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I-R Unit. CLASS T-R REIT SHARES means the REIT Shares classified as Class T-R common shares in the Charter. CLASS T-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class T-R Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be a Series 1 Class T-R Unit, a Series 2 Class T-R Unit or a Series 3 Class T-R Unit. CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as hereafter amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Code shall mean that provision in the Code at the date hereof and any successor provision of the Code. COMMISSION means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. COMMON SHARE OWNERSHIP LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. CONTROL means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or activities of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities or other beneficial interests, by contract or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling shall have correlative meanings. 
 5 

CONVERSION FACTOR means 1.0, provided that in the event that the General Partner (i) declares or pays a dividend on its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares or makes a distribution to all holders of its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding REIT Shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding REIT Shares into a smaller number of REIT Shares, the Conversion Factor shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Factor by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of REIT Shares issued and outstanding on the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination (assuming for such purposes that such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination has occurred as of such time), and the denominator of which shall be the actual number of REIT Shares (determined without the above assumption) issued and outstanding on such date and, provided further, that in the event that an entity other than an Affiliate of the General Partner shall become General Partner pursuant to any merger, consolidation or combination of the General Partner with or into another entity (the Successor Entity ), the Conversion Factor shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Factor by the number of shares of the Successor Entity into which one REIT Share is converted pursuant to such merger, consolidation or combination, determined as of the date of such merger, consolidation or combination. Any adjustment to the Conversion Factor shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any, for such event; provided, however, that if the General Partner receives a Notice of Redemption after the record date, but prior to the effective date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination, the Conversion Factor shall be determined as if the General Partner had received the Notice of Redemption immediately prior to the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination. A separate Conversion Factor shall be determined for each Class or Series of Partnership Units (other than Series 2 Class T-R Units or Series 2 Class S-PR Units) by taking into account only the outstanding REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the applicable Class of Partnership Units. The Conversion Factor for Series 2 Class T-R Units shall equal the Conversion Factor for Series 1 Class T-R Units, multiplied by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 2 Class T-R Units and divided by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 1 Class T-R Units. The Conversion Factor for Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall equal the Conversion Factor for Series 1 Class S-PR Units, multiplied by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 2 Class S-PR Units and divided by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 1 Class S-PR Units. DEALER MANAGER means Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC or such other Person or entity selected by the board of directors of the General Partner to act as the dealer manager for the Offering and/or a Private Placement. DEFAULTING LIMITED PARTNER has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(d) hereof. DIRECTOR shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. DISTRIBUTION FEE means any ongoing distribution fees, dealer manager fees or similar fees (as distinguished from up-front or one-time selling commissions and dealer manager fees) payable pursuant to any dealer manager agreement between the General Partner and the Dealer Manager with respect to outstanding REIT Shares or Partnership Units. 
 6 

DST PROPERTIES means real properties that meet the following criteria: (i) tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in such properties have been sold by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to third party investors and (ii) such properties are being leased by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates from the tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust third party investors. ENDING VPU means the VPU as of the end of the last month in the applicable period. EVENT OF BANKRUPTCY as to any Person means the filing of a petition for relief as to such Person as debtor or bankrupt under the Bankruptcy Code of 1978 or similar provision of law of any jurisdiction (except if such petition is contested by such Person and has been dismissed within 90 days); insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person as finally determined by a court proceeding; filing by such Person of a petition or application to accomplish the same or for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee for such Person or a substantial part of his assets; commencement of any proceedings relating to such Person as a debtor under any other reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now in existence or hereinafter in effect, either by such Person or by another, provided that if such proceeding is commenced by another, such Person indicates his approval of such proceeding, consents thereto or acquiesces therein, or such proceeding is contested by such Person and has not been finally dismissed within 90 days. EXCEPTED HOLDER LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. EXCHANGED REIT SHARES has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(b) hereof. FMV Option means a fair market value purchase option giving the Partnership the right, but not the obligation, to acquire Interests from holders thereof at a later time as set forth in the applicable option agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. GENERAL PARTNER means Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, and any Person who becomes a substitute or additional General Partner as provided herein, and any of their successors as General Partner. GENERAL PARTNER LOAN has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(d) hereof. GENERAL PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means a Partnership Interest held by the General Partner that is a general partnership interest. HURDLE AMOUNT means for the applicable period, an amount equal to 5.0 of the Beginning VPU. INDEMNITEE means (i) any Person made a party to a proceeding by reason of its status as the General Partner, the Advisor or a director, officer or employee of the General Partner, the Advisor or the Partnership, and (ii) such other Persons (including Affiliates of the General Partner, 
 7 

the Advisor or the Partnership) as the General Partner may designate from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. INTERESTS means beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts offered in Private Placements. INVESTOR SERVICING FEE means a fee paid to the Dealer Manager of a Private Placement equal to 0.85 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 3 Class T-R Unit, 0.85 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Unit, 0.35 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Unit, 0.25 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 2 Class D-R Unit and 0.25 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Class D-PR Unit (calculated monthly in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement, as they may be amended from time to time) which will be allocated to the holders of Resulting Series 3 Class T-R Units, Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class D-R Units or Resulting Class D-PR Units, as applicable, through a reduction in their distributions. JOINT VENTURE means those joint venture, co-investment, co-ownership or partnership arrangements in which the General Partner or any of its subsidiaries is a co-venturer or general partner established to acquire, develop or hold Assets. LIMITED PARTNER means any Person named as a Limited Partner on Exhibit A attached hereto, including the Special OP Unitholder, and any Person who becomes a Substitute Limited Partner, in such Person s capacity as a Limited Partner in the Partnership. The Special OP Unitholder shall have the same rights and preferences as a Limited Partner except as set forth in Sections 5.2(c), 8.5 and 9.2(a). LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership at any particular time, including the right of such Limited Partner to any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner may be entitled as provided in this Agreement and in the Act, together with the obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with all the provisions of this Agreement and of such Act. LIQUIDITY EVENT shall include, but shall not be limited to, (i) a Listing, (ii) a sale, merger or other transaction in which the Stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash, securities redeemable for cash, and/or securities of a publicly traded company, and (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the General Partner s Assets where Stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash or other consideration. LISTING means the listing or partial listing of the REIT Shares on a national securities exchange. Upon such Listing, the REIT Shares shall be deemed Listed. LOSS CARRYFORWARD means an amount that equaled zero as of July 1, 2017 and shall cumulatively increase by the absolute value of any negative Annual Total Return Amount and decrease by any positive Annual Total Return Amount, provided that the Loss Carryforward 
 8 

shall at no time be less than zero. The effect of the Loss Carryforward is that the recoupment of past Annual Total Return Amount losses will offset the positive Annual Total Return Amount for purposes of the calculation of the Performance Allocation. MINIMUM LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means the lesser of (i) 1 or (ii) if the total Capital Contributions to the Partnership exceeds 50 million, 1 divided by the ratio of the total Capital Contributions to the Partnership to 50 million; provided, however, that the Minimum Limited Partnership Interest shall not be less than 0.2 at any time. MINIMUM LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENT has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. MORTGAGES means, in connection with mortgage financing provided, invested in, participated in or purchased by the General Partner, all of the notes, deeds of trust, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, which are secured or collateralized by Real Property owned by the borrowers under such notes, deeds of trust, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations. NAV means net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. NAV CALCULATIONS means the calculations used to determine the NAV of the General Partner, the REIT Shares, the Partnership and the Partnership Units, all as provided in the Valuation Procedures. NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT means, for each Class or Series of Partnership Unit, the net asset value per unit of such Class or Series of Partnership Unit most recently determined in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. NET ASSET VALUE PER REIT SHARE means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the net asset value per share of such Class of REIT Shares most recently determined in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION means the Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto. OFFER has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b) hereof. OFFERING means the offer and sale of REIT Shares to the public. OP UNITHOLDERS means all holders of Partnership Interests other than the Special OP Unitholders. ORIGINAL LIMITED PARTNER means the Limited Partners designated as Original Limited Partners on Exhibit A hereto. PARTNER means any General Partner or Limited Partner. 
 9 

PARTNER NONRECOURSE DEBT MINIMUM GAIN has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(i). A Partner s share of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5). PARTNERSHIP means AIREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership. PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means an ownership interest in the Partnership held by either a Limited Partner or the General Partner and includes any and all benefits to which the holder of such a Partnership Interest may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of such Person to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. PARTNERSHIP LOAN has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(d) hereof. PARTNERSHIP NAV The NAV of the Partnership, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. PARTNERSHIP MINIMUM GAIN has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(d). In accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(d), the amount of Partnership Minimum Gain is determined by first computing, for each Partnership nonrecourse liability, any gain the Partnership would realize if it disposed of the property subject to that liability for no consideration other than full satisfaction of the liability, and then aggregating the separately computed gains. A Partner s share of Partnership Minimum Gain shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(1). PARTNERSHIP RECORD DATE means the record date established by the General Partner for the distribution of cash pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof, which record date shall be the same as the record date established by the General Partner for a distribution to its shareholders of some or all of its portion of such distribution. PARTNERSHIP UNIT means a fractional, undivided share of the Partnership Interests of all Partners issued hereunder, including Class D-PR Units, Class D-R Units, Class I-PR Units, Class I-R Units, Class S-PR Units and Class T-R Units but excluding the Partnership Interests represented by Special Partnership Units. The allocation of Partnership Units of each Class and Series among the Partners shall be as set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. PARTNERSHIP UNIT BALANCE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. PERCENTAGE INTEREST means the percentage ownership interest in the Partnership of each Partner, as determined by dividing the Partnership Units owned by a Partner by the total number of Partnership Units then outstanding. The Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. PERFORMANCE ALLOCATION shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c). PERSON means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust or other entity. 
 10 

PRIVATE PLACEMENT means a private placement of Interests with respect to which the Partnership will be given a FMV Option. PROFIT has the meaning provided in Section 5.1(g) hereof. PROPERTY means, as the context requires, all or a portion of each Real Property acquired by the General Partner, directly or indirectly through joint venture or co-ownership arrangements or other partnership or investment entities. REAL PROPERTY means land, rights in land (including leasehold interests), and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment located on or used in connection with land and rights or interests in land. Real estate-related securities and DST Properties shall also be deemed Real Property for purposes of this definition. RECEIVED REIT SHARES has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(b) hereof. REDEMPTION has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. REDEMPTION PERIOD has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. REDEMPTION PRICE means the Value of the REIT Shares Amount as of the end of the Specified Redemption Date. REDEMPTION REQUIREMENT has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. REDEMPTION RIGHT has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. REDEMPTION SHARES has the meaning provided in Section 8.6(a) hereof. REGULATIONS means the Federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended and as hereafter amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Regulations shall mean that provision of the Regulations on the date hereof and any successor provision of the Regulations. REGULATORY ALLOCATIONS has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(i) hereof. REIT means a corporation, trust, association or other legal entity (other than a real estate syndication) that qualifies as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, and any successor or other provisions of the Code relating to real estate investment trusts (including provisions as to the attribution of ownership of beneficial interests therein) and the regulations promulgated thereunder. REIT SHARE means a common share of beneficial interest in the General Partner (or successor entity, as the case may be), including Class D-PR REIT Shares, Class D-R REIT Shares, Class I-PR REIT Shares, Class I-R REIT Shares, Class S-PR REIT Shares and Class T-R REIT Shares. 
 11 

REIT SHARES AMOUNT means, with respect to any Class or Series of Tendered Units, a number of REIT Shares of such Class equal to the product of the number of Partnership Units of such Class or Series offered for exchange by a Tendering Party, multiplied by the Conversion Factor for such Class or Series of Partnership Units as adjusted to and including the Specified Redemption Date; provided that in the event the General Partner issues to all holders of REIT Shares rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities entitling the shareholders to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, or any other securities or property (collectively, the rights ), and the rights have not expired at the Specified Redemption Date, then the REIT Shares Amount shall also include the rights issuable to a holder of the REIT Shares Amount of REIT Shares on the record date fixed for purposes of determining the holders of REIT Shares entitled to rights . RELATED PARTY means, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose ownership of shares of the General Partner s capital stock would be attributed to the first such Person under Code Section 544 (as modified by Code Section 856(h)(1)(B)). RESULTING CLASS D-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Class D-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 1 CLASS S-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 1 Class S-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 2 CLASS D-R UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 2 Class D-R Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 2 CLASS S-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 2 Class S-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 3 CLASS T-R UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 3 Class T-R Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. SAFE HARBOR means, the election described in the Safe Harbor Regulation, pursuant to which a partnership and all of its partners may elect to treat the fair market value of a partnership interest that is transferred in connection with the performance of services as being equal to the liquidation value of that interest. SAFE HARBOR ELECTION means the election by a partnership and its partners to apply the Safe Harbor, as described in the Safe Harbor Regulation and Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-43 , issued on May 19, 2005. SAFE HARBOR REGULATION means Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.83-3(l) issued on May 19, 2005. 
 12 

SECURITIES ACT means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Securities Act shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. SERIES means a series of a Class of Partnership Units, as the context may require. SERIES 1 CLASS D-R UNITS means Class D-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class D-R Units. SERIES 1 CLASS T-R UNITS means Class T-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class T-R Units. SERIES 1 CLASS S-PR UNITS means Class S-PR Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class S-PR Units. SERIES 2 CLASS D-R UNITS means Class D-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class D-R Units. SERIES 2 CLASS T-R UNITS means Class T-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class T-R Units. SERIES 2 CLASS S-PR UNITS means Class S-PR Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units. SERIES 3 CLASS T-R UNITS means Class T-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 3 Class T-R Units. SERVICE means the United States Internal Revenue Service. SPECIAL OP UNITHOLDERS means the holder or holders of Special Partnership Units; provided, that, if such holders of Special Partnership Units own Partnership Units, then such holders shall be Partners and not Special OP Unitholders with respect to such Partnership Units. SPECIAL PARTNERSHIP UNIT means a unit of a series of Partnership Interests, designated as Special Partnership Units, issued pursuant to Section 4.1. The number of Special Partnership Units outstanding and the Special Percentage Interests in the Partnership represented by such Special Partnership Units are set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. A holder of a Special Partnership Unit shall have the same rights and preferences as a holder of a Partnership Unit under this Agreement that is a Limited Partner except as set forth in Sections 5.2(c), 8.5, and 9.2(a). SPECIAL PERCENTAGE INTEREST shall mean the percentage ownership interest in the Special Partnership Units of each Special OP Unitholder, as determined by dividing the Special Partnership Units owned by each Special OP Unitholder by the total number of Special Partnership Units then outstanding. The Special Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. 
 13 

SPECIAL TRANSFEREE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. SPECIFIED REDEMPTION DATE means, if the Affirmation Date is at least three business days before the end of a month, the last business day of such month, and otherwise the last business day of the month following the month in which the Affirmation Date occurred.. SPONSOR PARTIES has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. SRP has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(c)(iii) hereof. SUBSIDIARY means, with respect to any Person, any corporation or other entity of which a majority of (i) the voting power of the voting equity securities or (ii) the outstanding equity interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. SUBSIDIARY PARTNERSHIP means any partnership of which the partnership interests therein are owned by the General Partner or a direct or indirect subsidiary of the General Partner. SUBSTITUTE LIMITED PARTNER means any Person admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 9.3 hereof. SUCCESSOR ENTITY has the meaning provided in the definition of Conversion Factor contained herein. SURVIVOR has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c) hereof. TAX MATTERS PARTNER has the meaning described in Section 10.5(a) hereof. TENDERED UNITS has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. TENDERING PARTY has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. TOTAL COMPENSATION means the aggregate of all Investor Servicing Fees and upfront selling commissions, placement fees and other upfront fees paid to the Dealer Manager with respect to Resulting Series 3 Class T-R Units, Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class D-R Units or Resulting Class D-PR Units, as applicable, including all such compensation paid during the period prior to the exercise of the FMV Option, when such units were Interests. TOTAL EQUITY AMOUNT means the cash purchase price of Interests in a Private Placement less the amount of any loan from the Partnership or any of its affiliates to finance a portion of such purchase price. TRANSACTION has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b) hereof. TRANSACTION PRICE shall mean the most recently disclosed NAV per REIT Share; provided that the General Partner may, in its discretion, adjust the Transaction Price to a price that the General Partner believes reflects the NAV per REIT Share more appropriately than the most 
 14 

recently disclosed NAV per REIT Share, including by updating a previously disclosed Transaction Price, in cases where the General Partner believes there has been a material change (positive or negative) to the NAV per REIT Share relative to the most recently disclosed NAV per REIT Share. TRANSFER has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a) hereof. VALUATION PROCEDURES means the written valuation procedures adopted by the Board of Directors of the General Partner, as such procedures may be amended from time to time, that set forth the method by which the NAV per each Class of REIT Share and Class or Series of Partnership Unit shall be calculated. Pursuant to such Valuation Procedures, certain Classes or Series of Partnership Units are each economically equivalent to the corresponding class of REIT Shares. Series 2 Class T-R Units and Series 2 Class S-PR Units, however, are not economically equivalent to any Class of REIT Shares. Accordingly, the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 2 Class T-R Units shall, upon their initial issuance, be set at the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 1 Class T-R Units and the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall, upon their initial issuance, be set at the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 1 Class S-PR Units, and thereafter each respective Class or Series of such Partnership Units shall be adjusted as described in the Valuation Procedures as if they were a separate Class of REIT Shares, taking into account their specific economic terms (specifically, their specific dividends and ongoing Distribution Fees) set forth herein. VALUE means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the fair market value per share of that Class of REIT Shares which will equal: (i) if REIT Shares of that Class are Listed, the average closing price per share for the previous thirty business days, or (ii) if REIT Shares of that Class are not Listed, the Net Asset Value Per REIT Share for REIT Shares of that Class. VPU means average value per Partnership Unit, which on any given date shall be equal to (i) the Partnership NAV on such date, divided by (ii) the aggregate number of Partnership Units of all Classes and Series outstanding on such date. WEIGHTED-AVERAGE DISTRIBUTIONS PER PARTNERSHIP UNIT shall mean, for a particular period of time, an amount equal to the ratio of (i) the aggregate distributions accrued in respect of all Partnership Units during the applicable period, divided by (ii) the weighted-average number of Partnership Units of all classes outstanding during the applicable period, calculated in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. Article 2 PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION
 2.1 Formation . The Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to the Act and all other pertinent laws of the State of Delaware, for the purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent . The name of the Partnership is AIREIT Operating Partnership LP. The specified office and place of business of the Partnership shall be One Tabor Center, 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202. The General Partner may at any time change the location of such office, provided the General Partner 

 15 

gives notice to the Partners of any such change. The name and address of the Partnership s registered agent is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The sole duty of the registered agent as such is to forward to the Partnership any notice that is served on him as registered agent. 2.3 Partners .
 (a) The General Partner of the Partnership is Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation. Its principal place of business is the same as that of the Partnership.
 (b) The Limited Partners are those Persons identified as Limited Partners on Exhibit A hereto, as amended from time to time.
 
 2.4 Term and Dissolution .
 (a) The term of the Partnership shall be perpetual, except that the Partnership shall be dissolved upon the first to occur of any of the following events:
 (i) The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a General Partner or the dissolution, death, removal or withdrawal of a General Partner unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b) hereof; provided that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the dissolution of such General Partner as a result of the dissolution, death, withdrawal, removal or Event of Bankruptcy of a partner in such partnership shall not be an event of dissolution of the Partnership if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners, either alone or with additional partners, and such General Partner and such partners comply with any other applicable requirements of this Agreement.
 (ii) The passage of ninety (90) days after the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership (provided that if the Partnership receives an installment obligation as consideration for such sale or other disposition, the Partnership shall continue, unless sooner dissolved under the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as such note or notes are paid in full); or
 (iii) The election by the General Partner that the Partnership should be dissolved.
 
 (b) Upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b) hereof), the General Partner (or its trustee, receiver, successor or legal representative) shall amend or cancel any Certificate(s) and liquidate the Partnership s assets and apply and distribute the proceeds thereof in accordance with Section 5.6 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the liquidating General Partner may either (i) defer liquidation of, or withhold from distribution for a reasonable time, any assets of the Partnership (including those necessary to satisfy the Partnership s debts and obligations), or (ii) distribute the assets to the Partners in kind.

16 

2.5 Filing of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership . 
 The General Partner shall execute, acknowledge, record and file at the expense of the Partnership, any and all amendments to the Certificate(s) and all requisite fictitious name statements and notices in such places and jurisdictions as may be necessary to cause the Partnership to be treated as a limited partnership under, and otherwise to comply with, the laws of each state or other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business. 
 2.6 Certificates Describing Partnership Units and Special Partnership Units . At the request of a Limited Partner, the General Partner, at its option, may issue (but in no way is obligated to issue) a certificate summarizing the terms of such Limited Partner s interest in the Partnership, including the number and Class or Series of Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units owned and the Percentage Interest and Special Percentage Interest represented by such Partnership Units and Special Partnership Units as of the date of such certificate. Any such certificate (i) shall be in form and substance as approved by the General Partner, (ii) shall not be negotiable and (iii) shall bear a legend to the following effect: 
 This certificate is not negotiable. The Partnership Units and Special Partnership Units represented by this certificate are governed by and transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Limited Partnership Agreement of AIREIT Operating Partnership LP, as amended from time to time. Article 3 BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP
 The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership is (i) to conduct any business that may be lawfully conducted by a limited partnership organized pursuant to the Act, provided, however, that such business shall be limited to and conducted in such a manner as to permit the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT, unless the General Partner otherwise ceases to qualify as a REIT, and in a manner such that the General Partner will not be subject to any taxes under Section 857 or 4981 of the Code, (ii) to enter into any partnership, joint venture, co-ownership or other similar arrangement to engage in any of the foregoing or the ownership of interests in any entity engaged in any of the foregoing and (iii) to do anything necessary or incidental to the foregoing. In connection with the foregoing, and without limiting the General Partner s right in its sole and absolute discretion to qualify or cease qualifying as a REIT, the Partners acknowledge that the General Partner intends to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and upon such qualification the avoidance of income and excise taxes on the General Partner inures to the benefit of all the Partners and not solely to the General Partner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Partners agree that the General Partner may terminate its status as a REIT under the Code at any time to the full extent permitted under the Charter. The General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall also be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code. Article 4 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS
 4.1 Capital Contributions . The General Partner and the Limited Partners have made capital contributions to the Partnership in exchange for the Partnership Interests set forth 

 17 

opposite their names on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. The Partners shall own Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units of the Class or Series and in the amounts set forth in Exhibit A and shall have a Percentage Interest in the Partnership as set forth in Exhibit A . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may keep Exhibit A current through separate revisions to the books and records of the Partnership that reflect periodic changes to the capital contributions made by the Partners and redemptions and other purchases of Partnership Units by the Partnership, and corresponding changes to the Partnership Interests of the Partners, without preparing a formal amendment to this Agreement, provided that such amendment shall be prepared upon the written request of any Limited Partner. 4.2 Classes and Series of Partnership Units . 
 (a) The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units designated as Class T-R Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class T-R Units, Series 2 Class T-R Units or Series 3 Class T-R Units; provided, that all Class T-R Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class T-R Units), Class I-R Units, Class D-R Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class D-R Units or Series 2 Class D-R Units; provided, that all Class D-R Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class D-R Units), Class S-PR Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class S-PR Units or Series 2 Class S-PR Units; provided, that all Class S-PR Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class S-PR Units), Class I-PR Units and Class D-PR Units. Each such Class shall have the rights and obligations attributed to that Class under this Agreement.
 (b) Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 3 Class T-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Series 3 Class T-R Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Series 3 Class T-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 3 Class T-R Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-R Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Series 3 Class T-R Units and (y) the Value of Class T-R Units divided by the Value of Class I-R Units.
 (c) Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 1 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Series 1 Class S-PR Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Series 1 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 1 Class S-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Series 1 Class S-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class S-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units.

 18 

(d) Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Series 2 Class S-PR Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 2 Class S-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Series 2 Class S-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class S-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units.
 (e) Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 2 Class D-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Series 2 Class D-R Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Series 2 Class D-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 2 Class D-R Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-R Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Series 2 Class D-R Units and (y) the Value of Class D-R Units divided by the Value of Class I-R Units.
 (f) Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Class D-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Class D-PR Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Class D-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Class D-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Class D-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class D-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units.
 4.3 Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests . Except as provided in this Section 4.3 or in Section 4.4, the Partners shall have no right or obligation to make any additional Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership. The General Partner may contribute additional capital to the Partnership, from time to time, and receive additional Partnership Interests in respect thereof, in the manner contemplated in this Section 4.3. Limited Partnership Interests will be issued to the General Partner in exchange for contributions by the General Partner to the capital of the Partnership of the proceeds received by the General Partners from the issuance of REIT Shares. 
 (a) Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests .

 19 

(i) General . The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue such additional Partnership Interests in the form of Partnership Units for any Partnership purpose at any time or from time to time, to the Partners (including the General Partner) or to other Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as shall be established by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, all without the approval of any Limited Partners, including but not limited to Partnership Units issued in connection with the issuance of REIT Shares of or other interests in the General Partner, Class I-R Units issued to the Special OP Unitholders in lieu of payments or distributions of the Performance Allocation, Partnership Units issued to the Advisor in lieu of cash fees pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and Partnership Units issued in connection with acquisitions of properties. Any additional Partnership Interests issued thereby may be issued in one or more Classes (including the Classes specified in this Agreement or any other Classes), or one or more Series (including the Series specified in this Agreement or any other Series) of any of such Classes, with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties, including rights, powers and duties senior to Limited Partnership Interests, all as shall be determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner, subject to Delaware law, including, without limitation, (i) the allocations of items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction and credit to each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests; (ii) the right of each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests to share in Partnership distributions; and (iii) the rights of each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; provided, however, that no additional Partnership Interests shall be issued to the General Partner unless:
 (1) (A) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in connection with an issuance of REIT Shares of or other interests in the General Partner, which REIT Shares or interests have designations, preferences and other rights, all such that the economic interests are substantially similar to the designations, preferences and other rights of the additional Partnership Interests issued to the General Partner by the Partnership in accordance with this Section 4.3 (without limiting the foregoing, for example, the Partnership shall issue Partnership Interests consisting of Class I-R Units to the General Partner in connection with the issuance of Class I-R REIT Shares) and (B) the General Partner shall make a Capital Contribution to the Partnership in an amount equal to the proceeds raised in connection with the issuance of such shares of stock of or other interests in the General Partner;
 (2) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in exchange for property owned by the General Partner with a fair market value, as determined by the General Partner, in good faith, equal to the value of the Partnership Interests; or
 (3) the additional Partnership Interests are issued to all Partners holding Partnership Units in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests. 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units for less than fair market value, so long as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. (ii) Upon Issuance of Additional Securities . The General Partner shall not issue any Additional Securities other than to all holders of REIT Shares, unless 

 20 

(A) the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner, as the General Partner may designate, Partnership Interests or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities of the Partnership having designations, preferences and other rights, all such that the economic interests are substantially similar to those of the Additional Securities, and (B) the General Partner contributes the proceeds from the issuance of such Additional Securities and from any exercise of rights contained in such Additional Securities, directly and through the General Partner, to the Partnership (without limiting the foregoing, for example, if the General Partner issues Class I-R REIT Shares, then the General Partner shall contribute the proceeds of the issuance of the Class I-R REIT Shares to the Partnership and shall cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests consisting of Class I-R Units to the General Partner); provided, however, that the General Partner is allowed to issue Additional Securities in connection with an acquisition of a property to be held directly by the General Partner, but if and only if, such direct acquisition and issuance of Additional Securities have been approved and determined to be in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to issue Additional Securities for less than fair market value, and to cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner corresponding Partnership Interests, so long as (x) the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership, including without limitation, the issuance of REIT Shares and corresponding Partnership Units pursuant to an employee share purchase plan providing for employee purchases of REIT Shares at a discount from fair market value or employee stock options that have an exercise price that is less than the fair market value of the REIT Shares, either at the time of issuance or at the time of exercise, and (y) the General Partner contributes all proceeds from such issuance to the Partnership. 
 
 (b) Certain Deemed Contributions of Proceeds of Issuance of REIT Shares . In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares, the General Partner shall make Capital Contributions to the Partnership of the proceeds therefrom, provided that if the proceeds actually received and contributed by the General Partner are less than the gross proceeds of such issuance as a result of any underwriter s discount or other expenses paid or incurred in connection with such issuance, then the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of the gross proceeds of such issuance and the Partnership shall be deemed simultaneously to have paid such offering expenses in accordance with Section 6.5 hereof and in connection with the required issuance of additional Partnership Units to the General Partner for such Capital Contributions pursuant to Section 4.2(a) hereof, and any such expenses shall be allocable solely to the Class of Partnership Units issued to the General Partner at such time. 
 
 4.4 Additional Funding . 
 If the General Partner determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership to provide for additional Partnership funds Additional Funds for any Partnership purpose, the General Partner may (i) cause the Partnership to obtain such funds from outside borrowings, or (ii) elect to have the General Partner or any of its Affiliates provide such Additional Funds to the Partnership through loans or otherwise, provided, however, that the Partnership may not borrow money from its Affiliates, unless a majority of the Directors of the General Partner (including a majority of Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such transaction approve the transaction as being fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to the Partnership than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties. 

 21 

4.5 Capital Accounts . (a) A separate capital account (each a Capital Account shall be established and maintained for each Partner in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). If (i) a new or existing Partner acquires an additional Partnership Interest in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution, (ii) the Partnership distributes to a Partner more than a de minimis amount of Partnership property, or money as consideration for a Partnership Interest, (iii) the Partnership is liquidated within the meaning of Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), or (iv) the Partnership grants a Partnership Interest (other than a de minimis interest) as consideration for the provision of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, the General Partner shall revalue the property of the Partnership to its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f). When the Partnership s property is revalued by the General Partner, the Capital Accounts of the Partners shall be adjusted in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and (g), which generally require such Capital Accounts to be adjusted to reflect the manner in which the unrealized gain or loss inherent in such property (that has not been reflected in the Capital Accounts previously) would be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Section 5.1 if there were a taxable disposition of such property for its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) on the date of the revaluation. 

 4.6 Percentage Interests . 
 If the number of outstanding Partnership Units increases or decreases during a taxable year, each Partner s Percentage Interest shall be adjusted by the General Partner effective as of the effective date of each such increase or decrease to a percentage equal to the number of Partnership Units held by such Partner divided by the aggregate number of Partnership Units outstanding after giving effect to such increase or decrease. If the Partners Percentage Interests are adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.6, the Profits and Losses (and items thereof) for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs shall be allocated between the part of the year ending on the day when the Partnership s property is revalued by the General Partner and the part of the year beginning on the following day either (i) as if the taxable year had ended on the date of the adjustment or (ii) based on the number of days in each part. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate Profits and Losses (or items thereof) for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs. The allocation of Profits and Losses (or items thereof) for the earlier part of the year shall be based on the Percentage Interests before adjustment, and the allocation of Profits and Losses (or items thereof) for the later part shall be based on the adjusted Percentage Interests. 
 4.7 No Interest On Contributions . No Partner shall be entitled to interest on its Capital Contribution. 
 4.8 Return Of Capital Contributions . No Partner shall be entitled to withdraw any part of its Capital Contribution or its Capital Account or to receive any distribution from the Partnership, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, there shall be no obligation to return to any Partner or withdrawn Partner any part of such Partner s Capital Contribution for so long as the Partnership continues in existence. 
 4.9 No Third Party Beneficiary . No creditor or other third party having dealings with the Partnership shall have the right to enforce the right or obligation of any Partner 

 22 

to make Capital Contributions or loans or to pursue any other right or remedy hereunder or at law or in equity, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of, and may be enforced solely by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. None of the rights or obligations of the Partners herein set forth to make Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership shall be deemed an asset of the Partnership for any purpose by any creditor or other third party, nor may such rights or obligations be sold, transferred or assigned by the Partnership or pledged or encumbered by the Partnership to secure any debt or other obligation of the Partnership or of any of the Partners. In addition, it is the intent of the parties hereto that no distribution to any Limited Partner shall be deemed a return of money or other property in violation of the Act. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any Limited Partner is obligated to return such money or property, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Limited Partner and not of the General Partner. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a deficit Capital Account of a Partner shall not be deemed to be a liability of such Partner nor an asset or property of the Partnership. Article 5 PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS
 5.1 Allocation of Profit and Loss .
 (a) General Partner Gross Income Allocation . There shall be specially allocated to the General Partner an amount of (i) first, items of Partnership income and (ii) second, items of Partnership gain during each fiscal year or other applicable period, before any other allocations are made hereunder, in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the cumulative distributions made to the General Partner under Section 6.5(b) hereof, over the cumulative allocations of Partnership income and gain to the General Partner under this Section 5.1(a).
 (b) General Allocations. The items of Profit and Loss and deduction of the Partnership for each fiscal year or other applicable period, other than any items allocated under Section 5.1(a), shall be allocated among the Partners in a manner that will, as nearly as possible (after giving effect to the allocations under Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(d), 5.1(e), 5.1(h), 5.1(i) and 5.3) cause the Capital Account balance of each Partner at the end of such fiscal year or other applicable period to equal (i) the amount of the hypothetical distribution that such Partner would receive if the Partnership were liquidated on the last day of such period and all assets of the Partnership, including cash, were sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, taking into account any adjustments thereto for such period, all liabilities of the Partnership were satisfied in full in cash according to their terms (limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Carrying Value of the assets securing such liability) and the remaining cash proceeds (after satisfaction of such liabilities) were distributed in full pursuant to Section 5.6; minus (ii) the sum of such Partner s share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain and the amount, if any and without duplication, that the Partner would be obligated to contribute to the capital of the Partnership, all computed as of the date of the hypothetical sale of assets . 
 (c) Nonrecourse Deductions; Minimum Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, (i) any expense of the Partnership that is a nonrecourse deduction within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1) shall be 

 23 

allocated in accordance with the Partners respective Percentage Interests, (ii) any expense of the Partnership that is a partner nonrecourse deduction within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2) shall be allocated to the Partner or Partners that bear the economic risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such deductions are attributable in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(1), (iii) if there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(f)(1) for any Partnership taxable year, then, subject to the exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(f)(2),(3), (4) and (5), items of gain and income shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(f) and the ordering rules contained in Regulations Section 1.704-2(j), and (iv) if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) for any Partnership taxable year, then, subject to the exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-(2)(g), items of gain and income shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and the ordering rules contained in Regulations Section 1.704-2(j). A Partner s interest in partnership profits for purposes of determining its share of the excess nonrecourse liabilities of the Partnership within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3) shall be such Partner s Percentage Interest.
 (d) Qualified Income Offset. If a Partner unexpectedly receives in any taxable year an adjustment, allocation, or distribution described in subparagraphs (4), (5), or (6) of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) that causes or increases a deficit balance in such Partner s Capital Account that exceeds the sum of such Partner s shares of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, as determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), such Partner shall be allocated specially for such taxable year (and, if necessary, later taxable years) items of income and gain in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate such deficit Capital Account balance as quickly as possible as provided in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). This Section 5.1(d) is intended to constitute a qualified income offset under Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. After the occurrence of an allocation of income or gain to a Partner in accordance with this Section 5.1(d), to the extent permitted by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), items of expense or loss shall be allocated to such Partner in an amount necessary to offset the income or gain previously allocated to such Partner under this Section 5.1(d).
 (e) Capital Account Deficits. Loss (or items of expense or loss) shall not be allocated to a Limited Partner to the extent that such allocation would cause or increase a deficit in such Partner s Capital Account at the end of any fiscal year (after reduction to reflect the items described in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)) to exceed the sum of such Partner s shares of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, as determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5). Any Loss or item of expense or loss in excess of that limitation shall be allocated to the General Partner. After an allocation to the General Partner under the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent permitted by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), Profit or items of income or gain shall be allocated to the General Partner in an amount necessary to offset the items allocated to the General Partner under the immediately preceding sentence.
 (f) Allocations Between Transferor and Transferee. If a Partner transfers any part or all of its Partnership Interest, the distributive shares of the various items of Profit and Loss allocable among the Partners during such fiscal year of the Partnership shall be allocated 

 24 

between the transferor and the transferee Partner either (i) as if the Partnership s fiscal year had ended on the date of the transfer, or (ii) based on the number of days of such fiscal year that each was a Partner without regard to the results of Partnership activities in the respective portions of such fiscal year in which the transferor and the transferee were Partners. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate the distributive shares of the various items of Profit and profit and loss between the transferor and the transferee Partner. 
 (g) Definition of Profit and Loss. Profit and Loss and any items of income, gain, expense, or loss referred to in this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with federal income tax accounting principles, as modified by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), except that Profit and Loss shall not include items of income, gain and expense that are specifically allocated pursuant to Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(d), 5.1(e) or 5.1(h). All allocations of Profit and Loss (and all items contained therein) for federal income tax purposes shall be identical to all allocations of such items set forth in this Section 5.1, except as otherwise required by Section 704(c) of the Code and Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4). The General Partner shall have the authority to elect the method to be used by the Partnership for allocating items of income, gain, and expense as required by Section 704(c) of the Code including a method that may result in a Partner receiving a disproportionately larger share of the Partnership tax depreciation deductions, and such election shall be binding on all Partners. 
 (h) Special Allocations of Class-Specific Items . To the extent that any items of income, gain, loss or deduction of the General Partner are allocable to a specific Class or Classes of REIT Shares as described in the applicable offering documents pursuant to which such REIT Shares were sold, including, without limitation, Distribution Fees, such items, or an amount equal thereto, may be specially allocated to the Classes or Series of Partnership Units corresponding to such Class or Classes of REIT Shares.
 (i) Curative Allocations. The allocations set forth in Section 5.1(c), (d) and (e) of this Agreement (the Regulatory Allocations are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. The General Partner is authorized to offset all Regulatory Allocations either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 5.1(i). Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 5.1 (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the General Partner shall make such offsetting special allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it deems appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Partner s Capital Account is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Partner would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement and all Partnership items were allocated pursuant to Sections 5.1(a), (b), (f) and (h). 
 
 5.2 Distribution of Cash .
 (a) The Partnership may distribute cash on a monthly (or, at the election of the General Partner, more or less frequent) basis, in an amount determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, to the Partners who are Partners on the Partnership Record Date with respect to such quarter (or other distribution period) in accordance with Section 5.2(b); provided, however, that if a new or existing Partner acquires an additional Partnership Interest in 

 25 

exchange for a Capital Contribution on any date other than a Partnership Record Date, the cash distribution attributable to such additional Partnership Interest relating to the Partnership Record Date next following the issuance of such additional Partnership Interest shall be reduced in the proportion equal to one minus (i) the number of days that such additional Partnership Interest is held by such Partner bears to (ii) the number of days between such Partnership Record Date and the immediately preceding Partnership Record Date. 
 (b) Except for distributions pursuant to Section 5.6 of this Agreement in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership and subject to the provisions of Sections 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.3, 5.5 of this Agreement, distributions shall be made to the Partners in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests on the Partnership Record Date, provided that the aggregate distribution made hereunder to the Class T-R Unitholders, the Class D-R Unitholders, the Class D-PR Unitholders and the Class S-PR Unitholders shall be reduced by the respective aggregate Distribution Fee payable by the General Partner with respect to Class T-R REIT Shares, Class D-R REIT Shares, Class D-PR REIT Shares and Class S-PR REIT Shares with respect to such Record Date. In applying this Section 5.2(b), the amount distributed per Partnership Unit of any Class may differ from the amount per Partnership Unit of another Class on account of differences in Class-specific expense allocations with respect to REIT Shares as described in the applicable offering documents pursuant to which such REIT Shares were sold (and of corresponding special allocations among Classes of Partnership Units in accordance with Section 5.1(h) hereof) or for other reasons as determined by the board of directors of the General Partner. Any such differences shall correspond to differences in the amount of distributions per REIT Share for REIT Shares of different Classes, with the same adjustments being made to the amount of distributions per Partnership Unit for Partnership Units of a particular Class as are made to the distributions per REIT Share by the General Partner with respect to REIT Shares having the same Class designation; provided, however, that distributions with respect to Series 2 Class T-R Units and Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall be adjusted in the same manner but correspond to their specific Distribution Fees, which are each equal to 0.35 per annum of the aggregate Net Asset Value Per Unit of the outstanding Series 2 Class T-R Units or outstanding Series 2 Class S-PR Units, respectively.
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Advisory Agreement has not been terminated (including by means of non-renewal), the Special OP Unitholders shall be entitled to a distribution (the Performance Allocation ), promptly following the end of each year (which shall accrue on a monthly basis) in an amount equal to:
 
 (i) the lesser of (A) the amount equal to 12.5 of (1) the Annual Total Return Amount less (2) the Loss Carryforward, and (B) the amount equal to (x) the Annual Total Return Amount, less (y) the Loss Carryforward, less (z) the Hurdle Amount; multiplied by: (ii) the weighted-average number of Partnership Units outstanding during the applicable year, calculated in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis; 
 26 

(iii) provided, that the Performance Allocation shall at no time be less than zero. Except as described in the definition of Loss Carryforward in this Agreement, any amount by which the Annual Total Return Amount falls below the Hurdle Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods. If the Performance Allocation is distributable pursuant to this Section 5.2(c), the Special OP Unitholders shall be entitled to such distribution even in the event that the total percentage return to OP Unitholders over any longer or shorter period, or the total percentage return to any particular OP Unitholder over the same, longer or shorter period, has been less than the Annual Total Return Amount used to calculate the Hurdle Amount. The Special OP Unitholders shall not be obligated to return any portion of any Performance Allocation paid based on the General Partner s or the Partnership s subsequent performance. If the Performance Allocation is being calculated with respect to a year in which the General Partner completes a Liquidity Event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as of the end of the prior calendar year and the value per Partnership Unit determined in connection with such Liquidity Event. In connection with a Listing, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as of the end of the prior calendar year and an amount equal to the market value of the Listed shares based upon the average closing price or, if the average closing price is not available, the average of the bid and asked prices, for the 30-day period beginning 90 days after such Listing. Upon a Liquidity Event other than a Listing, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be deemed to equal the difference between the Ending VPU as of the end of the prior calendar year and an amount equal to the consideration per Fund Interest received by holders of Fund Interests in connection with such Liquidity Event. The Performance Allocation with respect to any calendar year is distributable after the completion of the NAV Calculations for December of such year. The Performance Allocation shall be distributable for each calendar year in which the Advisory Agreement is in effect, even if the Advisory Agreement is in effect for a partial calendar year. If the Performance Allocation is distributable with respect to any partial calendar year, the Performance Allocation shall be calculated based on the annualized total return amount determined using the total return achieved for the period of such partial calendar year. In the event the Advisory Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the partial period Performance Allocation shall be calculated and due and distributable upon the date of such termination or non-renewal. In such event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be determined based on a good faith estimate of what the NAV Calculations would be as of that date; provided, that, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated with respect to a Liquidity Event, the Performance Allocation will be due and distributable in connection with such Liquidity Event and the Annual Total Return Amount will be calculated as set forth in in this Section 5.2(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, upon the triggering of a Pro-Rata Period as defined in the General Partner s share redemption program in effect as of the date hereof (as it may be amended from time to time, the SRP ), distribution of the Performance Allocation shall be deferred until all REIT Share redemption requests under the SRP are satisfied. 
 27 

In the event the Partnership commences a liquidation of its Assets during any calendar year, the Special OP Unitholders shall be distributed the Performance Allocation from the proceeds of the liquidation and the Performance Allocation shall be calculated at the end of the liquidation period prior to the distribution of the liquidation proceeds to the OP Unitholders. The calculation of the Performance Allocation for any partial year shall be calculated consistent with the applicable provisions of this Section 5.2(c). At the election of the Advisor, all or a portion of the Performance Allocation shall be paid instead to the Special OP Unitholders as a fee as set forth in Paragraph 9(a) of the Advisory Agreement. If the Advisor does not elect on or before the first day of a calendar year to have all or a portion of the Performance Allocation paid as a fee in cash to the Special OP Unitholders, then the Performance Allocation shall be distributable to the Special OP Unitholders as set forth in this Section 5.2(c). The Performance Allocation may be payable in cash or as a distribution of Class I-R Units or any combination thereof at the election of the Special OP Unitholders. If the Special OP Unitholders elect to receive such distributions in Class I-R Units, the Special OP Unitholders will receive the number of Class I-R Units that results from dividing an amount equal to the value of the Performance Allocation by the NAV per Class I-R Unit at the time of such distribution. If the Special OP Unitholders elect to receive such distributions in Class I-R Units, the Special OP Unitholders may request the Partnership to redeem such Class I-R Units from the Special OP Unitholders at any time thereafter pursuant to Section 8.5. The measurement of the change in VPU for the purpose of calculating the Annual Total Return Amount is subject to adjustment by the board of directors of the General Partner to account for any dividend, split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the Partnership s capital structure or any distributions that the board of directors of the General Partner deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the Partnership s net assets. The Partnership shall not calculate or accrue the Performance Allocation with respect to any year in which the General Partner has not determined an initial VPU in accordance with the Valuation Procedures. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to cause the Partnership to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state or local law including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the Code. To the extent that the Partnership is required to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner or assignee (including by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), either (i) if the actual amount to be distributed to the Partner equals or exceeds the amount required to be withheld by the Partnership, the amount withheld shall be treated as a distribution of cash in the amount of such withholding to such Partner, or (ii) if the actual amount to be distributed to the Partner is less than the amount required to be withheld by the Partnership, the actual amount shall be treated as a distribution of cash in the amount of such withholding and the additional amount required to be withheld shall be treated as a loan (a Partnership Loan from the Partnership to the Partner on 

 28 

the day the Partnership pays over such amount to a taxing authority. A Partnership Loan shall be repaid through withholding by the Partnership with respect to subsequent distributions to the applicable Partner or assignee. In the event that a Limited Partner (a Defaulting Limited Partner fails to pay any amount owed to the Partnership with respect to the Partnership Loan within fifteen (15) days after demand for payment thereof is made by the Partnership on the Limited Partner, the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, may elect to make the payment to the Partnership on behalf of such Defaulting Limited Partner. In such event, on the date of payment, the General Partner shall be deemed to have extended a loan (a General Partner Loan to the Defaulting Limited Partner in the amount of the payment made by the General Partner and shall succeed to all rights and remedies of the Partnership against the Defaulting Limited Partner as to that amount. Without limitation, the General Partner shall have the right to receive any distributions that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to the Defaulting Limited Partner until such time as the General Partner Loan has been paid in full, and any such distributions so received by the General Partner shall be treated as having been received by the Defaulting Limited Partner and immediately paid to the General Partner.
 
 Any amounts treated as a Partnership Loan or a General Partner Loan pursuant to this Section 5.2(d) shall bear interest at the lesser of (i) the base rate on corporate loans at large United States money center commercial banks, as published from time to time in The Wall Street Journal, or (ii) the maximum lawful rate of interest on such obligation, such interest to accrue from the date the Partnership or the General Partner, as applicable, is deemed to extend the loan until such loan is repaid in full. (e) In no event may a Partner receive a distribution of cash with respect to a Partnership Unit if such Partner is entitled to receive a cash distribution as the holder of record of a REIT Share for which all or part of such Partnership Unit has been or will be exchanged.
 
 5.3 REIT Distribution Requirements . 
 The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to distribute amounts sufficient to enable the General Partner to make shareholder distributions that will allow the General Partner to (i) meet its distribution requirement for qualification as a REIT as set forth in Section 857 of the Code and (ii) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability imposed by the Code. 
 5.4 No Right to Distributions in Kind . No Partner shall be entitled to demand property other than cash in connection with any distributions by the Partnership. 
 5.5 Limitations on Return of Capital Contributions . Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Article 5, no Partner shall have the right to receive and the General Partner shall not have the right to make, a distribution that includes a return of all or part of a Partner s Capital Contributions, unless after giving effect to the return of a Capital Contribution, the sum of all Partnership liabilities, other than the liabilities to a Partner for the return of his Capital Contribution, does not exceed the fair market value of the Partnership s assets. 
 5.6 Distributions Upon Liquidation . Immediately before liquidation of the Partnership, Class T-R Units will automatically convert to Class I-R Units at the Class T-R Conversion Rate, the Class D-R Units will automatically convert to Class I-R Units at the Class D-R Conversion Rate, the Class S-PR Units will automatically convert to Class I-PR Units at the 

 29 

Class S-PR Conversion Rate and the Class D-PR Units will automatically convert to Class I-PR Units at the Class D-PR Conversion Rate. Upon liquidation of the Partnership, after payment of, or adequate provision for, debts and obligations of the Partnership, including any Partner loans, and after making the distribution to the Special OP Unitholders (or payment as a cash fee to the Special OP Unitholders, as applicable) called for by Section 5.2(c) in connection with a liquidation of the Partnership (which shall be deemed the liquidating distribution for the Special OP Unitholders) any remaining assets of the Partnership shall be distributed to all Partners such that the holder of each Partnership Unit receives an amount equal to the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Partnership Unit held. If, however, the remaining assets of the Partnership are not sufficient to pay in full the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Partnership Unit, then the holders of Partnership Units of each Class or Series shall be distributed an amount equal to the product of (i) the remaining assets of the Partnership that are legally available for distribution to the Partners and (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the net asset value of the Partnership allocable to such Class or Series of Partnership Units by (B) the aggregate net asset value of the Partnership, all as calculated as described in the Valuation Procedures. Amounts to be distributed to the holders of each Class or Series of Partnership Units shall be distributed among those holders in proportion to the number of Units of that Class or Series held by each holder. After application of the foregoing, any remaining assets available for distribution to the Partners shall be distributed to the Partners in accordance with their Percentage Interests. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount by which the value, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, of any property other than cash to be distributed in kind to the Partners exceeds or is less than the Carrying Value of such property shall, to the extent not otherwise recognized by the Partnership, be taken into account in computing Profit and Loss of the Partnership for purposes of crediting or charging the Capital Accounts of, and distributing proceeds to, the Partners, pursuant to this Agreement. To the extent deemed advisable by the General Partner, appropriate arrangements (including the use of a liquidating trust) may be made to assure that adequate funds are available to pay any contingent debts or obligations. 5.7 Substantial Economic Effect . It is the intent of the Partners that the allocations of Profit and Loss, under this Agreement have substantial economic effect (or be consistent with the Partners interests in the Partnership in the case of the allocation of losses attributable to nonrecourse debt) within the meaning of Section 704(b) of the Code as interpreted by the Regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. Article 5 and other relevant provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 Article 6 RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER
 6.1 Management of the Partnership .
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have full, complete and exclusive discretion to manage and control the business of the Partnership for the purposes herein stated, and shall make all decisions affecting the business and assets of the Partnership. Subject to the restrictions specifically contained in this Agreement, 

 30 

the powers of the General Partner shall include, without limitation, the authority to take the following actions on behalf of the Partnership:
 (i) to acquire, purchase, own, operate, lease, dispose and exchange of any Assets, that the General Partner determines are necessary or appropriate or in the best interests of the business of the Partnership;
 (ii) to construct buildings and make other improvements on the properties owned or leased by the Partnership;
 (iii) to authorize, issue, sell, redeem or otherwise purchase any Partnership Interests or any securities (including secured and unsecured debt obligations of the Partnership, debt obligations of the Partnership convertible into any Class or Series of Partnership Interests, or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to any Partnership Interests) of the Partnership;
 (iv) to borrow or lend money for the Partnership, issue or receive evidences of indebtedness in connection therewith, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such indebtedness, and secure such indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s assets;
 (v) to pay, either directly or by reimbursement, for all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the Partnership to third parties or to the General Partner or its Affiliates as set forth in this Agreement;
 (vi) to guarantee or become a co-maker of indebtedness of the General Partner or any Subsidiary thereof, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such guarantee or indebtedness, and secure such guarantee or indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s assets;
 (vii) to use assets of the Partnership (including, without limitation, cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with this Agreement, including, without limitation, payment, either directly or by reimbursement, of all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the General Partner, the Partnership or any Subsidiary of either, to third parties or to the General Partner as set forth in this Agreement;
 (viii) to lease all or any portion of any of the Partnership s assets, whether or not the terms of such leases extend beyond the termination date of the Partnership and whether or not any portion of the Partnership s assets so leased are to be occupied by the lessee, or, in turn, subleased in whole or in part to others, for such consideration and on such terms as the General Partner may determine;
 (ix) to prosecute, defend, arbitrate, or compromise any and all claims or liabilities in favor of or against the Partnership, on such terms and in such manner as the General Partner may reasonably determine, and similarly to prosecute, settle or defend litigation with respect to the Partners, the Partnership, or the Partnership s assets; 

 31 

(x) to file applications, communicate, and otherwise deal with any and all governmental agencies having jurisdiction over, or in any way affecting, the Partnership s assets or any other aspect of the Partnership business;
 (xi) to make or revoke any election permitted or required of the Partnership by any taxing authority;
 (xii) to maintain such insurance coverage for public liability, fire and casualty, and any and all other insurance for the protection of the Partnership, for the conservation of Partnership assets, or for any other purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership, in such amounts and such types, as it shall determine from time to time;
 (xiii) to determine whether or not to apply any insurance proceeds for any property to the restoration of such property or to distribute the same;
 (xiv) to establish one or more divisions of the Partnership, to hire and dismiss employees of the Partnership or any division of the Partnership, and to retain legal counsel, accountants, consultants, real estate brokers, and such other persons, as the General Partner may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with the Partnership business and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper;
 (xv) to retain other services of any kind or nature in connection with the Partnership business, and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper;
 (xvi) to negotiate and conclude agreements on behalf of the Partnership with respect to any of the rights, powers and authority conferred upon the General Partner;
 (xvii) to maintain accurate accounting records and to file promptly all federal, state and local income tax returns on behalf of the Partnership;
 (xviii) to distribute Partnership cash or other Partnership assets in accordance with this Agreement;
 (xix) to form or acquire an interest in, and contribute property to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint ventures or other relationships that it deems desirable (including, without limitation, the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, its Subsidiaries and any other Person in which it has an equity interest from time to time);
 (xx) to establish Partnership reserves for working capital, capital expenditures, contingent liabilities, or any other valid Partnership purpose; 
 (xxi) to merge, consolidate or combine the Partnership with or into another Person;

 32 

(xxii) to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code; and
 (xxiii) to take such other action, execute, acknowledge, swear to or deliver such other documents and instruments, and perform any and all other acts that the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation and conduct of the business and affairs of the Partnership (including, without limitation, all actions consistent with allowing the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT unless the General Partner voluntarily terminates its REIT status) and to possess and enjoy all of the rights and powers of a general partner as provided by the Act.
 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided herein, to the extent the duties of the General Partner require expenditures of funds to be paid to third parties, the General Partner shall not have any obligations hereunder except to the extent that partnership funds are reasonably available to it for the performance of such duties, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize or require the General Partner, in its capacity as such, to expend its individual funds for payment to third parties or to undertake any individual liability or obligation on behalf of the Partnership.
 
 6.2 Delegation of Authority . 
 The General Partner may delegate any or all of its powers, rights and obligations hereunder, and may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any Person for the transaction of the business of the Partnership, which Person may, under supervision of the General Partner, perform any acts or services for the Partnership as the General Partner may approve. 
 6.3 Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees .
 (a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Partnership shall indemnify an Indemnitee from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Partnership as set forth in this Agreement in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, unless it is established that: (i) the act or omission of the Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (ii) the Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership.
 (b) The Partnership shall reimburse an Indemnitee for reasonable expenses incurred by an Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of (i) a written affirmation by the Indemnitee of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Partnership as authorized in this Section 6.3 has been met, and (ii) a written undertaking by or on 

 33 

behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met.
 (c) The indemnification provided by this Section 6.3 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee or any other Person may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the Partners, as a matter of law or otherwise, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity.
 (d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, on behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by such Person in connection with the Partnership s activities, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement.
 (e) For purposes of this Section 6.3, the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of this Section 6.3; and actions taken or omitted by the Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the best interests of the Partnership.
 (f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement.
 (g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 6.3 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement.
 (h) The provisions of this Section 6.3 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons.
 
 6.4 Liability of the General Partner .
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership or any Partners for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of errors in judgment or of any act or omission if the General Partner acted in good faith. The General Partner shall not be in breach of any duty that the General Partner may owe to the Limited Partners or the Partnership or any other Persons under this Agreement or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity provided the General Partner, acting in good faith, abides by the terms of this Agreement.
 (b) The Limited Partners expressly acknowledge that the General Partner is acting on behalf of the Partnership, itself and its shareholders collectively, that the General Partner 

 34 

is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the Limited Partners (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to Limited Partners or the tax consequences of some, but not all, of the Limited Partners) in deciding whether to cause the Partnership to take (or decline to take) any actions. In the event of a conflict between the interests of its shareholders on one hand and the Limited Partners on the other, the General Partner shall endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partners; provided, however, that for so long as the General Partner directly owns a controlling interest in the Partnership, any such conflict that the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partner shall be resolved in favor of the shareholders. The General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by Limited Partners in connection with such decisions, provided that the General Partner has acted in good faith. 
 (c) Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 6.1 hereof, the General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it under this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents. The General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by it in good faith.
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or the Act, any action of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or any decision of the General Partner to refrain from acting on behalf of the Partnership, undertaken in the good faith belief that such action or omission is necessary or advisable in order (i) to protect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or (ii) to prevent the General Partner from incurring any taxes under Section 857, Section 4981, or any other provision of the Code, is expressly authorized under this Agreement and is deemed approved by all of the Limited Partners.
 (e) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 6.4 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the General Partner s liability to the Partnership and the Limited Partners under this Section 6.4 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when claims relating to such matters may arise or be asserted.
 
 6.5 Reimbursement of General Partner .
 (a) Except as provided in this Section 6.5 and elsewhere in this Agreement (including the provisions of Articles 5 and 6 regarding distributions, payments, and allocations to which it may be entitled), the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as general partner of the Partnership.
 (b) The General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine in its sole and absolute discretion, for all Administrative Expenses incurred by the General Partner.

35 

6.6 Outside Activities . 
 Subject to (a) Section 6.8 hereof, (b) the Charter and (c) any agreements entered into by the General Partner or its Affiliates with the Partnership, a Subsidiary or any officer, director, employee, agent, trustee, Affiliate or shareholder of the General Partner, the General Partner shall be entitled to and may have business interests and engage in business activities in addition to those relating to the Partnership, including business interests and activities substantially similar or identical to those of the Partnership. Neither the Partnership nor any of the Limited Partners shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in any such business ventures, interests or activities. None of the Limited Partners nor any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement or the partnership relationship established hereby in any such business ventures, interests or activities, and the General Partner shall have no obligation pursuant to this Agreement to offer any interest in any such business ventures, interests and activities to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, even if such opportunity is of a character which, if presented to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, could be taken by such Person. 
 6.7 Employment or Retention of Affiliates .
 (a) Any Affiliate of the General Partner may be employed or retained by the Partnership and may otherwise deal with the Partnership (whether as a buyer, lessor, lessee, manager, furnisher of goods or services, broker, agent, lender or otherwise) and may receive from the Partnership any compensation, price, or other payment therefor which the General Partner determines to be fair and reasonable.
 (b) The Partnership may lend or contribute to its Subsidiaries or other Persons in which it has an equity investment, and such Persons may borrow funds from the Partnership, on terms and conditions established in the sole and absolute discretion of the General Partner. The foregoing authority shall not create any right or benefit in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person.
 (c) The Partnership may transfer assets to joint ventures, other partnerships, corporations or other business entities in which it is or thereby becomes a participant upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the General Partner deems are consistent with this Agreement, applicable law and the REIT status of the General Partner.
 (d) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, neither the General Partner nor any of its Affiliates shall sell, transfer or convey any property to, or purchase any property from, the Partnership, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to transactions that are, in the General Partner s sole discretion, on terms that are fair and reasonable to the Partnership.

36 

6.8 General Partner Participation . 
 The General Partner agrees that all business activities of the General Partner, including activities pertaining to the acquisition, development or ownership of any Asset shall be conducted through the Partnership or one or more Subsidiary Partnerships; provided, however, that the General Partner is allowed to make a direct acquisition, but if and only if, such acquisition is made in connection with the issuance of Additional Securities, which direct acquisition and issuance have been approved and determined to be in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership by a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 6.9 Title to Partnership Assets . Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Partnership assets or any portion thereof. Title to any or all of the Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner or one or more nominees, as the General Partner may determine, including Affiliates of the General Partner. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any Partnership assets for which legal title is held in the name of the General Partner or any nominee or Affiliate of the General Partner shall be held by the General Partner for the use and benefit of the Partnership or one or more Subsidiary Partnerships in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause beneficial and record title to such assets to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable. All Partnership assets shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such Partnership assets is held. 
 6.10 Redemptions and Exchanges of REIT Shares . 
 (a) Redemptions . In the event the General Partner redeems any REIT Shares, then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to purchase from the General Partner a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series) as determined based on the application of the Conversion Factor for that Class and Series of Partnership Units on the same terms that the General Partner redeemed such REIT Shares. Moreover, if the General Partner makes a cash tender offer or other offer to acquire REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series), then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to make a corresponding offer to the General Partner to acquire an equal number of Partnership Units held by the General Partner that have the same Class designation as the REIT Shares that are subject to the offer. In the event any REIT Shares are redeemed by the General Partner pursuant to such offer, the Partnership shall redeem an equivalent number of the General Partner s Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series) for an equivalent purchase price based on the application of the Conversion Factor for that Class and Series of Partnership Units.
 (b) Exchanges . If the General Partner exchanges any REIT Shares of any Class Exchanged REIT Shares for REIT Shares of a different Class Received REIT Shares ), then the General Partner shall, and shall cause the Partnership to, exchange a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the Exchanged REIT Shares, as determined based on 

 37 

the application of the Conversion Factor, for Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the Received REIT Shares on the same terms that the General Partner exchanged the Exchanged REIT Shares. The exchange of Units shall occur automatically after the close of business on the applicable date of the exchange of REIT Shares, as of which time the holder of a Class of Units having the same designation as the Exchanged REIT Shares shall be credited on the books and records of the Partnership with the issuance, as of the opening of business on the next day, of the applicable number of Units having the same designation as the Received REIT Shares. 
 
 6.11 No Duplication of Fees or Expenses . 
 The Partnership may not incur or be responsible for any fee or expense (in connection with the Offering or otherwise) that would be duplicative of fees and expenses paid by the General Partner. 
 Article 7 CHANGES IN GENERAL PARTNER
 7.1 Transfer of the General Partner s Partnership Interest .
 (a) The General Partner shall not transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest or withdraw as General Partner except as provided in, or in connection with a transaction contemplated by, Section 7.1(b), (c) or (d).
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4(b) or Section 7.1(c) or (d) hereof, the General Partner shall not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another Person or sale of all or substantially all of its assets (other than in connection with a change in the General Partner s state of incorporation or organizational form) in each case which results in a change of Control of the General Partner (a Transaction ), unless:
 (i) the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests and more than 50 of the Special Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners is obtained;
 (ii) as a result of such Transaction all Limited Partners will receive or have the right to receive for each Partnership Unit of each Class or Series an amount of cash, securities, or other property equal to the product of the Conversion Factor for that Class or Series of Partnership Unit and the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in the Transaction to a holder of one REIT Share having the same Class designation as that Partnership Unit in consideration of such REIT Share, provided that if, in connection with the Transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer Offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding REIT Shares, each holder of Partnership Units shall be given the option to exchange its Partnership Units for the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property which a Limited Partner holding such Class or Series of Partnership Units would have received had it (A) exercised its Redemption Right and (B) sold, tendered or exchanged pursuant to the Offer the REIT Shares received upon exercise of the Redemption Right immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer; or 
 (iii) the General Partner is the surviving entity in the Transaction and either (A) the holders of REIT Shares do not receive cash, securities, or other property in the Transaction or (B) all Limited Partners (other than the General Partner or any Subsidiary) have the 

 38 

right to receive in exchange for their Partnership Units of each Class or Series, an amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) that is no less than the product of the Conversion Factor for that Class or Series of Partnership Unit and the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) received in the Transaction by any holder of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Partnership Units being exchanged. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(b), the General Partner may merge with or into or consolidate with another entity if immediately after such merger or consolidation (i) substantially all of the assets of the successor or surviving entity (the Survivor ), other than Partnership Units held by the General Partner, are contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution in exchange for Partnership Units with a fair market value equal to the value of the assets so contributed as determined by the Survivor in good faith and (ii) the Survivor expressly agrees to assume all obligations of the General Partner, as appropriate, hereunder. Upon such contribution and assumption, the Survivor shall have the right and duty to amend this Agreement as set forth in this Section 7.1(c). The Survivor shall in good faith arrive at a new method for the calculation of the Cash Amount, the REIT Shares Amount and Conversion Factor for a Partnership Unit of each Class and Series after any such merger or consolidation so as to approximate the existing method for such calculation as closely as reasonably possible. Such calculation shall take into account, among other things, the kind and amount of securities, cash and other property that was receivable upon such merger or consolidation by a holder of REIT Shares of each Class or options, warrants or other rights relating thereto, and which a holder of Partnership Units of any Class or Series could have acquired had such Partnership Units been exchanged immediately prior to such merger or consolidation. Such amendment to this Agreement shall provide for adjustment to such method of calculation, which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for with respect to the Conversion Factor for each Class or Series of Partnership Units. The Survivor also shall in good faith modify the definition of REIT Shares and make such amendments to Section 8.5 so as to approximate the existing rights and obligations set forth in Section 8.5 as closely as reasonably possible. The above provisions of this Section 7.1(d) shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations permitted hereunder. 
 
 Subject to Section 6.4(b), in respect of any transaction described in this Section 7.1, the General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to structure such transaction to avoid causing the Limited Partners to recognize a gain for federal income tax purposes by virtue of the occurrence of or their participation in such transaction, provided such efforts are consistent with the exercise of the fiduciary duties of the board of directors of the General Partner to the shareholders of the General Partner under applicable law. (d) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(b),
 (i) a General Partner may transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest to (A) a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such General Partner or (B) the owner of all of the ownership interests of such General Partner, and following a transfer of all of its General Partnership Interest, may withdraw as General Partner; and

 39 

(ii) the General Partner may engage in any transaction that is not required to be submitted to the vote of the holders of the REIT Shares by (A) law or (B) the rules of any national securities exchange on which one or more Classes of REIT Shares are Listed.
 
 7.2 Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner . 
 A Person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner of the Partnership only if the following terms and conditions are satisfied: 
 (a) the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart thereof and such other documents or instruments as may be required or appropriate in order to effect the admission of such Person as a General Partner, and a certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a General Partner shall have been filed for recordation and all other actions required by Section 2.5 hereof in connection with such admission shall have been performed;
 (b) if the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is a corporation or a partnership it shall have provided the Partnership with evidence satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of such Person s authority to become a General Partner and to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and
 (c) counsel for the Partnership shall have rendered an opinion (relying on such opinions from other counsel and the state or any other jurisdiction as may be necessary) that (x) the admission of the person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is in conformity with the Act and (y) none of the actions taken in connection with the admission of such Person as a substitute or additional General Partner will cause (i) the Partnership to be classified other than as a partnership for federal tax purposes, or (ii) the loss of any Limited Partner s limited liability.
 
 7.3 Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of a General Partner .
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a) hereof) or the death, withdrawal, deemed removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Partnership shall be dissolved and terminated unless the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b) hereof. The merger of the General Partner with or into any entity that is admitted as a substitute or successor General Partner pursuant to Section 7.2 hereof shall not be deemed to be the withdrawal, dissolution or removal of the General Partner. 
 (b) Following the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a) hereof) or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if a General Partner is, on the date of such occurrence, a partnership, the withdrawal of, death, dissolution, 

 40 

Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Limited Partners, within ninety (90) days after such occurrence, may elect to continue the business of the Partnership for the balance of the term specified in Section 2.4 hereof by selecting, subject to Section 7.2 hereof and any other provisions of this Agreement, a substitute General Partner by consent of the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners. If the Limited Partners elect to continue the business of the Partnership and admit a substitute General Partner, the relationship with the Partners and of any Person who has acquired an interest of a Partner in the Partnership shall be governed by this Agreement.
 
 7.4 Removal of a General Partner .
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to, or the dissolution of, a General Partner, such General Partner shall be deemed to be removed automatically; provided, however, that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death or dissolution of, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of, a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of the General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners. The Limited Partners may not remove the General Partner, with or without cause.
 (b) If a General Partner has been removed pursuant to this Section 7.4 and the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3 hereof, such General Partner shall promptly transfer and assign its General Partnership Interest in the Partnership to the substitute General Partner approved by the Limited Partners in accordance with Section 7.3(b) hereof and otherwise admitted to the Partnership in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof. At the time of assignment, the removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive from the substitute General Partner the fair market value of the General Partnership Interest of such removed General Partner as reduced by any damages caused to the Partnership by such General Partner. Such fair market value shall be determined by an appraiser mutually agreed upon by the General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interest of all Limited Partners within ten (10) days following the removal of the General Partner. In the event that the parties are unable to agree upon an appraiser, the removed General Partner and a majority in interest of the Limited Partners each shall select an appraiser. Each such appraiser shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest within thirty (30) days of the General Partner s removal, and the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals; provided, however, that if the higher appraisal exceeds the lower appraisal by more than 20 of the amount of the lower appraisal, the two appraisers, no later than forty (40) days after the removal of the General Partner, shall select a third appraiser who shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest no later than sixty (60) days after the removal of the General Partner. In such case, the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals closest in value.
 (c) The General Partnership Interest of a removed General Partner, during the time after the occurrence of an event described in Section 7.4(a) until transfer under Section 7.4(b), shall be converted to that of a special Limited Partner; provided, however, such removed 

 41 

General Partner shall not have any rights to participate in the management and affairs of the Partnership, and shall not be entitled to any portion of the income, expense, profit, gain or loss allocations or cash distributions allocable or payable, as the case may be, to the Limited Partners. Instead, such removed General Partner shall receive and be entitled only to retain distributions or allocations of such items that it would have been entitled to receive in its capacity as General Partner, until the transfer is effective pursuant to Section 7.4(b).
 (d) All Partners shall have given and hereby do give such consents, shall take such actions and shall execute such documents as shall be legally necessary, desirable and sufficient to effect all the foregoing provisions of this Section. 
 
 Article 8 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS
 8.1 Management of the Partnership . 
 The Limited Partners shall not participate in the management or control of Partnership business nor shall they transact any business for the Partnership, nor shall they have the power to sign for or bind the Partnership, such powers being vested solely and exclusively in the General Partner. 
 8.2 Power of Attorney . Each Limited Partner hereby irrevocably appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, who may act for each Limited Partner and in its name, place and stead, and for its use and benefit, to sign, acknowledge, swear to, deliver, file or record, at the appropriate public offices, any and all documents, certificates, and instruments as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the General Partner to carry out fully the provisions of this Agreement and the Act in accordance with their terms, which power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall survive the death, dissolution or legal incapacity of the Limited Partner, or the transfer by the Limited Partner of any part or all of its Partnership Interest. 
 8.3 Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall be liable for any debts, liabilities, contracts or obligations of the Partnership. A Limited Partner shall be liable to the Partnership only to make payments of its Capital Contribution, if any, as and when due hereunder. After its Capital Contribution is fully paid, no Limited Partner shall, except as otherwise required by the Act, be required to make any further Capital Contributions or other payments or lend any funds to the Partnership. 
 8.4 Ownership by Limited Partner of Corporate General Partner or Affiliate . No Limited Partner shall at any time, either directly or indirectly, own any stock or other interest in the General Partner or in any Affiliate thereof, if such ownership by itself or in conjunction with other stock or other interests owned by other Limited Partners would, in the opinion of counsel for the Partnership, jeopardize the classification of the Partnership as a partnership for federal tax purposes. The General Partner shall be entitled to make such reasonable inquiry of the Limited Partners as is required to establish compliance by the Limited Partners with the provisions of this Section. 
 8.5 Redemption Right .
 (a) Subject to Sections 8.5(b), 8.5(c), 8.5(d), 8.5(e) and 8.5(f) and the provisions of any agreements between the Partnership and one or more Limited Partners with 

 42 

respect to Partnership Units held by them, each Limited Partner other than the General Partner, after holding any Class or Series of Partnership Units for at least one year (such Partnership Units, Eligible Units ), shall have the right (subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein) to require the Partnership to redeem (a Redemption all or a portion of the Eligible Units held by such Limited Partner in exchange (a Redemption Right for Class T-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Series 1, Series 2 or Series 3 Class T-R Units), Class D-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Series 1 or Series 2 Class D-R Units), Class I-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class I-R Units), Class S-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Series 1 or Series 2, Class S-PR Units), Class D-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class D-PR Units), or Class I-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class I-PR Units) issuable on, or the Cash Amount payable on, the Specified Redemption Date, as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion, provided that such Eligible Units (the Tendered Units shall have been outstanding for at least one year. Any Redemption Right shall be exercised pursuant to a Notice of Redemption delivered to the Partnership (with a copy to the General Partner) by the Limited Partner exercising the Redemption Right (the Tendering Party ). Within 30 days of receipt of a Notice of Redemption, the Partnership will send to the Limited Partner submitting the Notice of Redemption a response stating whether the General Partner has determined the applicable Eligible Units will be redeemed for REIT Shares or the Cash Amount. Within 30 days of the Partnership s delivery of its response, the Limited Partner must affirm to the Partnership that such Limited Partner wishes to proceed with the Redemption, or the request for Redemption will be cancelled (the date such affirmation is received by the Partnership is the Affirmation Date ). Following such affirmation, the Limited Partner shall still be entitled to withdraw the Notice of Redemption if (i) it provides notice to the Partnership that it wishes to withdraw the request and (ii) the Partnership receives the notice no less than two business days prior to the Specified Redemption Date.
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Special OP Unitholders, the Advisor and any Person to whom the Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor transfers Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units (collectively with the Special OP Unitholders and the Advisor, the Sponsor Parties shall have the right to require the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Partnership Units pursuant to this Section 8.5 at any time irrespective of the period the Partnership Units have been held by such Limited Partner; provided, however, that in the event the Sponsor Parties hold Partnership Units paid or distributed with respect to the Performance Allocation or Performance Component (as defined in the Advisory Agreement) from any prior calendar year, other than the Partnership Units most recently allocated or paid, and requests the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of such Partnership Units (the Partnership Unit Balance the Partnership will be required to redeem such Partnership Unit Balance only if the General Partner, based on reasonable projections, (i) has determined that, after redeeming such Partnership Unit Balance, the General Partner expects to have liquidity (from any available source, but taking into account current and future funding commitments, as well as leverage considerations) equal to or in excess of the NAV of the maximum amount of REIT Shares which can be redeemed under the then-current SRP for at least the next ninety days (the Minimum Liquidity Requirement and (ii) at the time of the redemption request, 100 of all properly submitted redemption requests in the SRP as of the most recent quarter end and the most recent month end (the Redemption Period have been honored (collectively, with the Minimum Liquidity Requirement, the Redemption Requirements ). In the event that the General Partner deems that the Redemption Requirements have not been met, then the Sponsor Parties may only redeem their respective Partnership Unit Balances up to the lesser of 
 43 

(A) a percentage of their respective Partnership Unit Balances equal to the lowest of the pro rata percentages of REIT Shares redeemed under the SRP within the Redemption Period, or (B) an amount that causes the Minimum Liquidity Requirement to still be met. If the General Partner deems that the Redemption Requirements have not been met and there was no pro rata redemption under the SRP during the Redemption Period, the Sponsor Parties may only redeem an amount that causes the Minimum Liquidity Requirement to still be met. The above Partnership Unit redemption restriction shall not apply in the event that the General Partner terminates the Advisory Agreement. The Partnership shall redeem any Partnership Units of the Sponsor Parties for the Cash Amount unless the board of directors of the General Partner determines that any such redemption for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or this Agreement, in which case such Partnership Units will be redeemed for an amount of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Tendered Units with an aggregate NAV equivalent to the aggregate NAV of such Partnership Units. Redemption requests from multiple Sponsor Parties, if applicable, will be honored on a pro rata basis, if redemptions are limited pursuant to the foregoing. No Limited Partner, other than the Sponsor Parties, may deliver more than two Notices of Redemption during each calendar year. A Limited Partner, other than the Sponsor Parties, may not exercise the Redemption Right for less than 1,000 Partnership Units or, if such Limited Partner holds less than 1,000 Partnership Units, all of the Partnership Units held by such Partner. The Tendering Party shall have no right, with respect to any Partnership Units so redeemed, to receive any distribution paid with respect to such Partnership Units if the record date for such distribution is on or after the Specified Redemption Date. (b) If the General Partner elects to cause the Partnership to redeem Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, then (I) Tendered Units that are Series 1, Series 2 or Series 3 Class T-R Units shall be redeemed for Class T-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class I-R Units shall be redeemed for Class I-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Series 1 or Series 2 Class D-R Units shall be redeemed for Class D-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Series 1 or Series 2, Class S-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class S-PR REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class I-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class I-PR REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class D-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class D-PR REIT Shares and (II) the Partnership shall direct the General Partner to issue and deliver such REIT Shares to the Tendering Party pursuant to the terms set forth in this Section 8.5(b), in which case, (i) the General Partner, acting as a distinct legal entity, shall assume directly the Partnership s obligation with respect thereto and shall satisfy the Tendering Party s exercise of its Redemption Right, and (ii) such transaction shall be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as a transfer by the Tendering Party of such Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for REIT Shares. The percentage of the Tendered Units tendered for Redemption by the Tendering Party for which the General Partner elects to issue REIT Shares (rather than cash) is referred to as the Applicable Percentage. In making such election to acquire Tendered Units, the Partnership shall act in a fair, equitable and reasonable manner that neither prefers one group or class of Limited Partners over another nor discriminates against a group or class of Limited Partners. If the Partnership elects to redeem any number of Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, on the Specified Redemption Date, the Tendering Party shall sell such number of the Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for a number of REIT Shares equal to the product of (A) the REIT Shares Amount, and (B) the Applicable Percentage. Such number of REIT Shares shall be delivered by the General Partner as duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and accessible REIT Shares free of any pledge, lien, 

 44 

encumbrance or restriction, other than the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as calculated in accordance with the Charter) and other restrictions provided in the Charter, the bylaws of the General Partner, the Securities Act and relevant state securities or blue sky laws. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.5(a) and this Section 8.5(b), the Tendering Parties shall have no rights under this Agreement that would otherwise be prohibited under the Charter.
 (c) In connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5, the Tendering Party shall submit the following to the General Partner, in addition to the Notice of Redemption:
 
 (1) A written affidavit, dated the same date as the Notice of Redemption, (a) disclosing the actual and constructive ownership, as determined for purposes of Code Sections 856(a)(6) and 856(h), of REIT Shares by (i) such Tendering Party and (ii) any Related Party and (b) representing that, after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party will own REIT Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable the Excepted Holder Limit); (2) A written representation that neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party has any intention to acquire any additional REIT Shares prior to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date; (3) An undertaking to certify, at and as a condition to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date, that either (a) the actual and constructive ownership of REIT Shares by the Tendering Party and any Related Party remain unchanged from that disclosed in the affidavit required by Section 8.5(c)(1) or (b) after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party shall own REIT Shares in violation of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable, the Excepted Holder Limit); (4) With respect to any Cash Amount to be received by a Tendering Party, a waiver and release in a form acceptable to the Partnership and the General Partner; and (5) An undertaking that all Partnership Units being delivered for redemption are free and clear of all liens, it being understood that the Partnership shall not be under any obligation to redeem, and that the General Partner accordingly shall not be under any obligation to assume the Partnerhip s obligation to acquire, Partnership Units which are or may be subject to any liens. (6) Any other documents as the General Partner may reasonably require. (d) Any Cash Amount to be paid to a Tendering Party pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid on the Specified Redemption Date; provided, however, that the Partnership may elect to delay the Specified Redemption Date for up to an additional 180 days to the extent required for the Partnership to accumulate liquidity from the operation of its business as described in Article 3(i) and (ii) or from borrowings to be repaid from liquidity generated by such operations (provided that any such borrowings shall not be funded, co-borrowed or guaranteed by 

 45 

the General Partner) so as to enable the Partnership to effectuate the payment of such Cash Amount to a Tendering Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to cause the closing of the acquisition of Tendered Units hereunder to occur as quickly as reasonably possible.
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner shall place appropriate restrictions on the ability of the Limited Partners to exercise their Redemption Rights to prevent, among other things, (a) any person from owning shares in excess of the Common Share Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and the Excepted Holder Limit, (b) the General Partner s common stock from being owned by less than 100 persons, the General Partner from being closely held within the meaning of section 856(h) of the Code, and as and if deemed necessary to ensure that the Partnership does not constitute a publicly traded partnership under section 7704 of the Code. If and when the General Partner determines that imposing such restrictions is necessary, the General Partner shall give prompt written notice thereof to each of the Limited Partners holding Partnership Units, which notice shall be accompanied by a copy of an opinion of counsel to the Partnership which states that, in the opinion of such counsel, restrictions are necessary in order to avoid having the Partnership be treated as a publicly traded partnership under section 7704 of the Code.
 (f) A redemption fee may be charged (other than to the Sponsor Parties and their respective affiliates) in connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless a waiver of such fee has been granted or a higher or lower fee was set forth in the applicable offering documents for the Partnership Units (or offering documents for a security or interest that was exchanged or converted for Partnership Units at the option of the Partnership or pursuant the terms of this Agreement), a redemption fee of 1.0 of the Cash Amount or REIT Shares Amount otherwise payable to a Limited Partner upon redemption of any Partnership Units (other than from the Sponsor Parties and their respective affiliates) pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid by such Limited Partner to BC Exchange Industrial Advisor Group LLC; the Operating Partnership shall deduct such amount from the Cash Amount or REIT Shares Amount otherwise payable to such Limited Partner and pay it to BC Exchange Industrial Advisor Group LLC, on behalf of the Limited Partner. To the extent that a transaction (a Unit Transaction occurs in which any Partnership Units which are subject to a redemption fee under this Section 8.5(f) are acquired (for cash or securities), transferred, merged, converted, tendered, or disposed of in any other similar transaction, then unless the beneficiaries of such redemption fees identified herein otherwise agree in their reasonable discretion (which may include requiring that any applicable counterparty execute an agreement agreeing to continue to collect and remit such redemption fees following the Unit Transaction), the Operating Partnership will be obligated to collect the redemption fees in connection with the closing of such Unit Transaction and remit the same to the applicable beneficiaries.
 (g) Each Limited Partner further agrees that, if any state or local property transfer tax is payable as a result of the transfer of its Partnership Units to the Partnership or the Parent, such Limited Partner shall assume and pay such transfer tax.
 
 8.6 Distribution Reinvestment Plan .

46 

OP Unitholders may have the opportunity to enroll in the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan by completing an enrollment form which is available upon request. A copy of the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan is also available upon request. The shares of the General Partner s common stock which may be issued under the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan are offered only by a prospectus or private placement memorandum for the distribution reinvestment plan offering. To the extent the Partnership makes a distribution reinvestment plan available, OP Unitholders may have the opportunity to enroll in such distribution reinvestment plan. Article 9 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
 9.1 Purchase for Investment .
 (a) Each Limited Partner hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner and to the Partnership that the acquisition of his Partnership Interest is made as a principal for his account for investment purposes only and not with a view to the resale or distribution of such Partnership Interest. 
 (b) Each Limited Partner agrees that he will not sell, assign or otherwise transfer his Partnership Interest or any fraction thereof, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise, to any Person who does not make the representations and warranties to the General Partner set forth in Section 9.1(a) above and similarly agree not to sell, assign or transfer such Partnership Interest or fraction thereof to any Person who does not similarly represent, warrant and agree.
 
 9.2 Restrictions on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests .
 (a) Subject to the provisions of 9.2(b) and (c), no Limited Partner may offer, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any portion of his Limited Partnership Interest, or any of such Limited Partner s economic rights as a Limited Partner, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise (collectively, a Transfer without the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that each of the Sponsor Parties may transfer all or any portion of its respective Partnership Interest, or any of its economic rights as a Limited Partner, to any of its Affiliates or any trust, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity established by or at the direction of such Sponsor Party or any of its Affiliates without the consent of the General Partner. Any such purported transfer undertaken without such consent shall be considered to be null and void ab initio and shall not be given effect. The General Partner may require, as a condition of any Transfer to which it consents, that the transferor assume all costs incurred by the Partnership in connection therewith.
 (b) No Limited Partner may withdraw from the Partnership other than as a result of a permitted Transfer (i.e., a Transfer effected as contemplated by clause (a) above or clause (c) below or a Transfer pursuant to Section 9.5 below) of all of its Partnership Interest pursuant to this Article 9 or pursuant to a redemption of all of its Partnership Units pursuant to Section 8.5. Upon the permitted Transfer or redemption of all of a Limited Partner s Partnership Interest, such Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner.

 47 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 9.2(a) and subject to Sections 9.2(d), (e) and (f) below, a Limited Partner may Transfer, without the consent of the General Partner, all or a portion of its Partnership Interest to (i) a parent or parent s spouse, natural or adopted descendant or descendants, spouse of such descendant, or brother or sister, or a trust created by such Limited Partner for the benefit of such Limited Partner and/or any such person(s), of which trust such Limited Partner or any such person(s) is a trustee, (ii) a corporation controlled by a Person or Persons named in clause (i) above, or (iii) if the Limited Partner is an entity, its beneficial owners.
 (d) No Limited Partner may effect a Transfer of its Limited Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, if, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, such proposed Transfer would require the registration of the Limited Partnership Interest under the Securities Act or would otherwise violate any applicable federal or state securities or blue sky law (including investment suitability standards).
 (e) No Transfer by a Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, may be made to any Person if (i) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, the transfer would result in the Partnership s being treated as an association taxable as a corporation (other than a qualified REIT subsidiary within the meaning of Section 856(i) of the Code), (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, it would adversely affect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or subject the General Partner to any additional taxes under Section 857 or Section 4981 of the Code, or (iii) such transfer is effectuated through an established securities market or a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof) within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code. 
 (f) No transfer by a Limited Partner of any Partnership Interest may be made to a lender to the Partnership or any Person who is related (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-4(b)) to any lender to the Partnership whose loan constitutes a nonrecourse liability (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)), without the consent of the General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that as a condition to such consent the lender will be required to enter into an arrangement with the Partnership and the General Partner to exchange or redeem for the Cash Amount any Partnership Units in which a security interest is held simultaneously with the time at which such lender would be deemed to be a Partner in the Partnership for purposes of allocating liabilities to such lender under Section 752 of the Code.
 (g) Any Transfer in contravention of any of the provisions of this Article 9 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not be binding upon, or recognized by, the Partnership.
 (h) Prior to the consummation of any Transfer under this Article 9, the transferor and/or the transferee shall deliver to the General Partner such opinions, certificates and other documents as the General Partner shall request in connection with such Transfer.

48 

9.3 Admission of Substitute Limited Partner .
 (a) Subject to the other provisions of this Article 9, an assignee of the Limited Partnership Interest of a Limited Partner (which shall be understood to include any purchaser, transferee, donee, or other recipient of any disposition of such Limited Partnership Interest) shall be deemed admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership only with the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, and upon the satisfactory completion of the following:
 (i) The assignee shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart or an amendment thereof, including a revised Exhibit A , and such other documents or instruments as the General Partner may require in order to effect the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner.
 (ii) To the extent required, an amended Certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner shall have been signed, acknowledged and filed for record in accordance with the Act.
 (iii) The assignee shall have delivered a letter containing the representation set forth in Section 9.1(a) hereof and the agreement set forth in Section 9.1(b) hereof.
 (iv) If the assignee is a corporation, partnership or trust, the assignee shall have provided the General Partner with evidence satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of the assignee s authority to become a Limited Partner under the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
 (v) The assignee shall have executed a power of attorney containing the terms and provisions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof.
 (vi) The assignee shall have paid all legal fees and other expenses of the Partnership and the General Partner and filing and publication costs in connection with its substitution as a Limited Partner.
 (vii) The assignee has obtained the prior written consent of the General Partner to its admission as a Substitute Limited Partner, which consent may be given or denied in the exercise of the General Partner s sole and absolute discretion.
 
 (b) For the purpose of allocating Profits and Losses and distributing cash received by the Partnership, a Substitute Limited Partner shall be treated as having become, and appearing in the records of the Partnership as, a Partner upon the filing of the Certificate described in Section 9.3(a)(ii) hereof or, if no such filing is required, the later of the date specified in the transfer documents or the date on which the General Partner has received all necessary instruments of transfer and substitution.
 (c) The General Partner shall cooperate with the Person seeking to become a Substitute Limited Partner by preparing the documentation required by this Section and making all official filings and publications. The Partnership shall take all such action as promptly as 

 49 

practicable after the satisfaction of the conditions in this Article 9 to the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner of the Partnership.
 
 9.4 Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests .
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof, except as required by operation of law, the Partnership shall not be obligated for any purposes whatsoever to recognize the assignment by any Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest until the Partnership has received notice thereof. 
 (b) Any Person who is the assignee of all or any portion of a Limited Partner s Limited Partnership Interest, but does not become a Substitute Limited Partner and desires to make a further assignment of such Limited Partnership Interest, shall be subject to all the provisions of this Article 9 to the same extent and in the same manner as any Limited Partner desiring to make an assignment of its Limited Partnership Interest.
 
 9.5 Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner . 
 The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a Limited Partner, the death of a Limited Partner or a final adjudication that a Limited Partner is incompetent (which term shall include, but not be limited to, insanity) shall not cause the termination or dissolution of the Partnership, and the business of the Partnership shall continue if an order for relief in a bankruptcy proceeding is entered against a Limited Partner, the trustee or receiver of his estate or, if he dies, his executor, administrator or trustee, or, if he is finally adjudicated incompetent, his committee, guardian or conservator, shall have the rights of such Limited Partner for the purpose of settling or managing his estate property and such power as the bankrupt, deceased or incompetent Limited Partner possessed to assign all or any part of his Partnership Interest and to join with the assignee in satisfying conditions precedent to the admission of the assignee as a Substitute Limited Partner. 
 9.6 Joint Ownership of Interests . A Partnership Interest may be acquired by two individuals as joint tenants with right of survivorship, provided that such individuals either are married or are related and share the same home as tenants in common. The written consent or vote of both owners of any such jointly held Partnership Interest shall be required to constitute the action of the owners of such Partnership Interest; provided, however, that the written consent of only one joint owner will be required if the Partnership has been provided with evidence satisfactory to the counsel for the Partnership that the actions of a single joint owner can bind both owners under the applicable laws of the state of residence of such joint owners. Upon the death of one owner of a Partnership Interest held in a joint tenancy with a right of survivorship, the Partnership Interest shall become owned solely by the survivor as a Limited Partner and not as an assignee. The Partnership need not recognize the death of one of the owners of a jointly-held Partnership Interest until it shall have received notice of such death. Upon notice to the General Partner from either owner, the General Partner shall cause the Partnership Interest to be divided into two equal Partnership Interests, which shall thereafter be owned separately by each of the former owners. 

 50 

Article 10 BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS
 10.1 Books and Records . At all times during the continuance of the Partnership, the Partners shall keep or cause to be kept at the Partnership s specified office true and complete books of account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including: (a) a current list of the full name and last known business address of each Partner, (b) a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all Certificates of amendment thereto, (c) copies of the Partnership s federal, state and local income tax returns and reports, (d) copies of this Agreement and amendments thereto and any financial statements of the Partnership for the three most recent years and (e) all documents and information required under the Act. Any Partner or its duly authorized representative, upon paying the costs of collection, duplication and mailing, shall be entitled to inspect or copy such records during ordinary business hours. 
 10.2 Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts .
 (a) All funds of the Partnership not otherwise invested shall be deposited in one or more accounts maintained in such banking or brokerage institutions as the General Partner shall determine, and withdrawals shall be made only on such signature or signatures as the General Partner may, from time to time, determine.
 (b) All deposits and other funds not needed in the operation of the business of the Partnership may be invested by the General Partner in investment grade instruments (or investment companies whose portfolio consists primarily thereof), government obligations, certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and municipal notes and bonds. The funds of the Partnership shall not be commingled with the funds of any other Person except for such commingling as may necessarily result from an investment in those investment companies permitted by this Section 10.2(b).
 
 10.3 Fiscal and Taxable Year . 
 The fiscal and taxable year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year. 
 10.4 Annual Tax Information and Report . Within seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Partnership, the General Partner shall furnish to each person who was a Limited Partner at any time during such year the tax information necessary to file such Limited Partner s individual tax returns as shall be reasonably required by law. 

 51 

10.5 Tax Matters Partner; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments; Partnership Representative .
 (a) The General Partner shall be the Tax Matters Partner of the Partnership within the meaning of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. As Tax Matters Partner, the General Partner shall have the right and obligation to take all actions authorized and required, respectively, by the Code for the Tax Matters Partner. The General Partner shall have the right to retain professional assistance in respect of any audit of the Partnership by the Service and all out-of-pocket expenses and fees incurred by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership as Tax Matters Partner shall constitute Partnership expenses. In the event the General Partner receives notice of a final Partnership adjustment under Section 6223(a)(2) of the Code, the General Partner shall either (i) file a court petition for judicial review of such final adjustment within the period provided under Section 6226(a) of the Code, a copy of which petition shall be mailed to all Limited Partners on the date such petition is filed, or (ii) mail a written notice to all Limited Partners, within such period, that describes the General Partner s reasons for determining not to file such a petition.
 (b) All elections required or permitted to be made by the Partnership under the Code or any applicable state or local tax law shall be made by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion.
 (c) In the event of a transfer of all or any part of the Partnership Interest of any Partner, the Partnership, at the option of the General Partner, may elect pursuant to Section 754 of the Code to adjust the basis of the Partnership s assets. Notwithstanding anything contained in Article 5 of this Agreement, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 754 of the Code shall affect only the successor in interest to the transferring Partner and in no event shall be taken into account in establishing, maintaining or computing Capital Accounts for the other Partners for any purpose under this Agreement. Each Partner will furnish the Partnership with all information necessary to give effect to such election.
 (d) For all tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, this Section 10.5(d) shall apply, and all references to Code sections in this Section 10.5(d) refer to such sections of the Code as in effect after taking into account the amendments provided by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114). The Partners shall cause the Partnership to appoint the Tax Matters Partner or an affiliate thereof as the partnership representative to act on its behalf with respect to any audit, controversy, refund action, or other matter. Such partnership representative shall have the rights, power and authority to act as, and perform the duties and obligations of, the partnership representative (as such term is used in Section 6223 of the Code), provided that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the partnership representative shall have the same obligations, be subject to the same restrictions and limitations, and granted the rights and protections, in each case, as imposed on or granted to, the Tax Matters Partner under this Section 10.5(a) through (c) . It is the intent of the Partners and the Partnership that, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, no income tax, interest, penalties or additions to tax shall ever be assessed against the Partnership pursuant to Sections 6221 or 6225 of the Code, and the Partnership, each of the Partners and any representative thereof shall take all actions (including but not limited to executing any election or consent) necessary to implement such intent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the request of all Partners with a Percentage Interest of fifty percent (50 or more, the Partnership and the 

 52 

partnership representative shall (i) cause the Partnership to elect out of the application of Section 6221 of the Code by making an election, where permissible, under Section 6221(b) of the Code or (ii) in the event of a partnership adjustment within the meaning of Section 6225 of the Code, cause the Partnership to make an election, where permissible under Section 6226 of the Code, to treat such partnership adjustment as an adjustment to be taken into account by each Partner (or former Partner) in accordance with Section 6226(b) of the Code. In the event the Partnership is liable for any imputed underpayment with respect to items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit that should have been allocated to a Partner for the applicable year, such Partner shall promptly reimburse the Partnership for such amount and such reimbursement shall not be considered a Capital Contribution to the Partnership by such Partner. The foregoing shall apply even if the applicable Partner is no longer a Partner of the Partnership at the time the Partnership becomes liable for such imputed underpayment. 
 
 10.6 Reports to Limited Partners .
 (a) As soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal quarter (other than the last quarter of the fiscal year), the General Partner shall cause to be mailed to each Limited Partner a quarterly report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal quarter, presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal year, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed to each Limited Partner an annual report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal year, presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The annual financial statements shall be audited by accountants selected by the General Partner.
 (b) Any Partner shall further have the right to a private audit of the books and records of the Partnership at the expense of such Partner, provided such audit is made for Partnership purposes and is made during normal business hours.
 
 10.7 Safe Harbor Election 
 . The Partners agree that, in the event the Safe Harbor Regulation is finalized, the Partnership shall be authorized and directed to make the Safe Harbor Election and the Partnership and each Partner (including any person to whom an interest in the Partnership is transferred in connection with the performance of services) agrees to comply with all requirements of the Safe Harbor with respect to all interests in the Partnership transferred in connection with the performance of services while the Safe Harbor Election remains effective. The Tax Matters Partner shall be authorized to (and shall) prepare, execute, and file the Safe Harbor Election. 
 Article 11 AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER
 The General Partner s consent shall be required for any amendment to this Agreement. The General Partner, without the consent of the Limited Partners, may amend this Agreement in any respect or merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into any other partnership or business 
 53 

entity (as defined in Section 17-211 of the Act) in a transaction pursuant to Section 7.1(b), (c) or (d) hereof; provided, however, that (1) the following amendments described in Section 11(a), 11(b), 11(c) and 11(d), and any other merger or consolidation of the Partnership, shall require the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners and (2) the following amendments described in Section 11(e) shall require the consent of Special OP Unitholders holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests of the Special OP Unitholders: (a) any amendment affecting the operation of the Conversion Factor or the Redemption Right (except as provided in Section 8.5(d) or 7.1(c) hereof) in a manner adverse to the Limited Partners;
 (b) any amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Limited Partners to receive the distributions payable to them hereunder, other than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof;
 (c) any amendment that would alter the Partnership s allocations of profit and loss to the Limited Partners, other than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof; or 
 (d) any amendment that would impose on the Limited Partners any obligation to make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership.
 (e) any amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Special OP Unitholders under this Agreement.
 
 Article 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS
 12.1 Notices . 
 All communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or upon deposit in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid return receipt requested, to the Partners at the addresses set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto; provided, however, that any Partner may specify a different address by notifying the General Partner in writing of such different address. Notices to the Partnership shall be delivered at or mailed to its specified office. 
 12.2 Survival of Rights . Subject to the provisions hereof limiting transfers, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Partners and the Partnership and their respective legal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. 
 12.3 Additional Documents . 
 Each Partner agrees to perform all further acts and execute, swear to, acknowledge and deliver all further documents which may be reasonable, necessary, appropriate or desirable to carry out the provisions of this Agreement or the Act. 
 12.4 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall be deemed to be severable 

 54 

from this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in any event such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder hereof. 12.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire Agreement of the Partners and supersede all prior written agreements and prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 12.6 Pronouns and Plurals . When the context in which words are used in the Agreement indicates that such is the intent, words in the singular number shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the neuter or female gender as the context may require. 
 12.7 Headings . The Article headings or sections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in construing the scope of this Agreement or any particular Article. 
 12.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the same counterpart. 
 12.9 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that any cause of action for violation of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section 12.9. 
 12.10 Effectiveness . Pursuant to Section 17-201(d) of the Act, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date set forth in the Recitals. 
 
 55 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunder affixed their signatures to this Agreement, all as of the date first above written. GENERAL PARTNER: ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC., a Maryland corporation By: /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Name: Jeffrey W. Taylor Title: Co-President 

LIMITED PARTNER: ARES INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC., a Maryland corporation, on its own behalf and as attorney-in-fact for all Limited Partners other than the Special OP Unitholder By: /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Name: Jeffrey W. Taylor Title: Co-President SPECIAL OP UNITHOLDER: BCI IV INCENTIVE FEE LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as sole Special OP Unitholder By: AIREIT Incentive Fee GP LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as its General Partner By: Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as its sole member By: /s/ ANTON FEINGOLD Name: Anton Feingold Title: Vice President 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 aire-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 12, 2024 /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 aire-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott A. Seager, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 /s/ SCOTT A. SEAGER Scott A. Seager Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 aire-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Scott A. Seager, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 12, 2024 /s/ SCOTT A. SEAGER Scott A. Seager Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 aire-20240930xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT VALUATION ADVISOR We hereby consent to the references to our name and the description of our role in the valuation process described in the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Net Asset Value in Part I, Item 2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Ares Industrial Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company ), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, being included or incorporated by reference in (i) the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-228818) and (ii) the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255376). In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933. 

November 12, 2024 /s/ Altus Group U.S. Inc. Altus Group U.S. Inc. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 aire-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 aire-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 aire-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 aire-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 aire-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

