<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1987731_0001987731-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4530016</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80131</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>939454</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1301847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1123424</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1003466</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001987731-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113142426
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001987731-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WTI Fund XI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001987731
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				921737785
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01718
		FILM NUMBER:		241453192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 LA MESA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			PORTOLA VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94028
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-234-4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 LA MESA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			PORTOLA VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001987731-24-000016.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 wti-20240930.htm
 WTI XI 10-Q Q3 2024

wti-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ______________ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [x] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [x] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [x] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Class Outstanding as of November 13, 2024 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 INDEX 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Statements of Assets and Liabilities (Unaudited) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Condensed Statements of Changes in Net Assets (Unaudited) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Condensed Schedules of Investments (Unaudited) As of September 30, 2024 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item 4. Controls and Procedures PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Item 5. Other Information Item 6. Exhibits SIGNATURES 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (UNAUDITED) 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Loans, at estimated fair value (cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Dividend and interest receivables Deferred debt facility expenses Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Borrowings under debt facility Due to Manager Accrued management fees Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Total liabilities NET ASSETS ) Analysis of Net Assets: Capital paid in on shares of capital stock Cumulative return of capital distributions ) Total distributable losses ) ) Net assets (equivalent to and per share based on shares of capital stock outstanding - See Note 5 and Note 10) 
 ) Commitments Contingent Liabilities: Unexpired unfunded commitments (See Note 9) 

See notes to condensed financial statements (unaudited). 
 3 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Period Ended September 30, 2023 INVESTMENT INCOME: Interest on loans Other income Total investment income EXPENSES: Management fees Interest expense Banking and professional fees Directors' fees Organizational costs Other operating expenses Total expenses Net investment loss ) ) ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) ) ) ) Amounts per common share: Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations per share Weighted average shares outstanding 

The Fund commenced investment operations on June 26, 2024. 

See notes to condensed financial statements (unaudited). 

4 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (UNAUDITED) 
 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Return of Capital Distributions Total Distributable Losses Net Assets Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Return of capital to shareholder ) ) Contributions from shareholder Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Return of capital to shareholder ) ) Contributions from shareholder Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

See notes to condensed financial statements (unaudited). 
 5 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net decrease in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of deferred costs related to borrowing facility Origination of loans ) Principal payments on loans, net of accretion Acquisition of equity securities ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Net increase in dividend and interest receivables ) Net increase in other assets ) Net increase in due to Manager, accounts payable, other accrued liabilities and accrued management fees Net cash used in operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Contributions from shareholder Borrowings under debt facility Payments of bank facility fees and costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning of period End of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD: Interest - Debt facility NON-CASH OPERATING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Distributions of equity securities to shareholder 

See notes to condensed financial statements (unaudited). 
 6 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Internet Realm Living, Inc. Senior Secured 12/1/2027 Internet Total Other Technology Carbon Ridge, Inc. Senior Secured 7/1/2028 Creoate Limited Senior Secured 4/1/2028 Owlet Baby Care, Inc. Senior Secured 1/1/2028 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 1/1/2028 Other Technology Total Software AI Netomi, Inc. Senior Secured 11/1/2027 Merlyn Mind, Inc. Senior Secured 8/1/2028 Merlyn Mind, Inc. Senior Secured 9/1/2028 Merlyn Mind, Inc. Subtotal Truepic Inc. Senior Secured 12/1/2027 Vesta Housing, Inc. Senior Secured 3/1/2026 ZeroCater, Inc. Senior Secured 11/1/2027 Software Total Technology Services Prima Holdings Limited Senior Secured 1/1/2028 Technology Services Total Wireless Juvo Mobile, Inc. Senior Secured 1/1/2028 Wireless Total Grand Total 
 
 Ticker Symbol Percent of Net Assets Cost Fair Value Cash Equivalents First American Government Obligations Fund - Class Z FGZXX Total Cash Equivalents 
 of the Fund s total assets represented non-qualifying assets. Under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, the Fund is prohibited from acquiring any additional non-qualifying assets unless, at the time of acquisition, certain specified qualifying assets (e.g., securities issued by an eligible portfolio company, as defined in Section 2(a)(46)) represent at least 70 of its total assets. As part of this calculation, the numerator consists of the fair value of the Fund's investments in all eligible portfolio companies, and the denominator consists of total assets less those assets described in Section 55(a)(7) of the 1940 Act. 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, all loans were made to non-affiliates. 
 
 See notes to condensed financial statements (unaudited). 
 7 

WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. 
 and is managed by Westech Investment Advisors LLC (the Manager or Management whose ultimate parent is P10, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 The Fund will be dissolved on June 26, 2034 unless the Board of Directors (the Board opts to elect early dissolution. percent of the stock of the Fund is held by WTI Fund XI, LLC (the Company ). Prior to commencing investment operations on June 26, 2024, the Fund issued shares of common stock at par value (the Shares for to the Company. This issuance of stock was a requirement to apply for a finance lender s license from the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which was obtained on February 13, 2024. 
 
 The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superior risk-adjusted investment returns and it seeks to achieve that objective by providing debt financing to portfolio companies, most of which are private. The Fund generally expects to receive warrants to acquire equity securities in connection with its portfolio investments and generally expects to distribute these warrants to its shareholder upon receipt, or soon thereafter. The Fund also has guidelines for the percentages of total assets that are invested in different types of assets. 

2. 

bank accounts with financial institutions, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. ("MUFG Bank") and U.S. Bank National Association ("US Bank"), and as a result are subject to custodial concentration risk for cash and cash equivalents. Any cash held at US Bank in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limit of 250,000 is uninsured by the FDIC, while all cash held at MUFG Bank is uninsured by the FDIC. Within cash and cash equivalents, as of September 30, 2024, the Fund held units in the First American Government Obligations Fund Class Z (Ticker Symbol: FGZXX) valued at per unit at a yield of and in cash, which together represented of the net assets of the Fund. Within cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents consisted of of cash held in one bank account with MUFG Bank. 

8 

million (or of total assets), with the fair value determined by the Manager in the absence of readily determinable market values. As of December 31, 2023, the Fund had not yet commenced investment operations and accordingly had no nonmarketable investments. Because of the inherent uncertainty of these valuations, estimated fair values of such investments may differ significantly from the fair values that would have been used had a readily available market for the securities existed, and the differences could be material. Below is the information used by the Manager in making these estimates. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The Fund defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to lower a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Because there is no readily available market price and no secondary market for substantially all of the debt investments made by the Fund in its borrowing portfolio companies, Management determines fair value based on a transaction that would occur in the most advantageous market, and on several factors related to each borrower, including, but not limited to, the borrower s payment history, available cash and burn rate, revenues, net income or loss, the likelihood that the borrower will be able to secure additional financing in the future, and an evaluation of the general interest rate environment. The amount of any valuation adjustment considers the estimated amount and timing of cash payments of principal and interest from the borrower and/or liquidation analysis and is determined based upon a credit analysis of the borrower and an analysis of the expected recovery from the borrower, including consideration of factors such as the nature and quality of the Fund s security interests in collateral, the estimated fair value of the Fund s collateral, the size of the loan, and the estimated time that will elapse before the Fund achieves a recovery. Where the risk profile is consistent with the original underwriting, the cost basis of substantially all of the loans approximates fair value. Management has evaluated these factors and has concluded that the effect of deterioration in the quality of the underlying collateral, increase in size of the loan, increase in the estimated time to recovery and increase in the market coupon rate would have the effect of lowering the fair value of the current portfolio of loans. 
 
 Non-Accrual Loans 
 
 The Fund s policy is to classify a loan as non-accrual when the portfolio company is delinquent for three consecutive months on its monthly loan payment or for a lesser timeframe, if, in the opinion of Management, the portfolio company either ceases or drastically curtails its operations and Management deems that it is unlikely that the loan will return to performing status. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status and the related interest is determined to not be collectible, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed. Any future interest received by the Fund on non-accrual loans will be recognized as interest income if and when the proceeds exceed the book value of the respective loan. 
 If a borrower of a non-accrual loan resumes making regular payments and Management believes that such borrower has regained the ability to service the loan on a sustainable basis, the loan is reclassified back to accrual or performing status. Interest that would have been accrued during the time a loan was classified as non-accrual will be added back to the remaining payment schedule, causing a change in the effective interest rate. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no loans were classified as non-accrual. 
 
 Warrants and Equity Securities 
 
 Warrants and equity securities received in connection with loan transactions are considered to be free standing contracts that are both legally detachable and separately exercisable from the related loan transactions and are measured at fair value at the time of acquisition. Warrants are valued based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model which considers, among several factors, the underlying stock value, expected term, volatility, and risk-free interest rate. It is anticipated that such securities will be distributed by the Fund to the Company simultaneously with, or shortly following, their acquisition. 
 The underlying asset value is estimated based on available information. 
 Volatility, or the amount of uncertainty or risk about the size of the changes in the warrant price, is based on an index of publicly traded companies grouped by industry and which are similar in nature to the underlying portfolio companies issuing the warrant Industry Index ). The volatility assumption for each Industry Index is based on the average volatility for individual public companies within the portfolio company s industry for a period of time approximating the expected life of the warrants. An increase in the volatility of the warrants used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. 
 
 9 

. The effect of an increase in the estimated initial term of the warrants used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. However, the estimated initial term of the warrants is one factor, of many, used in the valuation of warrants, and by itself does not have a significant impact on the results of operations. 
 The risk-free interest rate is derived from the constant maturity tables issued by the U.S. Treasury Department. The effect of an increase in the estimated risk-free rate used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. 

3. 

10 

Weighted Average Interest Rate Non-Cash Weighted-Average Interest Rate 

million . Refer to Note 6 for additional information about the debt facility which was established in August 2024, therefore no comparative information is provided. 
 
 Valuation Hierarchy 
 
 Under the FASB ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement ), the Fund categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used by the Fund s valuation techniques. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
 
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. Level 2 Prices or valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
 
 There were no transfers in or out of Level 1, 2 or 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Fund s cash equivalents were valued at the traded net asset value of the money market fund. As a result, these measurements are classified as Level 1. The Fund s borrowings under the debt facility are also classified as Level 2, because the carrying values of the borrowings are based on rates that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, which are Level 2 inputs, and that approximate fair values. The Fund s loan investments are individually negotiated and unique, and because there is little to no market in which these assets trade, the unobservable inputs for these assets are valued using estimated exit values. As a result, the Fund's loan investments are classified as Level 3. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Fund had not yet commenced investment operations and held no investments. Therefore, no comparative information related to fair value measurements is included in the disclosures that follow below. 

11 

Most advantageous market analysis Most advantageous market coupon rate 
 Other Technology Most advantageous market analysis Most advantageous market coupon rate - 
 Software Most advantageous market analysis Most advantageous market coupon rate - 
 Technology Services Most advantageous market analysis Most advantageous market coupon rate 
 Wireless Most advantageous market analysis Most advantageous market coupon rate 
 Total Loan Investments 
 a) The weighted-average most advantageous market coupon rates were calculated using the relative fair value of the loans. 
 There is only loan within this industry that utilizes this valuation technique. 
 
 Cash equivalents Total LIABILITIES: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Borrowings under debt facility Total 
 For a detailed listing of borrowers comprising this amount, please refer to the Condensed Schedule of Investments. 

Acquisitions and originations Principal payments on loans, net of accretion ) ) Distributions to shareholder ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 There we no changes in unrealized gains (losses) from the loans still held as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 There were no Level 3 liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 

12 

4. 

5. 
 
 shares of par value common stock authorized, and shares issued and outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has contributed and , respectively, to the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Fund has distributed of equity securities to the Company. There were distributions made during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

6. 
 
 . 
 
 On August 1, 2024, the Fund entered into a loan and security agreement with MUFG Bank Ltd. as the administrative agent and with lenders named therein that established a secured revolving credit facility in an initial amount of up to with the option to request that borrowing availability be increased up to , subject to further negotiation and credit approval. 
 
 Borrowings by the Fund are collateralized by (i) all portfolio investments and substantially all other assets held by the Fund and its subsidiaries, (ii) all equity interests of the Company in the Fund and all direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Fund, and (iii) the pledge of the uncalled capital commitments of all investors in the Company. Loans under the facility may be, at the option of the Fund, a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, calculated at Term SOFR or Daily Compounded SOFR (each as defined below). The facility terminates on August 1, 2027, but can be accelerated in the event of default, such as the failure by the Fund to make timely interest or principal payments. 
 
 The Fund pays interest on its borrowings. Borrowings under the facility, at the Fund s discretion, will bear interest at an annual rate of either a (i) Reference Rate, plus an Applicable Reference Rate Margin (such loan, a "Reference Rate Loan"), (ii) Term SOFR plus the Applicable SOFR Margin (such loan, a "Term SOFR Loan") or (iii) Daily Compounded SOFR plus the Applicable SOFR Margin (such loan, a "Daily Compounded SOFR Loan"). As of September 30, 2024, the Fund s outstanding borrowings were entirely Term SOFR Loans. The interest period for each Term SOFR Loan shall at the option of the Fund be fixed at one , three or . Applicable SOFR Margin is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the Subscription Percentage calculated for such period and (ii) and (b) the product of (i) the Portfolio Leverage Percentage for such period and (ii) . 
 
 The Fund also pays a fee on the unused portion of the facility. When the Fund is using or more of the maximum amount available under the loan agreement, the applicable commitment fee is of the unused portion of the loan facility; otherwise, the applicable commitment fee is of the unused portion. The Fund pays the unused credit line fee quarterly. As of September 30, 2024, was outstanding under the facility. 

13 

incurred in connection with the acquisition of the facility have been capitalized and are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the facility, which is expected to terminate on August 1, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining unamortized fees and costs amounted to . 
 
 The facility is revolving and as such does not have a specified repayment schedule, although advances are secured by the assets of the Fund and thus repayments will be required as assets decline. The facility contains various covenants including financial covenants related to: (i) minimum debt service coverage ratio, (ii) interest coverage ratio, (iii) unfunded commitment ratio, (iv) maximum quarterly loan loss reserve ratio, (v) maximum annual loan loss reserve ratio and (vi) maximum loan loss test. There are also various restrictive covenants, including limitations on: (i) the incurrence of liens, (ii) consolidations, mergers and asset sales and (iii) capital expend itures. The Fund is also required to maintain derivative instruments covering a notional principal amount equal to at least of the outstanding borrowings if subscription borrowing base is less than of the Fund's borrowing base. As of September 30, 2024, Management is not aware of instances of non-compliance with financial covenants and the Fund is not yet required to comply with the minimum derivative requirement. 
 
 August 1, 2027 - 
 
 Total Outstanding 
 . 

7. 
 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7 Year 8 Year 9 
 There will be Management Fee payable after the ninth-year anniversary of the first capital contribution date. 
 
 For the period from June 25, 2024 (initial capital call due date) through September 30, 2024, the Management Fee was calculated at of the Company's committed capital. Management Fees of and were recognized as expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. There were Management Fees for the period from February 1, 2023, date of incorporation, through December 31, 2023, as the Fund had not commenced investment operations. 

14 

and , respectively. 
 
 Transactions with WTI Fund X, Inc. ("Fund X") 
 
 The Manager also serves as investment manager for Fund X. So long as Fund X has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2031 (the date on which Fund X s existence automatically expires), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund X invests, subject to the approval of the Fund's Board. The Manager s allocation process is designed to allocate investment opportunities fairly and equitably among the Fund and Fund X over time, and subject to board approval, may be based on a methodology taking into account investment pace, the remaining commitment periods and other relevant factors. 
 
 The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund X, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the conditions Conditions with which the funds are currently complying while seeking certain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC from the provisions of Sections 17(d) and 57 of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder. To the extent that clients, other than Fund X, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
 Intercreditor Agreements 
 
 In all transactions in which the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager invest or those in which another lender(s) has either invested or may later invest (or in the event a successor fund is raised, in which the Fund and the successor fund invest), it is expected that the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund as the case may be), and/or the other lender(s) will enter into an intercreditor agreement pursuant to which the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund), and/or the other lender(s), along with any predecessor funds which still have a balance outstanding, will cooperate in pursuing their remedies following a default by the common borrower. Generally, under such intercreditor agreements, each party would agree that its security interest would be treated in parity with the security interest of the other party, regardless of which security interest would have priority under applicable law. Accordingly, proceeds realized from the sale of any collateral or the exercise of any other creditor s rights will be allocated between the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager, and any predecessor funds as described above, pro rata in accordance with the amounts of their respective investments. An exception to the foregoing arrangement would occur in situations where, for example, one of the lenders financed specific items of equipment collateral; in that case, usually the lender who financed the specific assets will have a senior lien on that asset, and the other lenders will have a junior priority lien (even though they may ratably share liens of equal priority on other assets of the common borrower). As a result of such intercreditor agreements, the Fund may have less flexibility in pursuing its remedies following a default than it would have had had there been no intercreditor agreement, and the Fund may therefore realize fewer proceeds. In addition, because the Fund and Fund X (or the successor fund) invest at the same time in the same borrower, such borrower would be required to service two loans rather than one. Any additional administrative costs or burdens resulting therefrom may make the Fund a less attractive lender and may make it more difficult for the Fund to acquire such loans. 

8. 

9. COMMITMENTS AND 
 
 million. Because venture loans are privately negotiated transactions, investments in these assets are relatively illiquid. It is the Manager s experience that not all unexpired unfunded commitments will be used by the borrowers. Many credit agreements contain provisions which are milestone dependent and not all borrowers will achieve these milestones. Additionally, the Fund s credit agreements contain provisions that give relief from funding obligations in the event the borrower has a material adverse change to its financial condition. Therefore, the unexpired unfunded commitments do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements or future investments for the Fund. 

15 

01/31/2025 Carbon Ridge, Inc. Other Technology 04/01/2025 Creoate Limited Other Technology 05/31/2025 Juvo Mobile, Inc. Wireless 11/15/2024 Owlet Baby Care, Inc. Other Technology 08/15/2025 Prima Holdings Limited Technology Services 04/30/2026 Truepic Inc. Software 12/31/2024 Vesta Housing, Inc. Software 05/31/2025 ZeroCater, Inc. Software 01/31/2025 Total 
 
 There were no unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Manager may enter into certain contracts, on behalf of the Fund, that contain a variety of indemnifications. The Fund s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would involve future claims that may be made that have not yet occurred. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Fund has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 

10. 

16 

Per share amounts: Net asset value, beginning of period ) (c) 
 Net investment loss ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Return of capital to shareholder ) ) Contributions from shareholder Net asset value, end of period Net assets, end of period Ratios to average net assets: Expenses (d) 
 Net investment loss (d) 
 Portfolio turn-over rate Average debt outstanding (a) From June 26, 2024, commencement of investment operations, through September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Total return amount presented above is not annualized. 
 (c) Purchase price per share of (See Note 5) reduced by per share of organizational costs and expenses incurred prior to commencement of investment operations. 
 (d) Annualized, except for organizational costs of for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 26, 2024 to September 30, 2024. 

11. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 In addition to the historical information contained herein, the information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements reflect the current view of the Fund with respect to future events and financial performance and are subject to several risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Fund s control. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Quarterly Report, regarding the strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of the Fund are forward-looking statements. For example, statements in this Form 10-Q regarding the potential future impact of the Ukraine War, conflicts in the Middle East, results of U.S. national and local elections, worldwide inflation, interest rate volatility and natural disasters on the Fund's business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words will, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. The Fund does not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether resulting from new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 The reader of this Quarterly Report should understand that all such forward-looking statements are subject to various uncertainties and risks that could affect their outcome. The Fund s actual results could differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, variances in the actual versus projected growth in assets, return on assets, loan losses, expenses, rates charged on loans and earned on securities investments, competition and macro-economic changes including inflation, interest rate expectations, among other factors including those set forth in the section of this Quarterly Report titled Risk Factors and in Item 1A - Risk Factors in the Fund s Form 10. This entire Quarterly Report should be read to put such forward-looking statements in context and to gain a more complete understanding of the uncertainties and risks involved in the Fund s business. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Fund is 100 owned by the Company. The Fund s shares of common stock, at 0.001 par value, were sold to its sole shareholder, the Company, under a stock purchase agreement. The Fund has issued 100,000 of the Fund s 10,000,000 authorized shares. The Company may make additional capital contributions to the Fund. 
 The Fund provides financing and advisory services to a variety of carefully selected venture-backed companies that have received equity funding from traditional sources of venture capital equity funding i.e. a professionally managed venture capital firm), as well as non-traditional sources of venture capital equity funding (e.g., angel investors, strategic investors, family offices, crowdfunding investment platforms, etc.) (collectively, Venture-Backed Companies ), primarily throughout the United States, with a focus on growth-oriented companies. The Fund s portfolio consists of companies in the communications, information services, media, technology (including software and technology-enabled business services), biotechnology, and medical devices industry sectors, among others. The Fund s capital is generally used by its portfolio companies to finance acquisitions of fixed assets and working capital. The Fund's Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective on April 1, 2024 and the Fund elected to be treated as a BDC on April 11, 2024. On June 25, 2024, the Company called and received its first capital and made its first capital contribution to the Fund on the following day. The Fund commenced its investment activities on June 26, 2024. While the Fund intends to operate as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of Section 5(b)(2) of the 1940 Act, from time to time the Fund may act as a diversified investment company within the meaning of Section 5(b)(1) of the 1940 Act. 
 The Fund expects to be treated as a RIC under the Code for federal income tax purposes. Pursuant to this election, the Fund generally will not have to pay corporate-level taxes if a sufficient amount of income is distributed to its shareholder as dividends, allowing the Company to substantially reduce or eliminate its corporate-level tax liability. 
 The Fund will seek to meet the ongoing requirements, including the diversification requirements, to qualify as a RIC under the Code. If the Fund fails to meet these requirements, it will be taxed as an ordinary corporation on its taxable income for that year (even if that income is distributed to the members of the Company) and all distributions out of its earnings and profits will be taxable to the members of the Company as taxable income; thus, such income will be subject to a double layer of taxation. There is no assurance that the Fund will meet the ongoing requirements to qualify as a RIC for tax purposes. 
 
 The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superior risk-adjusted investment returns and it will seek to achieve that objective by providing debt financing to portfolio companies, most of which will be private debt securities. The Fund generally receives warrants to acquire equity securities in connection with its portfolio investments and will generally distribute these warrants to its shareholder upon receipt, or soon thereafter. The Fund also has guidelines for the percentages of total assets that are invested in different types of assets. 

18 

The portfolio investments of the Fund primarily consist of debt financing to Venture-Backed Companies in the technology sector. The borrower s ability to repay its loans may be adversely impacted by several factors, and as a result, the loan may not be fully repaid. Furthermore, the Fund s security interest in any collateral over the borrower s assets may be insufficient to make up any shortfall in payments. Some of our portfolio companies may be impacted by rising inflation, which could have a material impact on their results of operations, specifically costs and revenues. As such, rising inflation may have an adverse impact on the portfolio borrowers ability to maintain their good credit standing, as well as their ability to pay their interest and principal obligations to the Fund. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 
 Transactions with WTI Fund X, Inc. 
 
 The Manager also serves as investment manager for Fund X. So long as Fund X has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2031 (the date on which Fund X s existence automatically expires), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund X invests, subject to the approval of the Fund's Board. The Manager s allocation process is designed to allocate investment opportunities fairly and equitably among the Fund and Fund X over time, and subject to board approval, may be based on a methodology taking into account investment pace, the remaining commitment periods and other relevant factors. 
 
 The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund X, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the Conditions with which the funds are currently complying while seeking certain exemptive relief from the SEC from the provisions of Sections 17(d) and 57 of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder. To the extent that clients, other than Fund X, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Practices and Estimates 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Practices are those accounting policies and practices that are both the most important to the portrayal of the Fund s net assets and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Critical accounting estimates are accounting estimates where the nature of the estimates is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the estimates on net assets or operating performance is material. 
 
 In evaluating the most critical accounting policies and estimates, the Manager has identified the estimation of fair value of the Fund s loan investments along with the completeness of loans exhibiting indicators of potential credit deterioration as the most critical of the accounting policies and accounting estimates applied to the Fund s reporting of net assets or operating performance. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Fund defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; that is, an exit price. The exit price assumes the asset or liability was exchanged in an orderly transaction; it was not a forced liquidation or distressed sale. There is no readily available market price or secondary market for the loans made by the Fund to borrowers, hence the Manager determines fair value based on a transaction that would occur in the most advantageous market and the estimates are subject to high levels of judgment and uncertainty. The Fund s loan investments are considered Level 3 fair value measurements in the fair value hierarchy due to the lack of observability over many of the important inputs used in determining fair value. In particular, the Manager has identified the fair value of the Fund s loan investments that exhibit indicators of the potential for credit deterioration and the completeness of those loan investments, as a critical accounting matter that may involve significant and material estimates and inputs from the Manager in determining the fair value of those loan investments. 
 Critical judgments and inputs in determining the fair value of a loan include the estimated timing and amount of future cash flows and probability of future payments, based on the assessment of payment history, available cash and burn rate, revenues, net income or loss, operating results, financial strength of borrower, prospects for the borrower s raising future equity rounds, likelihood of sale or acquisition of the borrower, length of expected holding period of the loan, collateral position, the timing and amount of liquidation of collateral for loans that are experiencing significant credit deterioration and, as a result, collection becomes collateral-dependent, as well as an evaluation of the general interest rate environment. Management has evaluated these factors and has concluded that the effect of a deterioration in the quality of the underlying collateral, increase in the size of the loan, increase in the estimated time to recovery, and increase in the market coupon rate would each have the effect of decreasing the fair value of loan investments. The risk profile of a loan changes when events occur that impact the credit analysis of the borrower and the loan. Such changes result in the fair value being adjusted from par value of the individual loan. Where the risk profile is consistent with the original underwriting, the cost basis of substantially all loans approximates fair value. 
 The actual value of the loans may differ from Management s estimates, which would affect net change in net assets resulting from operations as well as assets. 

19 

The Impact of the Ukraine War, Conflicts in the Middle East, Worldwide Inflation, Interest Rate Volatility and Natural Disasters on Results of Operations and Liquidity Capital Resources 
 
 Global and domestic financial markets have experienced an increase in volatility as concerns about the impact of higher inflation, interest rate volatility, a potential recession, the risk of continued escalation in the Middle East, the Ukraine War, the outbreak of other hostilities or conflict (such as the Houthi attacks on marine vessels in and around the Red Sea), the results of U.S. national and local elections and extreme weather patterns or natural disasters (such as the 2024 earthquake in Taiwan) have weighed on market participants. These factors have created disruptions in supply chains and economic activity and have had a particularly adverse impact on certain industries. These uncertainties can ultimately impact the overall supply and demand of the market through changing spreads, deal terms and structures. The Fund is unable to predict the full impact of these macroeconomic events on the Fund's liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 The Fund maintains close communications with its loan portfolio companies, both those already funded and those in the pipeline, to proactively assess and manage potential risks. In addition, Management maintains oversight analysis of credits across the Fund's loan investment portfolio in an attempt to manage the potential credit risk and improve loan performance. Certain loans may have inherent increased credit risk due to the nature of the underlying business and its ability to maintain operations in the current economic environment. 
 
 Management also monitors the Fund s access to capital resources through periodic and timely communication with the Company s members. In addition, the Fund will take proactive steps to ensure and maintain an appropriate liquidity position based on its circumstances. The Fund believes its existing cash balance, scheduled monthly payments from borrowers, and access to capital from the Company s members will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations. 

Results of Operations - For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period Ended from February 1, 2023, Date of Incorporation, Through September 30, 2023 
 There is limited analysis on the operational results as the Fund only commenced investment operations in June 2024. 
 Analysis of Interest Income 
 Total investment income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 455,634 and 462,525, respectively, which primarily consisted of interest on the venture loans outstanding. The remaining income consisted of dividends on the temporary investment of cash. 
 Interest is calculated using the effective interest method, and rates earned by the Fund will fluctuate based on many factors including early payoffs, volatility of values ascribed to warrants and new loans funded during the year. 
 Warrants and equity securities received in connection with loan transactions are considered to be free standing contracts that are both legally detachable and separately exercisable from the related loan transactions and are measured at fair value at the time of acquisition; the non-cash portion of interest income represents the accretion of the discount of these warrants over the life of the loan. 
 
 The following table shows the average outstanding balance, interest income, and weighted average interest rate for the cash and non-cash portion of interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 26, 2024, commencement of investment operations, through September 30, 2024. 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Period Ended September 30, 2024 Average Outstanding Balance Interest Income Weighted Average Interest Rate - Cash Portion Weighted Average Interest Rate - Non-Cash Portion Average Outstanding Balance Interest Income Weighted Average Interest Rate - Cash Portion Weighted Average Interest Rate - Non-Cash Portion All Loans 8,558,506 376,841 13.22 4.39 8,558,506 382,246 12.64 4.17 
 From June 26, 2024, commencement of investment operations, through September 30, 2024. 
 
 There was no interest income for the three months ended on September 30, 2023, and for the period from February 1, 2023, the date of incorporation, through September 30, 2023, as the Fund had not yet started its investment activities during that period. 
 
 Analysis of Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was comprised of amounts related to interest on debt amounts drawn down, unused credit line fees, and amounts amortized from deferred fees incurred in conjunction with the debt facility. 

20 

The following table shows the average balance, interest expense, and weighted average interest expense rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Average Balance Interest Expense Weighted Average Interest Expense Rate Debt Facility 11,750,000 383,948 13.07 
 Annualized. 
 
 The Fund established a debt facility with MUFG Bank Ltd., on August 1, 2024 to support the investment and business operations of the Fund. Interest expense includes interest on the borrowings, commitment fee on the unused portion of the deb facility and amortization of deferred costs related to the debt facility. 
 
 Analysis of Operating Expenses 
 
 The following table shows the components of expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from February 1, 2023, date of incorporation, through September 30, 2023. 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Operating Expense 2024 2023 Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Management Fees 1,402,657 1,402,657 1,465,648 1,465,648 Banking and professional fees 36,192 36,192 152,211 152,211 Directors' fees 33,750 33,750 101,250 101,250 Organizational costs 2,065 200,124 (198,059) 247,275 235,703 11,572 Other operating expenses 48,100 48,100 81,735 81,735 Total Operating Expenses 1,522,764 200,124 1,322,640 2,048,119 235,703 1,812,416 
 For the period from February 1, 2023, date of incorporation, through September 30, 2023. 
 Organizational costs decreased by 198,059 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease is due to the Fund commencing its investment operations in June 2024. Organizational costs increased by 11,572 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is attributed to increased organizational activities preceding the commencement of investment operations in 2024. Organizational costs include legal, accounting, and other corporate services fees incurred for the formation of the Fund. 
 Management fees were calculated at 1.575 of the Company's committed capital. There were no management fees in 2023 as the Fund had not yet started its investment activities during that period. 
 Banking and professional fees, directors' fees and other operating expenses increased by a total of 118,042 and 335,196, respectively, for the three and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparative periods in 2023, during which the Fund had not yet commenced investment operations. 
 
 Non-recurring fees 
 
 The Fund may receive non-recurring fees in connection with the origination and servicing of portfolio loans. Transactions in this category may include forfeited commitment fees and deferred income from warrants received that become recognized as other income after the loan commitment period expires. Other non-recurring fees include pre-payment fees which are recognized as other income in the period received. Legal fee reimbursements for deal due diligence and drafting of documents are recognized as offsets against legal expenses. Non-recurring fees for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 108,890 and 121,381, respectively. 
 
 Net Investment Loss 
 
 Net investment loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,451,078 and 200,124 , respectively. Net investment loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from February 1, 2023, date of incorporation, through September 30, 2023 was 1,969,542 and 235,703 , respectively. 

21 

Liquidity and Capital Resources September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 The Fund is owned entirely by the Company. The Company is expected, but not required, to make further contributions to the capital of the Fund to the extent of the Company s members capital commitment to the Company and excess cash balances of the Company. Total capital contributed to the Fund as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 15.0 million and 25,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had subscriptions for capital in the amount of 345.5 million, of which 27.7 million had been called and received. As of September 30, 2024, 317.9 million of capital remains uncalled and the uncalled capital expires on the Fund s fifth anniversary of its first investment unless extended. Management is permitted to extend the Fund s investment period by up to two (2) additional calendar quarters in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 The Fund expects to generate cash primarily from further contributions from the Company to the extent of the Company's members' capital commitment to the Company, cash flows from its operations and any financing arrangements it may enter into in the future. 

The changes in cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net cash used in operating activities (16,741,369) Net cash provided by financing activities 28,006,554 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 11,265,185 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 103.76 of the Fund s net assets consisted of cash and cash equivalents. The Fund had not yet commenced operations in 2023 so no comparative data is presented. 
 
 On August 1, 2024, the Fund entered into a loan and security agreement with MUFG Bank Ltd. as the administrative agent and with lenders named therein that established a secured revolving credit facility in an initial amount of up to 250.0 million with the option to request that borrowing availability be increased up to 500.0 million, subject to further negotiation and credit approval. 
 
 Borrowings by the Fund are collateralized by (i) all portfolio investments and substantially all other assets held by the Fund and its subsidiaries, (ii) all equity interests of the Company in the Fund and all direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Fund, and (iii) the pledge of the uncalled capital commitments of all investors in the Company. The Fund pays interest on its borrowings and a fee on the unused portion of the facility. Borrowings under the facility, at the Fund s discretion, will bear interest at an annual rate of either a (i) Reference Rate, plus an Applicable Reference Rate Margin (such loan, a "Reference Rate Loan"), (ii) Term SOFR plus the Applicable SOFR Margin (such loan, a "Term SOFR Loan") or (iii) Daily Compounded SOFR plus the Applicable SOFR Margin (such loan, a "Daily Compounded SOFR Loan"). The interest period for each Term SOFR Loan shall at the option of the Fund be fixed at one, three or six months. Applicable SOFR Margin is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the Subscription Percentage calculated for such period and (ii) 2.50 and (b) the product of (i) the Portfolio Leverage Percentage for such period and (ii) 3.00 . When the Fund is using 50 or more of the maximum amount available under the loan agreement, the applicable commitment fee is 0.25 of the unused portion of the loan facility; otherwise, the applicable commitment fee is 0.50 of the unused portion. The Fund pays the unused credit line fee quarterly. The facility terminates on August 1, 2027, but can be accelerated in the event of default, such as the failure by the Fund to make timely interest or principal payments. As of September 30, 2024, 15.0 million was outstanding under the facility. 
 
 Amounts disbursed under the Fund s loan commitments were 16.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net loan amounts outstanding after amortization increased by 14.1 million for the same period. Unexpired unfunded commitments totaled 8.4 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of Cumulative Amount Disbursed Principal Reductions and Fair Market Adjustments Balance Outstanding - Fair Value Unexpired Unfunded Commitments September 30, 2024 16.1 million 1.9 million 14.1 million 8.4 million 
 
 The unexpired unfunded commitments by portfolio company as of September 30, 2024 are detailed in Note 9 to the financial statements included in this filing. 
 
 Because venture loans are privately negotiated transactions, investments in these assets are relatively illiquid. It is Management's experience that not all unexpired unfunded commitments will be used by borrowers. Many credit agreements contain provisions that are milestone dependent and not all borrowers will achieve these milestones. Additionally, the Fund s credit agreements contain provisions that give relief from funding obligations in the event the borrower has a materially adverse change in its financial condition. Therefore, the unexpired unfunded commitments do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements or future investments for the Fund. 
 22 

The Fund will seek to maintain the requirements to qualify for the special pass-through status available to RICs under the Code, and thus to be relieved of federal income tax on that part of its net investment income and realized capital gains that it distributes to its shareholder. To qualify as a RIC, the Fund must distribute to its shareholder for each taxable year at least 90 of its investment company taxable income (consisting generally of net investment income and net short-term capital gain) (the Distribution Requirement ). To the extent that the terms of the Fund s venture loans provide for the receipt by the Fund of additional interest at the end of the loan term or provide for the receipt by the Fund of a purchase price for the asset at the end of the loan term residual income ), the Fund would be required to accrue such residual income over the life of the loan, and to include such accrued undistributed income in its gross income for each taxable year even if it receives no portion of such residual income in that year. Thus, in order to meet the Distribution Requirement and avoid payment of income taxes or an excise tax on undistributed income, the Fund may be required in a particular year to distribute as a dividend an amount in excess of the total amount of income it actually receives. Those distributions will be made from the Fund s cash assets, from amounts received through amortization of loans or from borrowed funds. 
 
 As the Fund ramps up its investment activities, the Fund is expected to have access to the Company's uncalled capital commitments and future loan receivable payments as liquidity sources. The Fund will regularly evaluate future potential liquidity resources and demands before making future commitments. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Fund s business activities contain various elements of risk, of which Management considers interest rate and credit risk to be the principal types of risks. Because the Fund considers the management of risk essential to conducting its business and to maintaining profitability, the Fund s risk management procedures are designed to identify and analyze the Fund s risks, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. 
 
 The Fund manages its market risk by maintaining a portfolio that is diverse by industry, size of investment, stage of development, and borrower. The Fund has limited exposure to public market price fluctuations as the Fund primarily invests in private business enterprises and distributes all equity investments upon receipt to the Company. 
 
 The Fund s investments are subject to market risk based on several factors, including, but not limited to, the borrower s credit history, available cash, support of the borrower s underlying investors, available liquidity, burn rate, revenue income, security interest, secondary markets for collateral, the size of the loan, term of the loan and the ability to exit via initial public offering or merger and acquisition. 
 
 The Fund s exposure to interest rate sensitivity is regularly monitored and analyzed by measuring the characteristics of assets and liabilities. The Fund will utilize various methods to assess interest rate risk in terms of the potential effect on interest income net of interest expense, the value of net assets and the value at risk in an effort to ensure that the Fund is insulated from any significant adverse effects from changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding debt balance was 15.0 million at a floating interest rate based on a Term SOFR Rate of 4.85 . 
 
 Because all of the Fund s loans impose a fixed interest rate upon funding, changes in short-term interest rates will not directly affect interest income associated with the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024. However, those changes could have the potential to change the Fund s ability to originate loan commitments, acquire and renew bank facilities, and engage in other investment activities. Further, changes in short-term interest rates could also affect interest rate expense, realized gain from investments and interest on the Fund s short-term investments. 
 
 Based on the Fund s Condensed Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024, the following table shows the approximate annualized increase (decrease) in components of net assets resulting from operations of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in investments, borrowings and cash balances. 
 Effect of Interest Rate Change By Increase (Decrease) Other Income (Increase) Decrease Interest Expense Increase (Decrease) in Total Income (2.00) (225,804) 300,000 74,196 (1.00) (112,902) 150,000 37,098 (0.50) (56,451) 75,000 18,549 0.50 56,451 (75,000) (18,549) 1.00 112,902 (150,000) (37,098) 2.00 225,804 (300,000) (74,196) 
 
 Although Management believes that the foregoing analysis is indicative of the Fund s sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not take into consideration potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition of the assets in the portfolio. It also does not assume any new fundings to borrowers, repayments from borrowers or defaults on borrowings. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the table above. 
 
 23 

Because the Fund currently borrows, its net investment income is highly dependent upon the difference between the rate at which it borrows and the rate at which it invests the amounts borrowed. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on the Fund s investment activities and net investment income. The Fund s exposure to movement in short-term interest rates stems from the Fund borrowing at a floating interest rate but then making loans with a fixed rate at the time the loans are extended. 
 
 The Fund is not sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and other market rates or prices. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 
 At the end of the period covered by this report, the Fund carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period in ensuring that information required to be disclosed was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Fund s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls: 
 There have not been any changes in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the Fund s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 24 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Fund may become party to certain lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot now be predicted with certainty, the Fund does not expect any such proceedings will have a material effect upon the Fund s financial condition or results of operation. Management is not aware of any pending legal proceedings involving the Fund. The Fund is not a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The risks discussed in Item 1A - Risk Factors in the Form 10 could materially affect the Fund's business, financial conditions and/or operating results, as well as the value of an investment in the Fund. The risks described in the Form 10 are not the only risks the Fund faces. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Fund or that the Fund currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Fund's business, financial condition and/or operating results, as well as the value of an investment in the Fund. 
 
 There have been no material changes since the filing of the Form 10 to the risk factors previously disclosed therein. If any of the identified risks actually occur, the Fund's business, financial condition and/or operating results could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the value of an investment in the Fund could decline, and an investor may lose all or part of its investment. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Fund or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 25 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 
 Exhibit Title 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Fund as filed with the Maryland Secretary of State on February 1, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Fund, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 4.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2023, between the Fund and the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 10.1 Investment Management Agreement, dated September 28, 2023, by and between the Fund and Westech Investment Advisors LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 10.2 Form of Custodial Agreement between the Fund and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, dated January 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Fund's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 10.3 Custodian Agreement between the Fund and U.S. Bank, National Association, dated January 10, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Fund's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2024. 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Rules 13a -14(a) and 15d-14(a) Certification) 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Rules 13a -14(a) and 15d-14(a) Certification). 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Section 1350 Certification). 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Section 1350 Certification). 

26 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 WTI FUND XI, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/David R. Wanek By: /s/Jared S. Thear David R. Wanek Jared S. Thear President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 
 Date: November 13, 2024 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wtixi10q093024ex311.htm
 WTI XI 10-Q Q3 2024 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David R. Wanek, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WTI Fund XI, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 
 s David R. Wanek 
 David R. Wanek 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wtixi10q093024ex312.htm
 WTI XI 10-Q Q3 2024 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jared S. Thear, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WTI Fund XI, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 
 s Jared S. Thear 
 Jared S. Thear 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wtixi10q093024ex321.htm
 WTI XI 10-Q Q3 2024 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of WTI Fund XI, Inc. (the Fund on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David R. Wanek, Chief Executive Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Fund. 

s David R. Wanek 
 David R. Wanek 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wtixi10q093024ex322.htm
 WTI XI 10-Q Q3 2024 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of WTI Fund XI, Inc. (the Fund on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jared S. Thear, Chief Financial Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Fund. 

s Jared S. Thear 
 Jared S. Thear 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wti-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wti-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wti-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wti-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wti-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

