<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1567094_0001628280-24-047188.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13365863</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141380</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1852261</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5973351</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2405856</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2683111</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047188.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112162738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047188
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNH Industrial N.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567094
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION MACHINERY & EQUIP [3531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			P7
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36085
		FILM NUMBER:		241448747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CRANES FARM ROAD
		CITY:			BASILDON, ESSEX
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SS14 3AD
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011 44 1268 533000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CRANES FARM ROAD
		CITY:			BASILDON, ESSEX
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SS14 3AD

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FI CBM Holdings N.V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047188.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 cnhi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cnhi-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number including area code: 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 At September 30 , 2024 , common shares, par value 0.01 per share, of the registrant were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Financial statements 
 1 
 Item 2 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 32 
 Item 3 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 52 Item 4 
 Controls and procedures 
 52 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Legal proceedings 
 54 
 Item 1A 
 Risk factors 
 54 
 Item 2 
 Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds 
 54 
 Item 3 
 Default upon senior securities 
 54 
 Item 4 
 Mine safety disclosures 
 54 
 Item 5 Other information 
 54 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 55 
 
 Foreign private issuer status 
 Starting with its third quarter 2022 results, CNH Industrial N.V. ("CNH" or the "Company") began voluntarily reporting its financial results under the periodic reporting forms for U.S. domestic filers. As of June 30, 2024, CNH determined that it will no longer qualify as a foreign private issuer, as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of January 1, 2025. As a result, effective as of January 1, 2025, the Company will no longer be eligible to use the rules designed for foreign private issuers and will be considered a U.S. domestic issuer. The Company will continue to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. In addition, as of January 1, 2025, CNH will be required to comply with, among other things, the requirement to file proxy statements and/or information statements under U.S. proxy rules (Regulations 14A and 14C under the Exchange Act), and its officers, directors and 10 shareholders will become subject to the beneficial ownership reporting and short-swing profit recovery requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in millions of dollars) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (1) 
 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade receivables, net Financing receivables, net Financial receivables from Iveco Group N.V. Inventories, net Property, plant and equipment, net Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Equipment under operating leases Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Derivative assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Debt Financial payables to Iveco Group N.V. Trade payables Deferred tax liabilities Pension, postretirement and other postemployment benefits Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interest Common shares, , par value; outstanding common shares and loyalty program special voting shares at 9/30/2024; and outstanding common shares and loyalty program special voting shares at 12/31/2023 
 Treasury stock, at cost; shares at 9/30/2024 and at 12/31/2023 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 1 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars and shares, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 2023 (1) 
 Revenues Net sales Finance, interest and other income Total Revenues Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Restructuring expenses Interest expense Other, net Total Costs and Expenses Income (loss) of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Net income (loss) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. Earnings per share attributable to common shareholders Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted Cash dividends declared per common share 
 (1) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 2 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 2023 (1) 
 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) ) Changes in retirement plans funded status ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities using the equity method ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 3 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense excluding depreciation and amortization of assets under operating leases Depreciation and amortization expense of assets under operating leases (Gain) loss on disposal of assets, net Undistributed income of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) Other non-cash items, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Provisions Deferred income taxes ) ) Trade and financing receivables related to sales, net ) Inventories, net ) ) Trade payables ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to retail receivables ) ) Collections of retail receivables Proceeds from sales of assets, excluding assets under operating leases Expenditures for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, excluding assets under operating leases ) ) Expenditures for assets under operating leases ) ) Other, net Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other financial liabilities ) Dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury stock and other ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Components of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 4 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in millions of dollars) Common Shares Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (1) 
 Noncontrolling Interests Total Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends paid ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation ) Share-based compensation expense Other changes ) ) Balance March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation ) Share-based compensation expense Other changes ) ) ) Balance June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends paid ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation ) Share-based compensation expense Other changes ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

5 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in millions of dollars) Common Shares Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (1) 
 Noncontrolling Interests Total Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends paid ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation Share-based compensation expense Other changes Balance March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Dividends paid ) ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation ) Share-based compensation expense Other changes ) ) Balance June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Dividends paid ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock and capital increase for share-based compensation Share-based compensation expense Other changes ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 6 

CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 Business Combinations 
 Effective October 12, 2023, CNH closed on its purchase of Hemisphere, a global satellite navigation technology leader, for a total consideration of million. The acquisition of Hemisphere consolidates our guidance and connectivity capabilities to advance CNH's in-house precision, automation and autonomy technology for the agriculture and construction industries. At December 31, 2023, CNH recorded preliminary estimates for the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, including million and million in preliminary goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed has not been finalized as of September 30, 2024 . Thus, goodwill associated with the acquisition is subject to adjustment during the measurement period. Measurement period adjustments were recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which decreased goodwill by million and increased other intangible assets by million, offset by an increase in deferred tax liabilities and a decrease in other assets and equity. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the Hemisphere acquisition were not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. Additionally, Hemisphere's post-acquisition results were not material. 
 On March 15, 2023, CNH acquired a controlling interest in Bennamann LTD ("Bennamann") (ownership interest of by purchasing an additional interest through cash consideration of approximately million. At March 31, 2023, CNH recorded preliminary estimates for the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, including million and million in preliminary goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. 
 7 

million, primarily offset by increases in intangible assets as a result of updates of certain of the valuations. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized as of March 2024. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the Bennamann acquisition were not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. Additionally, Bennamann's post-acquisition results were not material. 
 On March 13, 2023, CNH purchased Augmenta Holding SAS ("Augmenta"). The Company acquired the remaining of Augmenta it did not own for cash consideration of approximately million and a deferred payment of million. At March 31, 2023, CNH recorded preliminary estimates for the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, including million and million in preliminary goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. Measurement period adjustments were recorded in the second and third quarters of 2023 reducing goodwill by million primarily offset by increases in intangible assets as a result of updates of certain of the valuations. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized as of March 2024. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the Augmenta acquisition were not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. Additionally, Augmenta's post-acquisition results were not material. 
 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error related to the highly inflationary accounting for its unconsolidated subsidiary in Turkey, T rkTrakt r ve Ziraat Makineleri A.S. ("T rkTrakt r") in the quarterly and annual periods in fiscal 2023 and first and second quarters in fiscal 2024. The functional currency of T rkiye-based T rkTrakt r is the Turkish lira, and the T rkiye economy was deemed highly inflationary in 2022. CNH has determined that its translation criteria from Turkish lira into CNH's functional currency of US Dollars resulted in an overstatement of CNH's Equity in income of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates by million in 2023 and by million in the first half of 2024. In accordance with SAB No. 99, Materiality, and SAB No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, CNH evaluated the error and determined that the related impact was not material to its financial statements for any prior annual or interim period, but that correcting the cumulative impact of the error would be significant to its results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For comparative purposes, the Company has made these immaterial corrections to the recognition of highly inflationary impacts, as well as the related impacts to assets and retained earnings in the prior periods presented in this Form 10-Q. The impacts of the error and subsequent corrections are contained entirely within the Agriculture segment. A summary of revisions to our previously reported financial statements is presented in Note 20. We will also correct previously reported financial information for this immaterial error in the Company's future filings, as applicable. 
 
 2. 
 8 

3. 
 Construction Total Industrial Activities Financial Services Eliminations and other ) ) Total Revenues 
 The following table disaggregates revenues by major source for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions of dollars): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues from: Sales of goods Rendering of services and other revenues Revenues from sales of goods and services Finance and interest income Rents and other income on operating lease Finance, interest and other income Total Revenues 
 Contract liabilities recorded in Other liabilities were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Contract liabilities primarily relate to extended warranties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenues included million and million, respectively, relating to contract liabilities outstanding at the beginning of each period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, revenues included million and million, respectively, relating to contract liabilities outstanding at the beginning of each period. 
 million (approximately million at December 31, 2023). CNH expects to recognize revenue on approximately and of the remaining performance obligations over the next and months, respectively (approximately and as of December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 9 

4. 
 Financing receivables Total Assets Debt Total Liabilities 
 
 5. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Basic earnings (loss) per share Diluted EPS attributable to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of stock compensation plans (2) 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and shares, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share due to an anti-dilutive impact. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as all shares were dilutive. 
 10 

6. 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Prior service credit ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 Pension Healthcare Other Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Prior service credit ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 million. This amount will be amortized from other comprehensive income to the income statement over approximately years, which represents the average service period to attain eligibility conditions for active participants. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million of amortization was recorded as a pre-tax gain in Other, net, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 and , respectively. The reduction in the 2024 effective tax rate was due to the impact of the company's income mix, including the existence of credits and other permanent benefits, as well as by discrete items, including the impact of highly-inflationary accounting and tax-related inflation adjustments in Argentina and the one-time impact of a patent box tax deduction in the UK. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and . respectively. The reduction in the 2024 effective tax rate was due to the impact of discrete items, including the impact of highly-inflationary accounting and tax-related inflation adjustments in Argentina. The 2023 effective tax rate was reduced by the tax benefits related to the sale of CNH Industrial Russia, although these benefits were partially offset by discrete tax expenses associated with prior periods. 
 
 11 

8. 
 operating segments: 
 Agriculture designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of farm machinery and implements, including two-wheel and four-wheel drive tractors, crawler tractors, combines, grape and sugar cane harvesters, hay and forage equipment, planting and seeding equipment, soil preparation and cultivation implements, and material handling equipment. We are also a leading provider of technology dedicated to Precision Agriculture. Agricultural equipment is sold under the New Holland Agriculture and Case IH brands. Regionally focused brands include: STEYR, for agricultural tractors; Flexi-Coil, specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller, manufacturing application equipment. The Raven brand supports Precision Agriculture, digital technology and the development of autonomous systems. Hemisphere, acquired in 2023, provides high-performance satellite positioning technology for the agriculture and construction industries. 
 Construction designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of construction equipment including excavators, crawler dozers, graders, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders, and compact track loaders along with a wide variety of attachments. Construction equipment is sold under the CASE Construction Equipment, New Holland Construction and Eurocomach brands. 
 Financial Services provides and administers financing to end-use customers for the purchase of new and used agricultural and construction equipment and components sold through CNH's dealer network, as well as revolving charge account financing and other financial services. Financial Services also provides wholesale financing to CNH dealers and distributors primarily to finance inventories of equipment for those dealers. Further, Financial Services provides trade receivables factoring services to CNH subsidiaries. The European Financial Services operations are supported by the Iveco Group's Financial Services segment. Financial Services also provides financial services to Iveco Group companies in the North America, South America and Asia Pacific regions. 
 Revenues for each reported segment are those directly generated by or attributable to the segment as a result of its business activities and include revenues from transactions with third parties as well as those deriving from transactions with other segments, recognized at normal market prices. Segment expenses represent expenses deriving from each segment s business activities both with third parties and other operating segments or which may otherwise be directly attributable to it. Expenses deriving from business activities with other segments are recognized at normal market prices. 
 With reference to the Agriculture and Construction segments, the CODM assesses segment performance and makes decisions about resource allocation based upon Adjusted EBIT. The Company believes Adjusted EBIT more fully reflects Agriculture and Construction segments profitability. Adjusted EBIT of the Agriculture and Construction segments is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes, Financial Services' results, Industrial Activities segments interest expenses (net), foreign exchange gains/losses, finance and non-service component of pension and other post-employment benefit costs, restructuring expenses, and certain non-recurring items. In particular, non-recurring items are specifically disclosed items that management considers rare or discrete events that are infrequent in nature and not reflective of ongoing operational activities. 
 With reference to Financial Services, the CODM assesses the performance of the segment and makes decisions about resource allocation on the basis of net income prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 12 

Construction Unallocated items, eliminations, and other ) ) ) ) Financial Services Net Income Financial Services Income Taxes Interest expense of Industrial Activities, net of interest income and eliminations ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange (gains) losses, net of Industrial Activities ) ) ) ) Finance and non-service component of Pension and other post-employment benefit costs of Industrial Activities (2) 
 ) Restructuring expenses of Industrial Activities ) ) ) ) Other discrete items of Industrial Activities (3) 
 ) ) Income (loss) before taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Net Income (loss) 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, this item includes the pre-tax gain of million and million, respectively, as a result of the amortization over the years of the million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification. 
 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary . The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes loss of million million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary. In the three months ended September 30, 2023 this item did not include any discrete items. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a million loss on the sale of CNH Industrial Russia, partially offset by a gain of million in relation to the fair value remeasurement of Augmenta and Bennamann. 
 
 9. 
 Wholesale Other Total 
 CNH provides and administers retail note and lease financing to end-use customers for the purchase of new and used equipment and components sold through its dealer network, as well as revolving charge account financing. The terms of retail notes and finance leases generally range from two to , and interest rates vary depending on the prevailing market interest rates and certain incentive programs offered on behalf of and sustained by Industrial Activities. Revolving charge accounts are generally accompanied by higher interest rates than the Company's other retail financing products, require minimum monthly payments and do not have pre-determined maturity dates. 
 Wholesale receivables arise primarily from dealer floorplan financing, and to a lesser extent, the financing of dealer operations. Under the standard terms of the wholesale receivable agreements, these receivables typically have "interest-free" periods of up to and stated original maturities of up to , with repayment accelerated upon the sale of the underlying equipment by the dealer. Financial Services is compensated by Industrial Activities for providing the "interest-free" period based on market interest rates. After the expiration of any "interest-free" 
 13 

significant losses in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 relating to the termination of dealer contracts. 
 Transfers of Financial Assets 
 As part of its overall funding strategy, CNH periodically transfers certain receivables into special purpose entities SPE as part of its asset-backed securitization ("ABS") programs or into factoring transactions. 
 SPEs utilized in the securitization programs differ from other entities included in the Company's consolidated financial statements because the assets they hold are legally isolated from the Company's assets. For bankruptcy analysis purposes, the Company has sold the receivables to the SPEs in a true sale and the SPEs are separate legal entities. Upon transfer of the receivables to the SPEs, the receivables and certain cash flows derived from them become restricted for use in meeting obligations to the SPEs' creditors. The SPEs have ownership of cash balances that also have restrictions for the benefit of the SPEs' investors. The Company's interests in the SPEs' receivables are subordinate to the interests of third-party investors. None of the receivables that are directly or indirectly sold or transferred in any of these transactions are available to pay the Company's creditors until all obligations of the SPE have been fulfilled or the receivables are removed from the SPE. 
 Certain securitization trusts are also VIEs and consequently, the VIEs are consolidated since the Company has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. 
 The Company may retain all or a portion of the subordinated interests in the SPEs. No recourse provisions exist that allow holders of the asset-backed securities issued by the trusts to put those securities back to the Company, although the Company provides customary representations and warranties that could give rise to an obligation to repurchase from the trusts any receivables for which there is a breach of the representations and warranties. Moreover, the Company does not guarantee any securities issued by the trusts. The trusts have a limited life and generally terminate upon final distribution of amounts owed to investors or upon exercise of a cleanup-call option by the Company, in its role as servicer. 
 Factoring transactions may be either with recourse or without recourse; certain without recourse transfers include deferred payment clauses (i.e., when the payment by the factor of a minor part of the purchase price is dependent on the total amount collected from the receivables), requiring first loss cover, meaning that the transferor takes priority participation in the losses, or requires a significant exposure to the cash flows arising from the transferred receivables to be retained. These types of transactions do not qualify for the derecognition of the assets, since the risks and rewards connected with collection are not substantially transferred and, accordingly, CNH continues to recognize the receivable transferred by this means in its consolidated statement of financial position and recognizes a financial liability of the same amount under asset-backed financing. 
 The secured borrowings related to the transferred receivables are obligations that are payable as the receivables are collected. 
 Wholesale Total 
 14 

Provision ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Ending Balance 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Retail Wholesale Retail Wholesale Opening Balance Provision ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses included an increase in retail reserves due to specific reserve needs mainly in South America due to Brazilian market conditions, primarily related to current crop prices, flooding and drought events. At September 30, 2023 , the allowance for credit losses included an increase in reserves due to specific reserve needs primarily in South America, partially offset by a decrease in reserves of million due to the sale of CNH Capital Russia. CNH will update the macroeconomic factors in future periods, as warranted. The provision for credit losses is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 CNH assesses and monitors the credit quality of its financing receivables based on delinquency status. Receivables are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not yet been received as of the date such payments were due. Delinquency is reported on financing receivables greater than days past due. Non-performing financing receivables represent receivables for which CNH has ceased accruing finance income. These receivables are generally days past due. Accrued interest is charged-off to interest income. Interest income charged-off was not material for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 Interest accrual is resumed if the receivable becomes contractually current and collection becomes probable. Previously suspended income is recognized at that time. As the terms for retail financing receivables are greater than one year, the performing/nonperforming information is presented by year of origination for North America, South America and Asia Pacific. 
 
 15 

2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior to 2020 Total South America 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior to 2020 Total Asia Pacific 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior to 2020 Total Europe, Middle East, Africa Total Retail Wholesale North America South America Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East, Africa Total Wholesale 
 16 

2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Total South America 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Total Asia Pacific 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Total Europe, Middle East, Africa Total Retail Wholesale North America South America Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East, Africa Total Wholesale 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 A restructuring of a receivable constitutes a troubled debt restructuring TDR when the lender grants a concession it would not otherwise consider to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulties. TDR's typically result in payment deferrals, extended contract maturities, modification of a contractual interest rate or waiving of interest and principal. As a collateral based lender, CNH has recourse to the financed assets on default. As such, for retail receivables, concessions are typically provided based on bankruptcy court proceedings. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, CNH's retail and wholesale TDRs were immaterial. 
 Given conditions in the Brazilian market, primarily related to current crop prices, flooding and drought events, CNH has been offering payment refinancing to South American customers, that it does not consider to be in financial difficulty. Customers are required to make partial payments on refinanced installments and CNH considers such modifications when 
 17 

million of installments were refinanced relating to million of retail Agricultural receivables in South America. 
 
 10. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 11. 
 million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 
 The Company incurred operating lease expenses of million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded approximately million of right-of-use assets and million of related lease liability included in Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively. At September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term (calculated on the basis of the remaining lease term and the lease liability balance for each lease) and the weighted average discount rate for operating leases were years and , respectively. At September 30, 2023, the Company has recorded approximately million of right-of-use assets and million of related lease liability included in Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively. At September 30, 2023, the weighted average remaining lease term (calculated on the basis of the remaining lease term and the lease liability balance for each lease) and the weighted average discount rate for operating leases were years and , respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, leased assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations were million and million, respectively. The operating cash outflow for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease obligations was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Lessor 
 The Company, primarily through its Financial Services segment, leases equipment to retail customers under operating leases. Our leases typically have terms of to years with options available for the lessee to purchase the equipment at the lease term date. Revenue for non-lease components is accounted for separately. 
 
 12. 
 Other investments, at carrying value Total 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 18 

13. 
 Foreign currency translation and other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if a triggering event occurred that would indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than book value. CNH performed its most recent annual impairment review as of December 31, 2023 and concluded that there was no impairment to goodwill for any of the reporting entities. 
 The acquisition of Hemisphere during the fourth quarter of 2023 led to an increase in goodwill for Agriculture of million. Goodwill related to the acquisition was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from the other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. During the first and second quarters of 2024 measurement period adjustments were recorded which decreased goodwill by million. The valuation of assets and liabilities assumed was not finalized as of September 30, 2024. Thus, goodwill associated with this acquisition is subject to adjustment during the measurement period. 
 The first quarter 2023 acquisitions of Augmenta and Bennamann resulted in an increase in goodwill, post all measurement period adjustments, for Agriculture of million and million, respectively. Goodwill related to the acquisitions was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from the other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized as of March 2024. 
 - 
 Patents, concessions, licenses and other - 
 Capitalized software - 
 Other intangible assets not subject to amortization: In-process research and development Software in-progress Trademarks Total other intangible assets 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company recorded million in intangible assets based on the preliminary valuation for Hemisphere. During the first and second quarters of 2024, a measurement period adjustment was recorded which increased intangible assets by million. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed has not been finalized as of September 30, 2024. Thus, intangibles associated with the acquisition is subject to adjustment during the measurement period. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the acquisition of Augmenta and Bennamann resulted in an increase in intangible assets, post all measurement period adjustments, of million and million, respectively. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized as of March 2024. 
 19 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 14. 
 million and million of obligations remain outstanding that we have confirmed as valid to the administrators of the SCF programs. We have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to participate in the SCF program, and we have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions as it relates to the SCF program. These balances are included within Accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets and are reflected as cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows when settled. 
 
 15. 
 Marketing and sales incentive programs Tax payables Accrued expenses and deferred income Accrued employee benefits Lease liabilities Legal reserves and other provisions Contract reserve Contract liabilities 
 Restructuring reserve Other Total 
 Warranty and Campaign Programs 
 CNH pays for basic warranty and other service action costs. 
 Current year additions Claims paid ) ) ) ) Currency translation adjustment and other ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, primarily due to employee separation costs. The Company s restructuring program announced in November 2023 targets both labor and non-labor SG A expenses. The Company has incurred a total of million from launch to September 30, 2024 under this program . 
 20 

16. 
 non-owned U.S. sites at which regulated materials allegedly generated by CNH were released or disposed Waste Sites ). Of the Waste Sites, are on the National Priority List NPL promulgated pursuant to CERCLA. For of the Waste Sites, the monetary amount or extent of the Company s liability has either been resolved, it has not been named as a potentially responsible party PRP ), or its liability is likely de minimis . 
 Because estimates of remediation costs are subject to revision as more information becomes available about the extent and cost of remediation and settlement agreements can be reopened under certain circumstances, the Company s potential liability for remediation costs associated with the Waste Sites could change. Moreover, because liability under CERCLA and similar laws can be joint and several, CNH could be required to pay amounts in excess of its pro rata share of remediation costs. However, when appropriate, the financial strength of other PRPs has been considered in the determination of the Company s potential liability. CNH believes that the costs associated with the Waste Sites will not have a material effect on the Company s business, financial position, or results of operations. 
 The Company is conducting environmental investigatory or remedial activities at certain properties that are currently or were formerly owned and/or operated or that are being decommissioned. The Company believes that the outcome of these activities will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, or results of operations. 
 The actual costs for environmental matters could differ materially from those costs currently anticipated due to the nature of historical handling and disposal of hazardous substances typical of manufacturing and related operations, the discovery of currently unknown conditions and as a result of more aggressive enforcement by regulatory authorities and changes in existing laws and regulations. As in the past, CNH plans to continue funding its costs of environmental compliance from operating cash flows. 
 Investigation, analysis and remediation of environmental sites is a time-consuming activity. The Company expects such costs to be incurred and claims to be resolved over an extended period of time that could exceed years for some sites. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, environmental reserves of approximately million and million, respectively, were established to address these specific estimated potential liabilities. Such reserves are undiscounted and do not include anticipated recoveries, if any, from insurance companies. After considering these reserves, management is of the opinion that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 Other Litigation and Investigations 
 Iveco Follow-on Damages Claims : in 2011 Iveco S.p.A. Iveco ), which, following the Demerger, is now part of Iveco Group N.V., and its competitors in the European Union were subject to an investigation by the European Commission (the Commission into certain business practices in the European Union (in the period 1997-2011) in relation to Medium and Heavy trucks. On July 19, 2016, the Commission announced a settlement with Iveco (the Decision ). Following the Decision, the Company, Iveco and Iveco Magirus AG IMAG have been named as defendants in proceedings across Europe. The consummation of the Demerger will not allow CNH to be excluded from current and future follow-on 
 21 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 17. 
 22 

billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 CNH has entered into interest rate derivatives (swaps and caps) in order to manage interest rate exposures arising in the normal course of business. Interest rate derivatives that have been designated as cash flow hedges are being used by the Company to mitigate the risk of rising interest rates related to existing debt and anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt in future periods. Gains and losses on these instruments are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in interest expense over the period in which CNH recognizes interest expense on the related debt. 
 Interest rate derivatives that have been designated as fair value hedge relationships have been used by CNH to mitigate the volatility in the fair value of existing fixed rate bonds and medium-term notes due to changes in floating interest rate benchmarks. Gains and losses on these instruments are recorded in Interest expense in the period in which they occur and an offsetting gain or loss is also reflected in Interest expense based on changes in the fair value of the debt instrument being hedged due to changes in floating interest rate benchmarks. 
 CNH also enters into offsetting interest rate derivatives with substantially similar terms that are not designated as hedging instruments to mitigate interest rate risk related to CNH s committed asset-backed facilities. Unrealized and realized gains and losses resulting from fair value changes in these instruments are recognized directly in income. Net gains and losses on these instruments were insignificant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 All of CNH s interest rate derivatives outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are considered Level 2. The fair market value of these derivatives is calculated using market data input and can be compared to actively traded derivatives. The total notional amount of CNH s interest rate derivatives was approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 23 

Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Other, net ) Interest rate contracts ) Interest expense ) Total ) 2023 Foreign exchange contracts ) Net sales ) Cost of goods sold Other, net ) Interest rate contracts ) Interest expense Total ) ) 
 Recognized in Net Income For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Gain (Loss) Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Classification of Gain (Loss) Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into Income 2024 Foreign exchange contracts ) Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Other, net ) Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) Total ) 2023 Foreign exchange contracts ) Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Other, net Interest rate contracts ) Interest expense Total ) ) 
 
 24 

) Net changes in fair value of derivatives ) Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income ) Accumulated derivative net losses as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Before-Tax Amount Income Tax After-Tax Amount Accumulated derivative net losses as of December 31, 2022 ) Net changes in fair value of derivatives ) ) Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income ) Accumulated derivative net losses as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The following tables summarize the impact related to changes in the fair value of fair value hedges and derivatives not designated as hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions of dollars): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Classification of Gain (Loss) 2024 2023 Fair Value Hedges Interest rate derivatives Interest expense ) Not Designated as Hedges Foreign exchange contracts Other, Net ) ) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Classification of Gain (Loss) 2024 2023 Fair Value Hedges Interest rate derivatives Interest expense ) Not Designated as Hedges Foreign exchange contracts Other, Net ) ) 
 25 

Derivative assets Interest rate contracts Derivative assets Derivative assets Total derivative assets Foreign currency contracts Derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities Interest rate contracts Derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities Total derivative liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Derivative assets Derivative assets Interest rate contracts Derivative assets Derivative assets Total derivative assets Foreign currency contracts Derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities Interest rate contracts Derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Interest rate derivatives Total Assets Liabilities Foreign exchange derivatives Interest rate derivatives Total Liabilities 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable included in the consolidated balance sheets approximates its fair value. 
 Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
 Debt 
 26 

18. 
 
 ) ) Changes in retirement plans funded status ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities using the equity method ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Gross Amount Income Taxes Net Amount Gross Amount Income Taxes Net Amount Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Changes in retirement plans funded status ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities using the equity method (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 27 

) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 ) Excluded from the table above is other comprehensive income (loss) allocated to non-controlling interests of and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Other, net ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income taxes Change in retirement plans funded status: Amortization of actuarial losses Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) Total reclassifications, net of tax ) 
 ) These amounts are included in net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit cost. See Note 6: Employee Benefit Plans and Postretirement Benefits for additional information. 
 
 19. 
 28 

of CNH s voting power and had the ability to significantly influence the decisions submitted to a vote of CNH s shareholders, including approval of annual dividends, the election and removal of directors, mergers or other business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets and issuances of equity and the incurrence of indebtedness. The percentage above has been calculated as the ratio of (i) the aggregate number of common shares and special voting shares owned by EXOR N.V. to (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding common shares and special voting shares of CNH as of September 30, 2024. In addition, CNH engages in transactions with its unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates over which CNH has a significant influence or joint control. 
 The Company s Audit Committee reviews and, if appropriate, approves all significant related party transactions. 
 Transactions with EXOR N.V. and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates 
 EXOR N.V. is an investment holding company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, among other things, EXOR N.V. managed a portfolio that includes investments in CNH, Stellantis, Iveco Group and Ferrari. CNH did not enter into any significant transactions with EXOR N.V. during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Transactions with Iveco Group post-Demerger 
 CNH and Iveco Group post-Demerger entered into transactions consisting of the sale of engines from Iveco Group to CNH. Additionally, concurrent with the Demerger, the Companies entered into services contracts in relation to general administrative and specific technical matters, provided by either CNH to Iveco Group and vice versa as follows: 
 Master Service Agreements : CNH and Iveco Group entered into a Master Services Agreement MSA starting in 2022, with a extension implemented, whereby each Party (and its subsidiaries) may provide services to the other (and its subsidiaries). Services provided under the MSA relate mainly to lease of premises and depots and IT services. 
 Engine Supply Agreement : in relation to the design and supply of off-road engines from Iveco Group to CNH post-Demerger, Iveco Group and CNH entered into a Engine Supply Agreement ESA ), whereby Iveco Group will sell to CNH post-Demerger diesel, CNG and LNG engines and provide post-sale services. 
 Financial Service Agreement : in relation to certain financial services activities carried out by either CNH to Iveco Group or vice versa, in connection with the execution of the Demerger Deed, CNH and Iveco Group entered into a Master Services Agreement FS MSA starting in 2022, with a extension implemented, whereby each Party (and its subsidiaries) may provide services and/or financial services activities to the other (and its subsidiaries). Services provided under the FS MSA relate mainly to wholesale and retail financing activities to suppliers, distribution network and customers. 
 Purchases 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Trade receivables Financial receivables from Iveco Group N.V. Trade payables Financial payables to Iveco Group N.V. 
 29 

Purchases 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Trade receivables Trade payables 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, CNH had provided guarantees totaling million and million, respectively, on certain commitments of its unconsolidated affiliate CNH Industrial Capital Europe S.a.S. 
 
 20. 
 million from million to million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and decreased million from million to million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions of dollars and shares, except per share amounts) Previously Reported Revision Impacts As Revised Previously Reported Revision Impacts As Revised Income (loss) of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. ) ) Earnings per share attributable to common shareholders Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 30 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities using the equity method ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. ) ) 
 The prior period impacts to the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet were as shown below. 
 December 31, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Previously Reported Revision Impacts As Revised Assets Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates ) Total Assets ) Liabilities and Equity Total Liabilities Redeemable equity Retained earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Equity ) Total Liabilities and Equity ) 
 The prior period impacts to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Previously Reported Revision Impacts As Revised Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Undistributed income of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) ) 
 
 21. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of notes due April 11, 2028, with an issue price of . 
 million in aggregate principal amount of notes due 2027, with an issue price of . 
 31 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 GENERAL 
 CNH Industrial N.V. CNH or the Company is incorporated in, and under the laws of the Netherlands. CNH has its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its principal office in Basildon, England, United Kingdom. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the terms CNH and the Company refer to CNH and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The Company has three reportable segments reflecting the three businesses directly managed by CNH Industrial N.V., consisting of: (i) Agriculture, which designs, produces and sells agricultural equipment (ii) Construction, which designs, produces and sells construction equipment, and (iii) Financial Services, which provides financial services to customers acquiring our products. The Company s worldwide Agriculture and Construction operations, as well as corporate functions, are collectively referred to as Industrial Activities. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in this report, as well as our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report") filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Results for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year due to seasonal and other factors. 
 Certain financial information in this report has been presented by geographic region. Our geographic regions are: (1) North America; (2) Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"); (3) South America and (4) Asia Pacific. The geographic designations have the following meanings: 
 North America : United States, Canada and Mexico; 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa : member countries of the European Union, European Free Trade Association, the United Kingdom, Ukraine and Balkans, Russia, Turkey, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, the African continent, and the Middle East; 
 South America : Central and South America, and the Caribbean Islands; and 
 Asia Pacific : Continental Asia (including the India subcontinent), Indonesia and Oceania. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 CNH monitors its operations through the use of non-GAAP financial measures. CNH s management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful and relevant information regarding its operating results and enhance the readers ability to assess CNH s financial performance and financial position. Management uses these non-GAAP measures to identify operational trends, as well as to make decisions regarding future spending, resource allocations and other operational decisions as they provide additional transparency with respect to our core operations. These non-GAAP financial measures have no standardized meaning under U.S. GAAP and are unlikely to be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not intended to be substitutes for measures of financial performance and financial position as prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Our primary non-GAAP financial measures are defined as follows: 
 Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities 
 Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities is defined as net income (loss) before: income taxes, Financial Services results, Industrial Activities interest expenses, net, foreign exchange gains/losses, finance and non-service component of pension and other post-employment benefit costs, restructuring expenses, and certain non-recurring items. Such non-recurring items are specifically disclosed items that management considers rare or discrete events that are infrequent in nature and not reflective of ongoing operational activities. 
 Net Cash (Debt) and Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities 
 Net Cash (Debt) is defined as total debt less: intersegment notes receivable, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, other current financial assets (primarily current securities, short-term deposits and investments towards high-credit rating counterparties) and derivative hedging debt. CNH provides the reconciliation of Net Cash (Debt) to Total (Debt), which is the most directly comparable measure included in the consolidated balance sheets. Due to different sources of cash flows used for the repayment of the debt between Industrial Activities and Financial Services (by cash from operations for Industrial Activities and by collection of financing receivables for Financial Services), management separately evaluates the cash flow performance of Industrial Activities using Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities. 
 32 

Revenues on a Constant Currency Basis 
 We discuss the fluctuations in revenues on a constant currency basis by applying the prior-year average exchange rates to current year s revenue expressed in local currency in order to eliminate the impact of foreign exchange FX rate fluctuations. 
 A. OPERATING RESULTS 
 The operations and key financial measures and financial analysis differ significantly for manufacturing and distribution businesses and financial services businesses; therefore, management believes that certain supplemental disclosures are important in understanding our consolidated operations and financial results. For further information, see Supplemental Information within this section, where we present supplemental consolidating data split by Industrial Activities and Financial Services. Transactions between Industrial Activities and Financial Services have been eliminated to arrive at the consolidated data. 
 Global Business Conditions 
 In combination with the downturn in our industry cycle, lower commodity prices, changes in government policies, higher interest rates and repercussions from geopolitical events, the global economy continues to experience events affecting our suppliers, customers and business operations. As a consequence of the industry downturn, and the resulting increase in dealer inventories of our products, the Company expects production volumes to decline for the rest of 2024 due to lower demand. Given these conditions, we expect manufacturing inefficiencies and lower fixed cost absorption. 
 For a discussion of the Company s risks and uncertainties, see Part 1, Item 1A: Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A: Risk Factors within this Form 10-Q. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Revenues Net sales 3,997 5,332 Finance, interest and other income 657 654 Total Revenues 4,654 5,986 Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold 3,130 4,059 Selling, general and administrative expenses 426 462 Research and development expenses 221 266 Restructuring expenses 12 5 Interest expense 378 346 Other, net 127 186 Total Costs and Expenses 4,294 5,324 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 360 662 Income tax expense (75) (171) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates 25 49 Net income (loss) 310 540 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 4 3 Net income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. 306 537 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Revenues 
 We recorded revenues of 4,654 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 22.3 (down 20.9 on a constant currency basis) compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net sales were 3,997 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 25.0 (down 24.0 on a constant currency basis) compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decline was primarily due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand and reduced dealer inventory requirements. 
 33 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold was 3,130 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 4,059 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of net sales of Industrial Activities, cost of goods sold was 78.3 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 (76.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023), which was impacted by lower production volume and unfavorable mix, partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 426 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (9.2 of total revenues), down 36 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (7.7 of total revenues). Total expenses were lower primarily due to a decrease in labor costs, driven by the Company's restructuring program, partially offset by higher credit risk provisions in the Financial Services segment. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 221 million and 266 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses were 12 million and 5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s restructuring program announced in November 2023 targets both labor and non-labor SG A expenses. The Company has incurred a total of 124 million from launch to September 30, 2024 under this program which is substantially complete. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 378 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 346 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The interest expense attributable to Industrial Activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, net of interest income and eliminations, was 36 million, compared to 10 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other, net 
 Other, net expenses were 127 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and included a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary and a pre-tax gain of 6 million 5 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over four years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification. 
 Other, net expenses were 186 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and included a pre-tax gain of 6 million 5 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over 4 years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification. 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 360 662 Income tax (expense) benefit (75) (171) Effective tax rate 20.8 25.8 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 75 million compared to 171 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 20.8 and 25.8 , respectively. The reduction in the 2024 effective tax rate was due to the impact of the company's income mix, including the existence of credits and other permanent benefits, as well as by discrete items, including the impact of highly-inflationary accounting and tax-related inflation adjustments in Argentina and the one-time impact of a patent box tax deduction in the UK. 
 Equity in Income of Unconsolidated S ubsidiaries and Affiliates 
 Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates was 25 million and 49 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 34 

Net Income 
 Net income was 310 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 540 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary and a pre-tax gain of 6 million 5 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over 4 years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification, partially offset by restructuring expenses of 12 million. 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included a pre-tax gain of 6 million 5 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over four years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification, partially offset by restructuring expenses of 5 million. 
 Industrial Activities and Business Segments 
 The following tables show revenues and Adjusted EBIT by segment. We have also included a discussion of our results by Industrial Activities and each of our business segments: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change Excl. FX Revenues: Agriculture 3,310 4,384 (24.5) (23.6) Construction 687 948 (27.5) (26.0) Eliminations and other Total Net sales of Industrial Activities 3,997 5,332 (25.0) (24.0) Financial Services 659 653 0.9 4.6 Eliminations and other (2) 1 Total Revenues 4,654 5,986 (22.3) (20.9) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Change 2024 Adj EBIT Margin 2023 Adj EBIT Margin Adjusted EBIT by segment: Agriculture 336 642 (306) 10.2 14.6 Construction 40 60 (20) 5.8 6.3 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (40) (75) 35 Total Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities 336 627 (291) 8.4 11.8 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Net sales of Industrial Activities were 3,997 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 25.0 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (down 24.0 on a constant currency basis). This decline was primarily due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand, reduced dealer inventory unit requirements across all regions and unfavorable net price realization due to enhanced retail actions. 
 
 Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities was 336 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an adjusted EBIT of 627 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decline was primarily due to lower industry volumes; partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs, and a continued reduction in SG A expenses. 
 Segment Performance 
 Agriculture 
 Net Sales 
 The following table shows Agriculture net sales by geographic region for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 35 

Agriculture Sales by geographic region 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change North America 1,402 1,807 (22.4) Europe, Middle East and Africa 905 1,202 (24.7) South America 582 830 (29.9) Asia Pacific 421 545 (22.8) Total 3,310 4,384 (24.5) 
 Agriculture's net sales totaled 3,310 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 24.5 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (down 23.6 on a constant currency basis) This decline was primarily due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand, dealer inventory unit requirements across all regions and unfavorable net price realization due to enhanced retail actions. 
 In North America, industry volume was down 18 year-over-year in the third quarter for tractors under 140 HP and was down 17 for tractors over 140 HP; combines were down 29 . In Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), tractor and combine demand was down 20 and 50 , respectively. South America tractor and combine demand was down 12 and 32 , respectively, continuing the negative trend of previous quarters. Asia Pacific tractor demand was up 1 , while combine demand was down 33 . 
 Adjusted EBIT 
 Adjusted EBIT was 336 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 642 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by the lower industry volumes; partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs, and a continued reduction in SG A expenses. R D investments accounted for 6.0 of sales (5.5 in the three months ended September 30, 2023). Adjusted EBIT margin was 10.2 (14.6 in the three months ended September 30, 2023). 
 Construction 
 Net Sales 
 The following table shows Construction net sales by geographic region for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Construction Sales by geographic region 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change North America 358 544 (34.2) Europe, Middle East and Africa 151 200 (24.5) South America 136 147 (7.5) Asia Pacific 42 57 (26.3) Total 687 948 (27.5) 
 Construction's net sales totaled 687 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 27.5 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (down 26.0 on a constant currency basis), due to lower volumes driven mainly by a decrease in market demand across all regions. 
 Global industry volume for construction equipment increased 1 year-over-year in the third quarter for Heavy construction equipment; Light construction equipment was down 9 . Aggregated demand decreased 16 in EMEA and 7 in North America, but increased 11 in South America and 3 in Asia Pacific. 
 Adjusted EBIT 
 Adjusted EBIT was 40 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 60 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of l ower volumes and unfavorable net price realization; partially offset by improved product costs, better plant efficiencies and lower SG A expenses . Adjusted EBIT margin was 5.8 (6.3 in the three months ended September 30, 2023 ). 
 36 

Financial Services Performance 
 Finance, Interest and Other Income 
 Revenues of Financial Services were 659 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, up 0.9 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (up 4.6 on a constant currency basis), due to favorable volumes in all regions except EMEA and higher yields in North America; partially offset by decreased yields in South America due to product mix, and lower used equipment sales due to decreased operating lease maturities. 
 Net Income 
 Net income of Financial Services was 78 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 , primarily due to increased risk costs driven by higher delinquencies in South America, partially offset by higher volumes and interest margin improvements in most regions. 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, retail loan originations, including unconsolidated joint ventures, were 2.8 billion, down 0.2 billion compared to 2023 (down 0.2 billion on a constant currency basis.) The managed portfolio (including unconsolidated joint ventures) was 29.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 (of which retail was 67 and wholesale was 33 ), up 2.2 billion compared to September 30, 2023 (up 2.2 billion on a constant currency basis). 
 At September 30, 2024, the receivables balance greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of receivables was down sequentially to 2.2 , however was elevated from prior year (1.6 as of September 30, 2023) due to economic and environmental factors, specifically in South America. 
 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBIT 
 The following table includes the reconciliation of Adjusted EBIT, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net income, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Agriculture 336 642 Construction 
 40 60 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (40) (75) Total Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities 336 627 Financial Services Net income (loss) 78 86 Financial Services Income Taxes 13 34 Interest expense of Industrial Activities, net of interest income and eliminations (36) (10) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net of Industrial Activities (8) (21) Finance and non-service component of Pension and other post-employment benefit cost of Industrial Activities (2) 
 Restructuring expense of Industrial Activities (12) (5) Other discrete items (3) 
 14 Income (loss) before taxes 385 711 Income tax (expense) benefit (75) (171) Net income (loss) 310 540 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , this item includes the pre-tax gain of 6 million as a result of the amortization over the 4 years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification. 
 (3) In the three months ended September 30, 2024, this item includes a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary. In the three months ended September 30, 2023, this item did not include any discrete items. 
 
 37 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 Revenues Net sales 12,931 16,062 Finance, interest and other income 2,029 1,833 Total Revenues 14,960 17,895 Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold 10,027 12,133 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,298 1,385 Research and development expenses 686 766 Restructuring expenses 94 8 Interest expense 1,190 941 Other, net 449 536 Total Costs and Expenses 13,744 15,769 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 1,216 2,126 Income tax expense (247) (536) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates 114 114 Net income (loss) 1,083 1,704 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 10 11 Net income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. 1,073 1,693 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Revenues 
 We recorded revenues of 14,960 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 16.4 (down 15.8 on a constant currency basis) compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net sales were 12,931 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 19.5 (down 19.0 on a constant currency basis) compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This decline was mainly due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand and reduced dealer inventory unit requirements. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold was 10,027 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 12,133 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of net sales of Industrial Activities, cost of goods sold was 77.5 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (75.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023), which was impacted by lower production volumes and unfavorable mix , partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 1,298 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (8.7 of total revenues), down 87 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (7.7 of total revenues). Total expenses were lower primarily due to a decrease in labor costs, driven by the Company's restructuring program, partially offset by higher credit risk provisions in the Financial Services segment. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 686 million and 766 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses were 94 million and 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s restructuring program announced in November 2023 targets both labor and non-labor SG A expenses. The Company has incurred a total of 124 million from launch to September 30, 2024 under this program which is substantially complete. 
 38 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 1,190 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 941 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The interest expense attributable to Industrial Activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, net of interest income and eliminations, was 114 million, compared to 36 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other, net 
 Other, net expenses were 449 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and included a loss on the sale of non-core product lines of 15 million, offset by a pre-tax gain of 18 million 14 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over four years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification and a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary. 
 Other, net expenses were 536 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and includes a loss of 23 million on the sale of CNH Industrial Russia and CNH Capital Russia, offset by a pre-tax gain of 18 million 14 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over 4 years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification and a gain of 13 million in relation to the fair value remeasurement of previously held investments in Augmenta and Bennamann. 
 Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 (1) 
 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 1,216 2,126 Income tax (expense) benefit (247) (536) Effective tax rate 20.3 25.2 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 247 million compared to 536 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 20.3 and 25.2 , respectively. The reduction in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to discrete items that reduced the rate in 2024, including the impact of highly-inflationary accounting and tax-related inflation adjustments in Argentina. The 2023 effective tax rate was reduced by the impact related to the sale of CNH Industrial Russia, although this tax reduction was partially offset by discrete tax expenses associated with prior periods. 
 Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates 
 Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates was 114 million and 114 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Net Income 
 Net income was 1,083 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 1,704 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included restructuring expenses of 94 million and a loss of 15 million on the sale of certain non-core product lines, partially offset by a pre-tax gain of 18 million 14 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over four years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification and a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary. 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a loss of 17 million related to the sale of CNH Industrial Russia, a loss of 6 million related to CNH Capital Russia, and restructuring expenses of 8 million, offset by a pre-tax gain of 18 million 14 million after-tax) as a result of the amortization over four years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification and a gain of 13 million in relation to the fair value remeasurement of previously held investments in Augmenta and Bennamann. 
 
 39 

Industrial Activities and Business Segments 
 The following tables show revenues and Adjusted EBIT by segment. We have also included a discussion of our results by Industrial Activities and each of our business segments: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change Excl. FX Revenues: Agriculture 10,596 13,201 (19.7) (19.3) Construction 2,335 2,861 (18.4) (17.8) Eliminations and other Total Net sales of Industrial Activities 12,931 16,062 (19.5) (19.0) Financial Services 2,031 1,805 12.5 14.1 Eliminations and other (2) 28 Total Revenues 14,960 17,895 (16.4) (15.8) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 Change 2024 Adj EBIT Margin 2023 Adj EBIT Margin Adjusted EBIT by segment: Agriculture 1,226 2,001 (775) 11.6 15.2 Construction 151 176 (25) 6.5 6.2 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (167) (205) 38 Total Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities 1,210 1,972 (762) 9.4 12.3 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 Net sales of Industrial Activities were 12,931 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 19.5 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (down 19.0 on a constant currency basis). This decline is mainly due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand and dealer inventory unit requirements. 
 Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities was 1,210 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an adjusted EBIT of 1,972 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decline was primarily due to lower volume on decreased industry demand and unfavorable mix in the Agricultural segment; partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs, along with a continued reduction in SG A expenses. 
 Segment Performance 
 Agriculture 
 Net Sales 
 The following table shows Agriculture net sales by geographic region for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Agriculture Sales by geographic region 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change North America 4,583 5,167 (11.3) Europe, Middle East and Africa 3,214 4,225 (23.9) South America 1,623 2,410 (32.7) Asia Pacific 1,176 1,399 (15.9) Total 10,596 13,201 (19.7) 
 40 

Agriculture's net sales totaled 10,596 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 19.7 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (down 19.3 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to lower shipment volumes on decreased industry demand and dealer inventory unit requirements across all regions. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in North America, industry volume was down 14 year-over-year for tractors under 140 HP and down 6 for tractors over 140 HP; combines were down 19 . In Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), tractor and combine demand was down 14 and down 42 , respectively. South America tractor demand was down 12 and combine demand was down 34 continuing the negative trend of the second half of 2023. Asia Pacific tractor demand was down 4 while combine demand was up 12 in the region as a whole. 
 Adjusted EBIT 
 Adjusted EBIT was 1,226 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,001 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by lower volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs, along with a continued reduction in SG A expenses. R D investments accounted for 5.8 of sales (5.2 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023). Adjusted EBIT margin was 11.6 . 
 Construction 
 Net Sales 
 The following table shows Construction net sales by geographic region for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Construction Sales by geographic region 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change North America 1,300 1,594 (18.4) Europe, Middle East and Africa 479 650 (26.3) South America 394 425 (7.3) Asia Pacific 162 192 (15.6) Total 2,335 2,861 (18.4) 
 Construction's net sales totaled 2,335 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decline of 18.4 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (down 17.8 on a constant currency basis), due to lower volume across all regions driven mainly by lower market demand. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 global industry volume for construction equipment decreased 1 year-over-year for Heavy construction equipment; Light construction equipment was down 7 . Aggregated demand decreased 14 in EMEA and decreased 6 in North America, but increased 12 in South America and increased 1 in Asia Pacific . 
 Adjusted EBIT 
 Adjusted EBIT was 151 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 176 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of l ower volumes, mostly offset by improved purchasing and manufacturing costs, along with lower SG A expenses. Adjusted EBIT margin was 6.5 . 
 Financial Services Performance 
 Finance, Interest and Other Income 
 Revenues of Financial Services were 2,031 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, up 12.5 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (up 14.1 on a constant currency basis), due to favorable volumes in all regions except EMEA and higher yields in all regions, except South America, partially offset by lower used equipment sales due to decreased operating lease maturities. 
 Net Income 
 Net income of Financial Services was 287 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 29 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable volumes in all regions except EMEA, margin improvement in all regions except Asia Pacific, and a favorable effective tax rate due to Argentina inflation adjustment in the current year; partially offset by increased risk costs due to higher aged delinquencies in South America, increased specific reserve needs in North America and lower used equipment sales from less operating lease maturities. 
 41 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, retail loan originations, including unconsolidated joint ventures, were 8.2 billion, up 0.1 billion compared to 2023 (up 0.2 billion on a constant currency basis). The managed portfolio, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was 29.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 (of which retail was 67 and wholesale 33 ), up 2.2 billion compared to September 30, 2023 (up 2.2 billion on a constant currency basis). 
 At September 30, 2024, the receivables balance greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of receivables was down sequentially to 2.2 , however was elevated from prior year (1.6 as of September 30, 2023) due to economic and environmental factors, specifically in South America. 
 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBIT 
 The following table includes the reconciliation of Adjusted EBIT, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net income, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions of dollars) 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 Agriculture 1,226 2,001 Construction 
 151 176 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (167) (205) Total Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities 1,210 1,972 Financial Services Net income (loss) 287 258 Financial Services Income Taxes 55 89 Interest expense of Industrial Activities, net of interest income and eliminations (114) (36) Foreign exchange gains (losses), net of Industrial Activities (12) (27) Finance and non-service component of Pension and other post-employment benefit cost of Industrial Activities (2) 
 (2) 2 Restructuring expense of Industrial Activities (93) (8) Other discrete items (3) 
 (1) (10) Income (loss) before taxes 1,330 2,240 Income tax (expense) benefit (247) (536) Net income (loss) 1,083 1,704 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, this item includes the pre-tax gain of 18 million as a result of the amortization over the 4 years of the 101 million positive impact from the 2021 U.S. healthcare plan modification. 
 (3) In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this item includes a gain of 14 million for a fair value adjustment related to an investment in unconsolidated subsidiary. offset by a loss of 15 million on the sale of certain non-core product lines . In the nine months ended September 30, 2023 this item included a gain of 13 million in relation to the fair value remeasurement of Augmenta and Bennamann, offset by a 23 million loss on the sale of CNH Industrial Russia and CNH Capital Russia. 
 
 42 

Supplemental Information 
 The operations, key financial measures, and financial analysis differ significantly for manufacturing and distribution businesses and financial services businesses; therefore, management believes that certain supplemental disclosures are important in understanding the consolidated operations and financial results of CNH. This supplemental information does not purport to represent the operations of each group as if each group were to operate on a standalone basis. This supplemental data includes: 
 Industrial Activities The financial information captioned Industrial Activities reflects the consolidation of all majority-owned subsidiaries except for the Financial Services business. 
 Financial Services The financial information captioned Financial Services reflects the consolidation or combination of the Financial Services business. 
 Statement of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Industrial Activities (2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Industrial Activities (1)(2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Revenues Net sales 3,997 3,997 5,332 5,332 Finance, interest and other income 27 659 (29) (3) 657 49 653 (48) (3) 654 Total Revenues 4,024 659 (29) 4,654 5,381 653 (48) 5,986 Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold 3,130 3,130 4,059 4,059 Selling, general administrative expenses 313 113 426 398 64 462 Research and development expenses 221 221 266 266 Restructuring expenses 12 12 5 5 Interest expense 63 344 (29) (4) 378 59 335 (48) (4) 346 Other, net 11 116 127 47 139 186 Total Costs and Expenses 3,750 573 (29) 4,294 4,834 538 (48) 5,324 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 274 86 360 547 115 662 Income tax expense (62) (13) (75) (137) (34) (171) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates 
 20 5 25 44 5 49 Net income (loss) 232 78 310 454 86 540 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) Industrial Activities represents the enterprise without Financial Services. Industrial Activities includes the Company's Agriculture and Construction segments, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses not reflected within Financial Services. 
 (3) Eliminations of Financial Services' interest income earned from Industrial Activities. 
 (4) Eliminations of Industrial Activities' interest expense to Financial Services. 
 43 

Statement of Operations Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Industrial Activities (2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Industrial Activities (1) (2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Revenues Net sales 12,931 12,931 16,062 16,062 Finance, interest and other income 98 2,031 (100) (3) 2,029 153 1,805 (125) (3) 1,833 Total Revenues 13,029 2,031 (100) 14,960 16,215 1,805 (125) 17,895 Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold 10,027 10,027 12,133 12,133 Selling, general administrative expenses 1,029 269 1,298 1,219 166 1,385 Research and development expenses 686 686 766 766 Restructuring expenses 93 1 94 8 8 Interest expense 212 1,078 (100) (4) 1,190 189 877 (125) (4) 941 Other, net 94 355 449 109 427 536 Total Costs and Expenses 12,141 1,703 (100) 13,744 14,424 1,470 (125) 15,769 Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes 888 328 1,216 1,791 335 2,126 Income tax expense (192) (55) (247) (447) (89) (536) Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates 
 100 14 114 102 12 114 Net income (loss) 796 287 1,083 1,446 258 1,704 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) Industrial Activities represents the enterprise without Financial Services. Industrial Activities includes the Company's Agriculture and Construction segments, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses not reflected within Financial Services. 
 (3) Eliminations of Financial Services' interest income earned from Industrial Activities. 
 (4) Eliminations of Industrial Activities' interest expense to Financial Services. 

44 

Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Industrial Activities (1) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Industrial Activities (1) (2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Assets Cash and cash equivalents 1,358 443 1,801 3,532 790 4,322 Restricted cash 98 551 649 96 627 723 Trade receivables, net 215 6 (9) (3) 212 136 9 (12) (3) 133 Financing receivables, net 267 24,316 (521) (4) 24,062 393 24,539 (683) (4) 24,249 Financial receivables from Iveco Group N.V. 164 110 274 302 78 380 Inventories, net 5,886 44 5,930 5,522 23 5,545 Property, plant and equipment, net 1,979 1 1,980 1,912 1 1,913 Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates 394 138 532 356 123 479 Equipment under operating leases 48 1,358 1,406 39 1,378 1,417 Goodwill, net 3,475 140 3,615 3,473 141 3,614 Other intangible assets, net 1,228 23 1,251 1,266 26 1,292 Deferred tax assets 904 165 (112) (5) 957 933 181 (135) (5) 979 Derivative assets 61 112 (14) (6) 159 48 104 (16) (6) 136 Other assets 1,265 125 (185) (3) 1,205 1,149 119 (183) (3) 1,085 Total Assets 17,342 27,532 (841) 44,033 19,157 28,139 (1,029) 46,267 Liabilities and Equity Debt 4,675 23,281 (656) (4) 27,300 4,433 23,721 (828) (4) 27,326 Financial payables from Iveco Group N.V. 3 45 48 6 140 146 Trade payables 2,288 130 (9) (3) 2,409 3,424 198 (11) (3) 3,611 Deferred tax liabilities 36 112 (112) (5) 36 35 135 (135) (5) 35 Pension, postretirement and other postemployment benefits 444 6 450 471 5 476 Derivative liabilities 100 59 (14) (6) 145 116 116 (16) (6) 216 Other liabilities 4,959 967 (50) (3) 5,876 5,311 1,035 (39) (3) 6,307 Total Liabilities 12,505 24,600 (841) 36,264 13,796 25,350 (1,029) 38,117 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 57 57 54 54 Equity 4,780 2,932 7,712 5,307 2,789 8,096 Total Liabilities and Equity 17,342 27,532 (841) 44,033 19,157 28,139 (1,029) 46,267 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) Industrial Activities represents the enterprise without Financial Services. Industrial Activities includes the Company's Agriculture and Construction segments, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses not reflected within Financial Services. 
 (3) Eliminations of primarily receivables/payables between Industrial Activities and Financial Services. 
 (4) Eliminations of financing receivables/payables between Industrial Activities and Financial Services. 
 (5) Reclassification of deferred tax assets/liabilities in the same jurisdiction and reclassification needed for appropriate consolidated presentation. 
 (6) Elimination of derivative assets/liabilities between Industrial Activities and Financial Services. 
 
 45 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions of dollars) Industrial Activities (2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Industrial Activities (1)(2) 
 Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) 796 287 1,083 1,446 258 1,704 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense excluding assets under operating lease 312 3 315 273 3 276 Depreciation and amortization expense of assets under operating lease 6 133 139 6 134 140 (Gain) loss from disposal of assets, net 7 7 21 21 Undistributed income of unconsolidated subsidiaries 88 (14) (105) (3) (31) (47) (12) (4) (3) (63) Other non-cash items, net 45 231 276 73 63 136 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Provisions 54 (2) 52 617 1 618 Deferred income taxes 17 (48) (31) (271) (48) (319) Trade and financing receivables related to sales, net 
 (81) 565 (2) (4) 482 (25) (1,582) 5 (4) (1,602) Inventories, net (468) 212 (256) (1,722) 279 (1,443) Trade payables (1,154) (65) 2 (4) (1,217) (56) (40) (5) (4) (101) Other assets and liabilities (507) (36) (543) (174) 199 25 Net cash provided (used) by operating activities (885) 1,266 (105) 276 141 (745) (4) (608) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to retail receivables (5,917) (5,917) (5,689) (5,689) Collections of retail receivables 4,840 4,840 4,308 4,308 Proceeds from sale of asset, excluding assets sold under operating leases 1 1 1 1 Expenditures for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, excluding assets under operating lease (329) (1) (330) (397) (4) (401) Expenditures for assets under operating lease (27) (354) (381) (26) (358) (384) Other, net 206 (195) (1) 10 460 (441) 104 123 Net cash provided (used) by investing activities (149) (1,627) (1) (1,777) 38 (2,184) 104 (2,042) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from long-term debt 1,916 11,178 13,094 7,510 7,510 Payments of long-term debt (1,855) (10,354) (12,209) (1,002) (5,476) (6,478) Net increase (decrease) in other financial liabilities 165 (757) (592) 225 705 930 Dividends paid (600) (105) 105 (3) (600) (531) (4) 4 (3) (531) Purchase of treasury stock and other (689) (1) 1 (689) (224) 104 (104) (224) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (1,063) (39) 106 (996) (1,532) 2,839 (100) 1,207 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (75) (23) (98) 1 (2) (1) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (2,172) (423) (2,595) (1,352) (92) (1,444) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 3,628 1,417 5,045 3,960 1,169 5,129 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 1,456 994 2,450 2,608 1,077 3,685 
 (1) See Note 20 Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements. 
 (2) Industrial Activities represents the enterprise without Financial Services. Industrial Activities includes the Company's Agriculture and Construction segments, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses not reflected within Financial Services. 
 (3) This item includes the elimination of dividends from Financial Services to Industrial Activities, which are included in Industrial Activities net cash used in operating activities. 
 (4) This item includes the elimination of certain minor activities between Industrial Activities and Financial Services. 
 46 

B. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 See our critical accounting estimates discussed in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition Critical Accounting Estimates of our 2023 Annual Report. There have been no material changes to these estimates. 
 C. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following discussion of liquidity and capital resources principally focuses on our consolidated statement of cash flows and our consolidated statement of financial position. Our operations are capital intensive and subject to seasonal variations in financing requirements for dealer receivables and dealer and company inventories. Whenever necessary, funds from operating activities are supplemented from external sources. CNH focuses on cash preservation and leveraging its good access to funding in order to maintain solid financial strength and liquidity. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 At September 30, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash were 2,450 million, a decrease of 2,595 million from 5,045 million at December 31, 2023, primarily due to operating activity cash absorption, the share buyback program, dividends paid, receivable portfolio absorption, and investments in fixed assets, partially offset by an increase in external borrowing to support working capital requirements. 
 At September 30, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents were 1,801 million 4,322 million at December 31, 2023) and Restricted cash was 649 million 723 million at December 31, 2023), respectively. Undrawn medium-term unsecured committed facilities were 5,215 million 5,945 million at December 31, 2023). At September 30, 2024, the aggregate of Cash and cash equivalents, Restricted cash, undrawn medium-term unsecured committed facilities, and net financial receivables from Iveco Group which we consider to constitute our principal liquid assets (or "available liquidity"), totaled 7,891 million 11,224 million at December 31, 2023). At September 30, 2024, this amount also included 226 million net financial receivables from Iveco Group 234 million net financial receivables at December 31, 2023) consisting of net financial receivables mainly towards Financial Services of Iveco Group. 
 Net Cash from Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 276 million and primarily comprised the following elements: 
 1,083 million net income; 
 plus 454 million in non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization 315 million excluding equipment on operating leases); 
 less change in working capital of 1,534 million. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 608 million primarily as a result of 3,121 million change in working capital and 319 million change in deferred income taxes, partially offset by 1,704 million in net income, 618 million change in provisions, 416 million in non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization. 
 Net Cash from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1,777 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and was primarily due to net additions to retail receivables 1,077 million), expenditures for assets under operating leases 381 million), and expenditures for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, excluding assets under operating lease 330 million). 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2,042 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily due to additions to retail receivables 1,381 million), expenditures for assets under operating leases 384 million), expenditures for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of assets under operating lease 401 million). 
 Net Cash from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 996 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and was primarily due to the shares buyback program and dividends paid, partially offset by 293 million increase in external borrowings to support working capital requirements. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 1,207 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily due to an increase in external borrowings to support working capital requirements and an increase to our Financial Services portfolio, partially offset by dividends paid. 
 A summary of total debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is as follows (in millions of dollars): 
 47 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Industrial Activities Financial Services Total Industrial Activities Financial Services Total Total bonds 4,033 5,703 9,736 3,986 5,170 9,156 Asset-backed debt 12,009 12,009 11,716 11,716 Other debt 379 5,176 5,555 146 6,308 6,454 Intersegment debt 263 393 301 527 Total Debt 4,675 23,281 27,300 4,433 23,721 27,326 Financial payables to Iveco Group 3 45 48 6 140 146 Total Debt (including Financial payables to Iveco Group) 4,678 23,326 27,348 4,439 23,861 27,472 

48 

A summary of issued bonds outstanding as of September 30, 2024 is as follows (in millions of dollars, except percentages): 
 Currency Face value of outstanding bonds Coupon Maturity Outstanding amount Industrial Activities Euro Medium Term Notes: CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 650 1.750 September 12, 2025 727 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 100 3.500 November 12, 2025 112 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 500 1.875 January 19, 2026 560 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 600 1.750 March 25, 2027 672 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 50 3.875 April 21, 2028 56 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 500 1.625 July 3, 2029 560 CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (1) 
 EUR 50 2.200 July 15, 2039 56 CNH Industrial N.V. (1) 
 EUR 750 3.750 June 11, 2031 840 Other Bonds: CNH Industrial N.V. (2) 
 USD 500 3.850 November 15, 2027 500 Hedging effects, bond premium/discount, and unamortized issuance costs (50) Total Industrial Activities 4,033 Financial Services CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 500 3.950 May 23, 2025 500 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 400 5.450 October 14, 2025 400 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 500 1.875 January 15, 2026 500 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 600 1.450 July 15, 2026 600 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 600 4.550 April 10, 2028 600 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 500 5.500 January 12, 2029 500 CNH Industrial Capital LLC USD 600 5.100 April 20, 2029 600 CNH Industrial Capital Australia Pty Ltd. AUD 500 5.400 5.800 2026/2027 346 CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd CAD 300 1.500 October 1, 2024 222 CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd CAD 400 5.500 August 11, 2026 296 CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd CAD 400 4.800 March 25, 2027 296 CNH Industrial Capital Argentina SA USD 107 0.000 7.500 2025/2026 107 Banco CNH Industrial Capital S.A. BRL 4,065 11.260 12.850 2024/2028 750 Hedging effects, bond premium/discount, and unamortized issuance costs (14) Total Financial Services 5,703 
 (1) Bond listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. 
 (2) Bond listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The calculation of Net Debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the reconciliation of Total Debt, the U.S. GAAP financial measure that we believe to be most directly comparable to Net Debt are shown below (in millions of dollars): 
 49 

Consolidated Industrial Activities Financial Services September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Third party (debt) (27,300) (27,326) (4,412) (4,132) (22,888) (23,194) Intersegment notes payable (263) (301) (393) (527) Financial payables to Iveco Group N.V. (48) (146) (3) (6) (45) (140) Total Debt (1) 
 (27,348) (27,472) (4,678) (4,439) (23,326) (23,861) Cash and cash equivalents 1,801 4,322 1,358 3,532 443 790 Restricted cash 649 723 98 96 551 627 Intersegment notes receivable 393 527 263 301 Financial receivables from Iveco Group N.V. 274 380 164 302 110 78 Other current financial assets (2) 
 Derivatives hedging debt (2) (41) (22) (34) 20 (7) Net Cash/(Debt) (3) 
 (24,626) (22,088) (2,687) (16) (21,939) (22,072) 
 (1) Total (Debt) of Industrial Activities includes Intersegment notes payable to Financial Services of 263 million and 301 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Total (Debt) of Financial Services includes Intersegment notes payable to Industrial Activities of 393 million and 527 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) This item includes short-term deposits and investments towards high-credit rating counterparties. 
 (3) The net intersegment receivable/(payable) balance recorded by Financial Services relating to Industrial Activities was (130) million and (226) million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Excluding positive exchange rate differences of 302 million, Net Debt at September 30, 2024 increased by 2,840 million compared to December 31, 2023, mainly reflected by net operating cash flow from Industrial Activities of (885) million, investments in property, plant, equipment, intangibles, and operating lease assets from industrial activities of (356) million, the increase in portfolio receivables of Financial Services of 340 million, and the cash out of 1,289 million related to the share buyback program and dividends paid. 
 Available committed unsecured facilities expiring after twelve months amounted to approximately 5.2 billion at September 30, 2024 5.9 billion at December 31, 2023). Total committed secured facilities expiring after twelve months amounted to approximately 3.6 billion at September 30, 2024 3.7 billion at December 31, 2023), of which 1.3 billion was available at September 30, 2024 3.7 billion at December 31, 2023 was utilized). 
 With the liquidity position at the end of September 2024 and the demonstrated access to the financial markets, CNH believes that its cash and cash equivalents, access to credit facilities and cash flows from future operations will be adequate to fund its known cash needs. 
 In April 2024, the Company terminated its five-year committed revolving credit facility dated March 18, 2019 (as amended and restated on December 10, 2021) and entered into a new five-year committed revolving credit facility for 3.25 billion, with a Company option to increase the principal amount by up to an additional 500 million on the terms set forth in the credit facility. The credit facility is due to mature in 2029 or such later date as may be extended pursuant to the two extension options of 1-year each which are available to the Company on the terms set forth in the credit facility. 
 
 The credit facility contains customary covenants (including a negative pledge, a status (or pari passu) covenant and restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness by certain subsidiaries) and customary events of default, some of which are subject to minimum thresholds and customary mitigants (including cross acceleration provisions, failure to pay amounts due or to comply with certain provisions under the loan agreement and the occurrence of certain bankruptcy-related events) and mandatory prepayment obligations upon a change in control of the Company . 
 
 In June 2024, CNH Industrial N.V. issued Euro 750 million of 3.75 notes due June 11, 2031 with an issue price of 99.168 of their principal amount. 
 
 Please refer to Note 10: Debt in our 2023 Form 10-K for more information related to our debt and credit facilities. 
 50 

Contingencies 
 As a global company with a diverse business portfolio, CNH is exposed to numerous legal risks, including legal proceedings, claims and governmental investigations, particularly in the areas of product liability (including asbestos-related liability), product performance, emissions and fuel economy, retail and wholesale credit, competition and antitrust law, intellectual property matters (including patent infringement), disputes with dealers and suppliers and service providers, environmental risks, and tax and employment matters. For more information, please refer to the information presented in Note 16: Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company has been responding to subpoenas issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC requesting information and documents relating to our revenue recognition and sales practices. The Company is cooperating with the SEC s inquiry and continues to provide responsive documents and information. The Company is unable to predict with certainty what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the SEC or any other governmental authority as a result of these requests. 
 SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 This Quarterly Report includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this filing, including competitive strengths; business strategy; future financial position or operating results; budgets; projections with respect to revenue, income, earnings (or loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, liquidity, capital structure or other financial items; costs; and plans and objectives of management regarding operations and products, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding the future performance of CNH and its subsidiaries on a standalone basis. These statements may include terminology such as may , will , expect , could , should , intend , estimate , anticipate , believe , outlook , continue , remain , on track , design , target , objective , goal , forecast , projection , prospects , plan , or similar terminology. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control and are difficult to predict. If any of these risks and uncertainties materialize (or they occur with a degree of severity that the Company is unable to predict) or other assumptions underlying any of the forward-looking statements prove to be incorrect, including any assumptions regarding strategic plans, the actual results or developments may differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others: economic conditions in each of our markets, including the significant uncertainty caused by geopolitical events; production and supply chain disruptions, including industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints; the many interrelated factors that affect consumer confidence and worldwide demand for capital goods and capital goods-related products, changes in government policies regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policy; legislation, particularly pertaining to capital goods-related issues such as agriculture, the environment, debt relief and subsidy program policies, trade and commerce and infrastructure development; government policies on international trade and investment, including sanctions, import quotas, capital controls and tariffs; volatility in international trade caused by the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, and trade wars; actions of competitors in the various industries in which we compete; development and use of new technologies and technological difficulties; the interpretation of, or adoption of new, compliance requirements with respect to engine emissions, safety or other aspects of our products; labor relations; interest rates and currency exchange rates; inflation and deflation; energy prices; prices for agricultural commodities and material price increases; housing starts and other construction activity; our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt; price pressure on new and used equipment; the resolution of pending litigation and investigations on a wide range of topics, including dealer and supplier litigation, intellectual property rights disputes, product warranty and defective product claims, and emissions and/or fuel economy regulatory and contractual issues; security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, technology failures, and other disruptions to the information technology infrastructure of CNH and its suppliers and dealers; security breaches with respect to our products; our pension plans and other post-employment obligations; political and civil unrest; volatility and deterioration of capital and financial markets, including pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist attacks in Europe and elsewhere; the remediation of a material weakness; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our business initiatives as part of our strategic plan; including targeted restructuring actions to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operations; our failure to realize, or a delay in realizing, all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures and other similar risks and uncertainties, and our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
 Forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions relating to the factors described in this filing, which are sometimes based upon estimates and data received from third parties. Such estimates and data are often revised. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside CNH s control. CNH expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to provide, update or revise any forward-looking statements in this announcement to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. 
 51 

Further information concerning CNH, including factors that potentially could materially affect its financial results, is included in the Company s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 All future written and oral forward-looking statements by CNH or persons acting on the behalf of CNH are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained herein or referred to above. 
 Additional factors could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements included in the Company s filings with the SEC (including, but not limited to, the factors discussed in our 2023 Annual Report and subsequent quarterly reports). 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 See Part II, Item 7A of our 2023 Annual Report. There has been no material change in this information. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Previously Identified Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. management identified control deficiencies related to the design and implementation of information technology (IT) general controls in the areas of user access limits and segregation of duties related to multiple enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications that resulted in a material weakness. 
 
 Management's Remediation of the Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 
 In response to the identified material weakness, we, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, took actions to remediate the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. Such remediation actions included the design, implementation, and testing of the following new and updated controls, processes and procedures: 
 
 1. We enhanced our IT general controls framework that addresses risks associated with user access and security, application change management and IT operations. 
 a. Management performed review of all users with privileged access, validated as appropriate and corrected user access when inappropriate. 
 b. Management performed look-back review of actions taken by users identified with inappropriate access to assure no actions were taken by the user that would be deemed inappropriate. 
 c. Designed a new control to review privileged access as a continuous monitoring procedure. 
 d. Management has redesigned and enhanced controls around the usage and monitoring of the firecall accounts. 
 
 2. We implemented compensating controls and provided focused training for control owners to help sustain effective control operations relating to segregation of duties to strengthen user access controls and security. 
 
 As a result of the remediation activities and implementation of the new controls described above, we have remediated the material weakness as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As described above, the Company has taken steps to remediate the material weakness noted above. Other than in connection with these remediation steps, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to 
 52 

the costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 53 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 16: Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Part I, Item 1A). The risks described in our 2023 Annual Report, and in the "Safe Harbor Statement" within this report are not the only risks faced by us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known, or that are currently judged to be immaterial, may also materially affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 In February 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a 500 million share buyback program under which the Company may repurchase its common shares in the open market or through privately negotiated or other transactions, including at the Company s election trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 depending on share price, market conditions and other factors. 
 The Company s purchases of its common shares under its buyback programs during the three months ended September 30, 2024, were as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Average Price Paid per Share ) Approximate USD Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs ) 7/1/2024 - 7/31/2024 2,722,134 9.83 383,295,571 8/1/2024 - 8/31/2024 845,469 9.98 374,859,506 9/1/2024 - 9/30/2024 
 1,233,269 10.17 362,319,506 Total 4,800,872 362,319,506 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 54 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Association of CNH Industrial N.V., dates September 29, 2013 (Previously filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F of the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-36085) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of CNH Industrial NV, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of CNH Industrial NV, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of CNH Industrial NV and Chief Financial Officer of CNH Industrial NV, as required pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File is formatted in Inline XBRL and is contained in Exhibits 101 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosures other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular any warranties or representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt have not been filed. The registrant will furnish copies thereof to the SEC upon request. 

55 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. /s/ GERRIT MARX Gerrit Marx Chief Executive Officer /s/ ODDONE INCISA Oddone Incisa Chief Financial Officer November 12, 2024 
 
 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gerrit Marx, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CNH Industrial N.V. (the Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report and 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or others performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

November 12, 2024 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. s GERRIT MARX Gerrit Marx Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Oddone Incisa, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CNH Industrial N.V. (the Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report and 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or others performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

November 12, 2024 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. s ODDONE INCISA Oddone Incisa Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of CNH Industrial N.V. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. s GERRIT MARX Gerrit Marx Chief Executive Officer s ODDONE INCISA Oddone Incisa Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cnhi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cnhi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cnhi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cnhi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cnhi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

