<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1657788_0001558370-24-015073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8478541</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123804</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1272056</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3199049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1507426</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2158500</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015073.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108170558
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001657788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				475505475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38005
		FILM NUMBER:		241441677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-887-9976

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015073.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 krp-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 1311 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had outstanding common units representing limited partner interests and Class B units representing limited partner interests. 

KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) : 1 Consolidated Balance Sheets 1 Consolidated Statements of Operations 2 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Unitholders Equity 3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 37 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 38 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 39 Item 1A. Risk Factors 39 Item 5. Other Information 40 Item 6. Exhibits 40 Signatures 42 

 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Oil, natural gas and NGL receivables Derivative assets Accounts receivable and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Oil and natural gas properties Oil and natural gas properties, using full cost method of accounting and excluded from depletion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment ) ) Total oil and natural gas properties, net Right-of-use assets, net Derivative assets Loan origination costs, net Total assets LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND UNITHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Derivative liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, excluding current portion Derivative liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Mezzanine equity: Series A preferred units units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders' equity: Common units units and units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Class B units units and units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Total Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders' equity Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and unitholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues Lease bonus and other income Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments, net ) Total revenues Costs and expenses Production and ad valorem taxes Depreciation and depletion expense Impairment of oil and natural gas properties Marketing and other deductions General and administrative expense Consolidated variable interest entities related: General and administrative expense Total costs and expenses Operating income Other (expense) income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account Net income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) ) Net income and distributions and accretion on Series A preferred units attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Net income per unit attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common units outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN UNITHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Non-controlling Common Units Amount Class B Units Amount Interest in OpCo Total Balance at January 1, 2024 Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 Conversion of Class B units to common units ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2024 Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN UNITHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Non-controlling Common Units Amount Class B Units Amount Interest in OpCo Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 Units issued for acquisition Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation and write-off of deferred underwriting commissions Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 Common units issued for equity offering Conversion of Class B units to common units ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and depletion expense Impairment of oil and natural gas properties Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of loan origination costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Unit-based compensation Loss (gain) on derivative instruments, net of settlements ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Oil, natural gas and NGL receivables ) Accounts receivable and other current assets Accounts payable Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of oil and natural gas properties ) ) Proceeds from trust of variable interest entity Consolidated variable interest entities related: Cash paid for transaction costs Cash received from investments held in trust Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the issuance of Series A preferred units, net of issuance costs Proceeds from equity offering, net of issuance costs Contributions from Class B unitholders Redemption of Class B contributions on converted units ) ) Distribution to common unitholders ) ) Distribution to OpCo unitholders ) ) Distribution on Series A preferred units ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Borrowings on long-term debt Repayments on long-term debt ) ) Payment of loan origination costs ) ) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Redemption of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation equity units ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Units issued in exchange for oil and natural gas properties Noncash deemed distribution to Series A preferred units Distribution on Series A preferred units in accounts payable Recognition of tenant improvement asset Consolidated variable interest entities related: Reduction of deferred underwriting commission associated with redemption of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation equity units ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 

7 

Table of Contents 
 Global Conflicts In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and is still engaged in active armed conflict against the country. In October 2023, armed active conflict escalated in the Middle East between Israel and Hamas and is still active. In April 2024, Iran launched an attack on Israel, further escalating the regional conflict in the Middle East. These conflicts and the sanctions imposed in response have led to regional instability and caused dramatic fluctuations in global financial markets and have increased the level of global economic and political uncertainty, including uncertainty about world-wide oil supply and demand, which in turn has increased volatility in commodity prices. To date, the Partnership has not experienced a material impact to operations or the consolidated financial statements as a result of these conflicts; however, the Partnership will continue to monitor for events that could materially impact them. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As discussed further in Note 4, the Partnership completed the dissolution and deconsolidation of TGR (along with related entities) on June 30, 2023. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Natural gas revenue NGL revenue Total Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues million. The Partnership funded the cash transaction with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility and net proceeds from the Preferred Unit Transaction (as defined in Note 10 Preferred Units). The adjusted purchase price of the LongPoint Acquisition includes the total cash consideration of million, transactional costs of million and less million of post-effective net oil, natural gas and NGL revenues earned prior to the closing date. The LongPoint Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties and million to unevaluated properties. On May 17, 2023, the Partnership completed the acquisition of certain mineral and royalty assets held by MB Minerals, L.P. and certain of its affiliates (the MB Minerals Acquisition ). The aggregate consideration for the MB Minerals Acquisition consisted of (i) approximately million in cash and (ii) the issuance of (a) common units of the Operating Company OpCo common units and an equal number of Class B units representing limited partnership interests in the Partnership Class B Units and (b) common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership common units ). The Partnership funded the cash payment of the purchase price with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility. The assets acquired in the MB Minerals Acquisition are located in Howard and Borden Counties, Texas. The MB Minerals Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties and million to unevaluated properties. Special Purpose Acquisition Company On February 8, 2022, the Partnership s previously dissolved special purpose acquisition company and subsidiary, TGR, consummated its million initial public offering. Under the terms of TGR s governing documents, TGR had until May 8, 2023 to complete a business combination, subject to an option to extend such deadline. On May 22, 2023, as a result of TGR s inability to consummate an initial business combination on or prior to May 8, 2023, and pursuant to the terms of its organizational documents, TGR redeemed all of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock of TGR, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), included as part of the units issued in its initial public offering. The Class A common stock was redeemed on June 22, 2023 and the Partnership completed the dissolution and deconsolidation of TGR (along with related entities) on June 30, 2023 in accordance with the terms of its organizational documents. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 ) Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments, net ) Net cash (received) paid on settlements of derivative instruments ) ) Ending fair value of derivative instruments ) ) The following table presents the fair value of the Partnership s derivative contracts for the periods indicated: Long-term assets Derivative assets Liabilities: Current liabilities Derivative liabilities ) Long-term liabilities Derivative liabilities ) ) As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership s open commodity derivative contracts consisted of the following: January 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - September 2026 Natural Gas Price Swaps 

Notional Weighted Average Range (per MMBtu) Volumes (MMBtu) Fixed Price (per MMBtu) Low High October 2024 - December 2024 January 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - September 2026 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities Commodity derivative contracts ) ) December 31, 2023 Assets Commodity derivative contracts Liabilities Commodity derivative contracts ) ) 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Unevaluated properties Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment ) ) Total oil and natural gas properties The net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full-cost ceiling limitation for which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at . To the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed estimated discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. The Partnership assesses all unevaluated properties on a periodic basis for possible impairment. The Partnership assesses properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: economic and market conditions, operators intent to drill, remaining lease term, geological and geophysical evaluations, operators drilling results and activity, the assignment of proved reserves and the economic viability of operator development if proved reserves are assigned. Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until a determination as to the existence of proved developed reserves is able to be made. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization and to the full cost ceiling test. As a result of its full cost ceiling analysis, the Partnership recorded an impairment on its oil and natural gas properties of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment was primarily attributed to the decline in the 12-month average price of oil and natural gas for the three months ended March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2024, the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas were per Bbl of oil and per Mcf of natural gas. These prices represent a and decrease, respectively, from the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas as of March 31, 2023, which were per Bbl of oil and per Mcf of natural gas. The Partnership did t record an impairment on its oil and natural gas properties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 or three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. years. Both the ROU operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the remaining lease payments over the lease term and do not include lease incentives. The Partnership s leases do not provide an implicit rate that can readily be determined; therefore, the Partnership used a discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate, which is determined by the information available in the secured revolving credit facility. The incremental borrowing rate reflects the estimated rate of interest that the Partnership would pay to borrow, on a collateralized basis over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The weighted average discount rate used for the operating leases was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Future minimum lease commitments as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: Less: Imputed Interest ) Total million with an initial borrowing base of million and an initial aggregate elected commitments amount of up to million, including a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit of up to million and (ii) an extension of the maturity date of the A R Credit Agreement to June 7, 2027. In connection with the A R Credit Agreement , the Partnership recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of million as a result of writing off all unamortized loan origination costs associated with the lenders to the Partnership s existing credit agreement that did not participate in the A R Credit Agreement . On July 24, 2023, the Partnership entered into Amendment No. 1 (the First Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The amendment amended the A R Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) decrease the frequency of and increase the threshold for excess cash determinations from million to million and (ii) permit the Partnership to issue certain preferred equity interests. On December 8, 2023, in connection with the November 1, 2023 redetermination, the Partnership entered into Amendment No. 2 the Second Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The amendment amends the A R Credit Agreement to , among other things, increase each of the borrowing base and aggregate elected commitments from million to million. The secured revolving credit facility bears interest at a rate equal to, at the Partnership s election, either (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined in the A R Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum, based on borrowing base utilization. The secured revolving credit facility is guaranteed by certain of the Partnership s material subsidiaries and is collateralized by substantially all assets, including the oil and natural gas properties of such subsidiaries, including mortgages on at least of the PV-9 of the proved reserves constituting borrowing base properties as set forth on the Partnership s most recent reserve report. The borrowing base will be redetermined semi-annually on or about May 1 and November 1 of each year by the Lenders, with one interim unscheduled redetermination available to each of the Partnership and a group of certain Lenders between scheduled redeterminations during each calendar year. In connection with the May 1, 2024 redetermination under the secured revolving credit facility, the borrowing base was reaffirmed at million . Customary borrowing base reductions and mandatory prepayments are required under the A R Credit Agreement in connection with certain sales of certain types of borrowing base properties, sales of equity interests in guarantor subsidiaries owning such properties, certain debt issuances or certain types of swap terminations. In addition, Cash Balance (as defined in the First Amendment) above million is required to be applied weekly to prepay loans (without a commitment reduction) if not otherwise reduced to in a manner permitted by the A R Credit Agreement. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 per annum on the average daily unused portion of the current aggregate commitments under the secured revolving credit facility . The Partnership is also required to pay customary letter of credit and fronting fees. The A R Credit Agreement requires the Partnership to maintain as of the last day of each fiscal quarter: (i) a Debt to EBITDAX Ratio (as defined in the A R Credit Agreement) of not more than 3.5 to 1.0 and (ii) a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 . The A R Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, as to compliance with laws (including environmental laws and anti-corruption laws), delivery of quarterly and annual financial statements and borrowing base certificates, conduct of business, maintenance of property, maintenance of insurance, entry into certain derivatives contracts, restrictions on the incurrence of liens, indebtedness, asset dispositions, restricted payments and other customary covenants. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions. Additionally, the A R Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and remedies for credit facilities of this nature. If the Partnership does not comply with the financial and other covenants in the A R Credit Agreement, the Lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the A R Credit Agreement and any outstanding unfunded commitments may be terminated. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership borrowed an additional million under the secured revolving credit facility and repaid approximately million of the outstanding borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership s outstanding balance was million. The Partnership was in compliance with all covenants included in the secured revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the secured revolving credit facility bore interest at SOFR plus a margin of or the ABR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) plus a margin of . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate on the Partnership s outstanding borrowings was and , respectively. Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Series A preferred units ). On September 13, 2023, in connection with the closing of the LongPoint Acquisition, the Partnership completed the private placement of Series A preferred units to the Series A Purchasers for per Series A preferred unit, resulting in gross proceeds to the Partnership of million (the Preferred Unit Transaction ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the Preferred Unit Transaction to purchase preferred units of the Operating Company. The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to fund a portion of the LongPoint Acquisition. The Series A preferred units rank senior to the Partnership s common units with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. Until the conversion of the Series A preferred units into common units or their redemption, holders of the Series A preferred units are entitled to receive cumulative quarterly distributions equal to per annum plus accrued and unpaid distributions. The Partnership has the right, in any four non-consecutive quarters, to elect not to pay such quarterly distribution in cash and instead have the unpaid distribution amount added to the liquidation preference at the rate of per annum. If the Partnership makes such an election in consecutive quarters or if the Partnership fails to pay in full, in cash and when due, any distribution owed to the Series A preferred units or otherwise materially breaches its obligations to the holders of the Series A preferred units, the distribution rate will increase to per annum until the accumulated distributions are paid in full in cash, or any such material breach is cured, as applicable. Each holder of Series A preferred units has the right to share in any special distributions by the Partnership of cash, securities or other property pro rata with the common units on an as-converted basis, subject to customary adjustments. The Partnership cannot declare or make any distributions, redemptions or repurchases on any junior securities, including any of their common units, prior to paying the quarterly distribution payable to the Series A preferred units, including any previously accrued and unpaid distributions. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 million or such lesser amount that covers all of the holders remaining Series A preferred units and (b) the closing price of the common units is at least of the conversion price of , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments (the Conversion Price for trading days during the -trading day period immediately preceding the conversion notice. At any time on or after the second anniversary of the original issuance date, the Partnership will have the option to convert all or any portion of the Series A preferred units into a number of common units determined by the then-applicable conversion rate, provided that (i) any conversion is for an amount of common units with an aggregate value of at least million or such lesser amount that covers all of the holders Series A preferred units, (ii) the common units are listed for, or admitted to, trading on a national securities exchange, (iii) the closing price of the common units is at least of the Conversion Price for trading days during the -trading day period immediately preceding the conversion notice and (iv) the Partnership has an effective registration statement on file with the SEC covering resales of the underlying common units to be received by the holders of Series A preferred units upon such conversion. The Series A preferred units are redeemable at the option of the Series A Purchasers after from the effective date of the Series A preferred unit purchase agreement, August 2, 2023. The Series A preferred units may be redeemed by the Partnership at any time or in the event of a change of control. The Series A preferred units may be redeemed for a cash amount per Series A preferred unit equal to the product of (i) the number of outstanding Series A preferred units multiplied by (ii) the greatest of (a) an amount (together with all prior distributions made in respect of such Series A preferred unit) necessary to achieve the Minimum IRR (as defined below), (b) an amount (together with all prior distributions made in respect of such Series A preferred unit) necessary to achieve a return on investment equal to times with respect to such Series A p referred unit and (c) the Series A issue price plus accrued and unpaid distributions. For purposes of the Series A preferred units , Minimum IRR means as of any measurement date: (i) prior to the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date , a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units; (ii) on or after the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date and prior to the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units and (iii) on or after the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units. In connection with the issuance of the Series A preferred units, the Partnership granted holders of the Series A preferred units board observer rights beginning on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date, board appointment rights beginning on the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, and in the case of events of default with respect to the Series A preferred units, the right to appoint members of the board beginning on the seventh anniversary of the original issuance date. The terms of the Series A preferred units contain covenants preventing the Partnership from taking certain actions without the approval of the holders of 66 2 / 3 of the outstanding Series A preferred units, voting separately as a class. common units issued and outstanding and Class B units issued and outstanding. On August 7, 2023, the Partnership completed an underwritten public offering of common units for net proceeds of approximately million (the 2023 Equity Offering ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the 2023 Equity Offering to purchase OpCo common units. The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to repay approximately million of the outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility. The Operating Company used the remainder of the net proceeds of the 2023 Equity Offering for general corporate purposes. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Common units issued under the A R LTIP (1) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) Conversion of Class B units to common units Balance at September 30, 2024 

 (1) Includes restricted units granted to certain employees and directors under the Amended and Restated Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan on February 19, 2024. 
 The following table presents information regarding the common unit cash distributions approved by the General Partner s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors for the periods presented: Q2 2024 Q3 2024 Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2023 For each Class B unit issued, cents has been paid to the Partnership as additional consideration (the Class B Contribution ). Holders of the Class B units are entitled to receive cash distributions equal to per quarter on their respective Class B Contribution, subsequent to distributions on the Series A preferred units, but prior to distributions on the common units and OpCo common units. Holders of the Class B units are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders. Holders of the common units and the Class B units generally vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders for their vote or approval. Holders of Class B units do not have any right to receive dividends or distributions upon a liquidation or winding up of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP. The Class B units and OpCo common units are exchangeable together into an equal number of common units of the Partnership. Change in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries Non-controlling interest in the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements represents the non-controlling interest in the net assets of the Operating Company. The Partnership s relative ownership interest in OpCo can change due to the Partnership s public offerings, issuance of units for acquisitions, issuance of unit-based compensation, conversion of Class B to common units, repurchases of common units and distribution rights paid on the Partnership s units. These changes in ownership percentage result in adjustments to non-controlling interest and common unitholders' equity. Changes in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) ) ) Change from net income attributable to the Partnership's unitholders and transfers to non-controlling interest 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Net adjustment to accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation and write-off of deferred underwriting commissions Net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP after accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation and write-off of deferred underwriting commissions Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in OpCo and distribution on Class B units Diluted net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Weighted average number of common units outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Series A preferred units Class B units Restricted units Diluted Net income per unit attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Basic Diluted The calculation of diluted net income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 includes the conversion of all Series A preferred units and Class B units to common units calculated using the if-converted method and units of unvested restricted units calculated using the treasury stock method. common units, which increased the total number of common units available to be awarded under the A R LTIP, after taking into account previously awarded 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 common units. The Partnership s A R LTIP authorizes grants to its employees and directors. The restricted units issued under the Partnership s A R LTIP generally vest in one - third installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the grantee s continuous service through the applicable vesting date. Compensation expense for such awards will be recognized over the term of the service period on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Management elects not to estimate forfeiture rates and to account for forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur. Distributions related to the restricted units are paid concurrently with the Partnership s distributions for common units. The fair value of the Partnership s restricted units issued under the A R LTIP to the Partnership s employees and directors is determined by utilizing the market value of the Partnership s common units on the respective grant date. The following table presents a summary of the Partnership s unvested restricted units. years Awarded Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 (1) years 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense associated with unvested restricted units based on the weighted average grant date fair value per unit of . 
 , compared to for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Partnership recorded an income tax expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and an income tax expense of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. monthly services fee was paid to BJF Royalties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership made payments to K3 Royalties in the amount of and , respectively. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 and in reimbursements from Rivercrest Capital Management, LLC for shared operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. , the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash distribution of per common unit and OpCo common unit for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The Partnership intends to pay this distribution on to common unitholders and OpCo common unitholders of record as of the close of business on . The Partnership will pay a quarterly cash distribution on the Series A preferred units of approximately million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The Partnership intends to pay the distribution subsequent to November 7, 2024, and prior to the distribution on the common units and OpCo common units. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo ) Total unitholders' equity June 30, 2023 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity September 30, 2023 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity 

March 31, 2024 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity June 30, 2024 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo ) Total unitholders' equity 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of f inancial conditio n and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report ), as well as our audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as amended (the 2023 Form 10-K ). Unless the context otherwise requires, references to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, our Partnership, we our, or us or like terms refer to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and its subsidiaries. References to the Operating Company or OpCo refer to our subsidiary Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC. References to our General Partner refer to Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC. References to our Sponsors refer to affiliates of our founders, Ben J. Fortson, Robert D. Ravnaas, Brett G. Taylor and Mitch S. Wynne, respectively. References to the Contributing Parties refer to all entities and individuals, including certain affiliates of our Sponsors, that contributed, directly or indirectly, certain mineral and royalty interests to us. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements and information in this Quarterly Report may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. Words such as may, assume, forecast, position, predict, strategy, expect, intend, plan, estimate, anticipate, believe, project, budget, potential or continue, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. They can be affected by assumptions used or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this Quarterly Report. Actual results may vary materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of future operations or acquisitions. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: our ability to replace our reserves; our ability to make, consummate and integrate acquisitions of assets or businesses and realize the benefits or effects of any acquisitions or the timing, final purchase price or consummation of any acquisitions; our ability to execute our business strategies; the volatility of realized prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids NGLs ), including as a result of actions by, or disputes among or between, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other foreign, oil-exporting countries ; the level of production on our properties; the level of drilling and completion activity by the operators of our properties; our ability to forecast identified drilling locations, gross horizontal wells, drilling inventory and estimates of reserves on our properties and on properties we seek to acquire; regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production; industry, economic, business or political conditions, including the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and the energy and environmental proposals being considered and evaluated by the federal government and other regulating bodies; the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military and other action and armed conflict, such as the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East; 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 revisions to our reserve estimates as a result of changes in commodity prices, decline curves and other uncertainties; impact of impairment expense on our financial statements; competition in the oil and natural gas industry generally and the mineral and royalty industry in particular; the ability of the operators of our properties to obtain capital or financing needed for development and exploration operations; title defects in the properties in which we acquire an interest; the availability or cost of rigs, completion crews, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel to the operators of our properties; restrictions on or the availability of the use of water in the business of the operators of our properties; the availability of transportation facilities; the ability of the operators of our properties to comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations and to obtain permits and governmental approvals; federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to the environment, hydraulic fracturing, tax laws and other matters affecting the oil and gas industry, including the Biden administration s proposals and recent executive orders focused on addressing climate change; future operating results; exploration and development drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs; operating hazards faced by the operators of our properties; the ability of the operators of our properties to keep pace with technological advancements; uncertainties regarding United States federal income tax law, including the treatment of our future earnings and distributions; and our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. 
 These factors are discussed in further detail in the 2023 Form 10-K under Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Overview We are a Delaware limited partnership formed in 2015 to own and acquire mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties throughout the United States. We have elected to be taxed as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes. As an owner of mineral and royalty interests, we are entitled to a portion of the revenues received from the production of oil, natural gas and associated NGLs from the acreage underlying our interests, net of post-production expenses and taxes. We are not obligated to fund drilling and completion costs, lease operating expenses or plugging and abandonment costs at the end of a well s productive life. Our primary business objective is to provide increasing cash distributions to unitholders resulting from acquisitions from third parties, our Sponsors and the Contributing Parties and from organic growth through the continued development by working interest owners of the properties in which we own an interest. As of September 30, 2024, we owned mineral and royalty interests in approximately 12.2 million gross acres and overriding royalty interests in approximately 4.7 million gross acres, with approximately 54 of our aggregate acres 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 located in the Permian Basin and Mid-Continent. We refer to these non-cost-bearing interests collectively as our mineral and royalty interests. As of September 30, 2024, over 99 of the acreage subject to our mineral and royalty interests was leased to working interest owners, including 100 of our overriding royalty interests, and substantially all of those leases were held by production. Our mineral and royalty interests are located in 28 states and in every major onshore basin across the continental United States and include ownership in over 129,000 gross wells, including over 50,000 wells in the Permian Basin. The following table summarizes our ownership in United States basins and producing regions and information about the wells in which we have a mineral or royalty interest as September 30, 2024: 

Average Daily Production Basin or Producing Region Gross Acreage Net Acreage (Boe/d)(6:1)(1) Well Count Permian Basin 3,336,729 26,928 8,683 50,604 Mid Continent 5,868,926 48,832 4,481 20,898 Terryville/Cotton Valley/Haynesville 1,428,907 7,919 4,523 16,297 Appalachian Basin 741,354 23,203 1,586 3,929 Bakken/Williston Basin 1,640,077 6,138 948 5,358 Eagle Ford 624,148 6,730 1,655 4,277 DJ Basin/Rockies/Niobrara 74,152 1,036 828 12,556 Other 3,232,560 36,693 1,142 15,444 Total 16,946,853 157,479 23,846 129,363 

 (1) Btu-equivalent production volumes are presented on an oil-equivalent basis using a conversion factor of six Mcf of natural gas per barrel of oil equivalent, which is based on approximate energy equivalency and does not reflect the price or value relationship between oil and natural gas. Please read Business Oil and Natural Gas Data Proved Reserves Summary of Estimated Proved Reserves in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 The following table summarizes information about the number of drilled but uncompleted wells DUCs and permitted locations on acreage in which we have a mineral or royalty interest as of September 30, 2024: 

Basin or Producing Region(1) Gross DUCs Gross Permits Net DUCs Net Permits Permian Basin 457 349 2.62 1.71 Mid Continent 131 54 1.04 0.43 Terryville/Cotton Valley/Haynesville 50 10 0.54 0.13 Appalachian Basin 5 3 0.02 0.01 Bakken/Williston Basin 79 75 0.20 0.28 Eagle Ford 100 32 0.63 0.13 DJ Basin/Rockies/Niobrara 9 4 0.08 0.02 Total 831 527 5.13 2.71 

 (1) The above table represents DUCs and permitted locations only, and there is no guarantee that the DUCs or permitted locations will be developed into producing wells in the future. 
 Recent Developments Quarterly Distributions On November 7, 2024, our General Partner s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.41 per common unit representing limited partner interests in the Partnership common unit and common unit of the Operating Company OpCo common unit for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. We intend to pay the distributions on November 25, 2024 to common unitholders and OpCo common unitholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2024. We will pay a cash distribution on the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Series A preferred units of approximately 4.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. We intend to pay the distribution subsequent to November 7, 2024 and prior to the distribution on the common units and OpCo common units. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Business Environment Global Conflicts In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and is still engaged in active armed conflict against the country. In October 2023, armed active conflict escalated in the Middle East between Israel and Hamas and is still active. In April 2024, Iran launched an attack on Israel, further escalating the regional conflict in the Middle East. These conflicts and the applicable sanctions imposed in response have led to regional instability and caused dramatic fluctuations in global financial markets and have increased the level of global economic and political uncertainty, including uncertainty about world-wide oil supply and demand, which in turn has increased volatility in commodity prices. To date, we have not experienced a material impact to operations or the consolidated financial statements as a result of these conflicts; however, we will continue to monitor for events that could materially impact us. Commodity Prices and Demand Oil and natural gas prices have been historically volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. As noted above, the supply and demand imbalance resulting from various OPEC announcements and the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, have created increased volatility in oil and natural gas prices. The table below demonstrates such volatility for the periods presented as reported by the United States Energy Information Administration (the EIA ). 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 High Low High Low Oil /Bbl) 87.69 66.73 93.67 66.61 Natural gas /MMBtu) 13.20 1.25 3.78 1.74 On October 28, 2024, the West Texas Intermediate posted price for crude oil was 67.65 per Bbl and the Henry Hub spot market price of natural gas was 2.03 per MMBtu. The following table, as reported by the EIA, sets forth the average daily prices for oil and natural gas. 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil /Bbl) 76.43 82.25 78.58 77.27 Natural gas /MMBtu) 2.11 2.59 2.11 2.46 Rig Count Drilling on our acreage is dependent upon the exploration and production companies that lease our acreage. As such, we monitor rig counts in an effort to identify existing and future leasing and drilling activity on our acreage. The Baker Hughes United States Rotary Rig count decreased by 5.5 to 567 active land rigs at September 30, 2024 compared to 600 active land rigs at September 30, 2023. The 567 active land rigs at September 30, 2024 increased slightly compared to 560 active land rigs at June 30, 2024. While the average daily prices for oil and natural gas at September 30, 2024 remained relatively flat when compared to September 30, 2023, higher labor and equipment costs, as a result of inflation, discourages any substantial uptake in the market. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the number of active rigs operating on our acreage by United States basins and producing regions for the periods indicated: 

September 30, Basin or Producing Region 2024 2023 Permian Basin 47 56 Mid Continent 18 18 Terryville/Cotton Valley/Haynesville 8 16 Appalachian Basin 1 Bakken/Williston Basin 7 5 Eagle Ford 8 2 DJ Basin/Rockies/Niobrara 2 1 Total 90 99 Sources of Our Revenue Our revenues are derived from royalty payments we receive from our operators based on the sale of oil, natural gas and NGL production, as well as the sale of NGLs that are extracted from natural gas during processing. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold or changes in commodity prices. The following table presents the breakdown of our oil, natural gas and NGL revenues for the following periods: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Oil revenue 73 73 71 67 Natural gas revenue 15 18 17 24 NGL revenue 12 9 12 9 100 100 100 100 We have entered into oil and natural gas commodity derivative agreements, which extend through September 2026, to establish, in advance, a price for the sale of a portion of the oil and natural gas produced from our mineral and royalty interests. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Available for Distribution on Common Units Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units are used as supplemental non-GAAP financial measures (as defined below) by management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units are useful because they allow us to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and compare the results of our operations period to period without regard to our financing methods or capital structure. In addition, management uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate cash flow available to pay distributions to our unitholders. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), net of depreciation and depletion expense, interest expense, income taxes, impairment of oil and natural gas properties, non-cash unit based compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments and operational impacts of VIEs, which include general and administrative expense and interest income. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of net income (loss) or net cash provided by operating activities as determined by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). We exclude the items listed above from net income (loss) in arriving at Adjusted EBITDA because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are components of Adjusted EBITDA. We define cash available for distribution on common units as Adjusted EBITDA, less cash needed 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 for debt service and other contractual obligations, tax obligations, fixed charges and reserves for future operating or capital needs that the Board of Directors may determine is appropriate. Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss), oil, natural gas and NGL revenues, net cash flows provided by operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The tables below present a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units to net income and net cash provided by operating activities, our most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, for the periods indicated (unaudited). 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units: Net income 25,805,447 18,481,038 50,328,915 65,177,607 Depreciation and depletion expense 32,155,040 23,060,163 103,345,780 60,280,666 Interest expense 6,492,127 6,680,661 20,740,037 18,485,183 Income tax expense 1,906,746 128,359 4,588,596 2,440,399 EBITDA 66,359,360 48,350,221 179,003,328 146,383,855 Impairment of oil and natural gas properties 5,963,575 Unit-based compensation 3,829,593 3,325,891 12,621,991 9,785,631 Loss on extinguishment of debt 480,244 (Gain) loss on derivative instruments, net of settlements (7,066,348) 4,097,565 5,467,679 (11,002,749) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account (3,508,691) General and administrative expense 927,699 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 63,122,605 55,773,677 203,056,573 143,065,989 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to non-controlling interest (9,600,629) (12,278,201) (35,791,314) (31,287,102) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP 53,521,976 43,495,476 167,265,259 111,778,887 Adjustments to reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to cash available for distribution Cash interest expense 5,122,796 4,645,744 15,977,924 13,211,771 Cash distribution on Series A preferred units 4,156,124 749,945 12,067,370 749,945 Cash income tax refund (639,325) Distribution on Class B units 14,524 20,854 56,218 67,939 Cash available for distribution on common units 44,228,532 38,078,933 139,163,747 98,388,557 

 27 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution on common units: Net cash provided by operating activities 62,416,630 36,386,578 194,344,819 114,958,713 Interest expense 6,492,127 6,680,661 20,740,037 18,485,183 Income tax expense 1,906,746 128,359 4,588,596 2,440,399 Impairment of oil and natural gas properties (5,963,575) Amortization of right-of-use assets (87,413) (83,517) (260,292) (251,175) Amortization of loan origination costs (532,452) (405,244) (1,592,712) (1,414,074) Loss on extinguishment of debt (480,244) Unit-based compensation (3,829,593) (3,325,891) (12,621,991) (9,785,631) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net of settlements 7,066,348 (4,097,565) (5,467,679) 11,002,749 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Oil, natural gas and NGL receivables (4,243,175) 16,313,898 (10,045,443) 14,326,575 Accounts receivable and other current assets (718,482) (280,154) (28,839) (707,259) Accounts payable (310,117) (854,707) (270,708) (1,014,264) Other current liabilities (1,898,270) (2,200,296) (4,701,685) (5,631,591) Operating lease liabilities 97,011 88,099 282,800 258,430 Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account 3,508,691 Other assets and liabilities 687,353 EBITDA 66,359,360 48,350,221 179,003,328 146,383,855 Add: Impairment of oil and natural gas properties 5,963,575 Unit-based compensation 3,829,593 3,325,891 12,621,991 9,785,631 Loss on extinguishment of debt 480,244 (Gain) loss on derivative instruments, net of settlements (7,066,348) 4,097,565 5,467,679 (11,002,749) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in Trust Account (3,508,691) General and administrative expense 927,699 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 63,122,605 55,773,677 203,056,573 143,065,989 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to non-controlling interest (9,600,629) (12,278,201) (35,791,314) (31,287,102) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP 53,521,976 43,495,476 167,265,259 111,778,887 Adjustments to reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to cash available for distribution Cash interest expense 5,122,796 4,645,744 15,977,924 13,211,771 Cash distribution on Series A preferred units 4,156,124 749,945 12,067,370 749,945 Cash income tax refund (639,325) Distribution on Class B units 14,524 20,854 56,218 67,939 Cash available for distribution on common units 44,228,532 38,078,933 139,163,747 98,388,557 Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results to Our Historical Results Our historical financial condition and results of operations may not be comparable, either from period to period or going forward, to our future financial condition and results of operations, for the reasons described below. Ongoing Acquisition Activities Acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy, and we expect to pursue acquisitions of mineral and royalty interests from third parties, affiliates of our Sponsors and the Contributing Parties. As a part of these efforts, we 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 often engage in discussions with potential sellers or other parties regarding the possible purchase of or investment in mineral and royalty interests, including in connection with a dropdown of assets from affiliates of our Sponsors and the Contributing Parties. Such efforts may involve participation by us in processes that have been made public and involve a number of potential buyers or investors, commonly referred to as auction processes, as well as situations in which we believe we are the only party or one of a limited number of parties who are in negotiations with the potential seller or other party. These acquisition and investment efforts often involve assets which, if acquired or constructed, could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Material acquisitions that would impact the comparability of our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include the acquisition of certain mineral and royalty assets held by MB Minerals, L.P. and certain of its affiliates (the MB Minerals Acquisition in May 2023 and the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Cherry Creek Minerals LLC pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with LongPoint Minerals II, LLC (the LongPoint Acquisition in September 2023. Further, the affiliates of our Sponsors and Contributing Parties have no obligation to sell any assets to us or to accept any offer that we may make for such assets, and we may decide not to acquire such assets even if such parties offer them to us. We may decide to fund any acquisition, including any potential dropdowns, with cash, common units, other equity securities, proceeds from borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility or the issuance of debt securities, or any combination thereof. In addition to acquisitions, we also consider from time to time divestitures that may benefit us and our unitholders. We typically do not announce a transaction until after we have executed a definitive agreement. Past experience has demonstrated that discussions and negotiations regarding a potential transaction can advance or terminate in a short period of time. Moreover, the closing of any transaction for which we have entered into a definitive agreement may be subject to customary and other closing conditions, which may not ultimately be satisfied or waived. Accordingly, we can give no assurance that our current or future acquisition or investment efforts will be successful or that our strategic asset divestitures will be completed. Although we expect the acquisitions and investments we make to be accretive in the long term, we can provide no assurance that our expectations will ultimately be realized. We will not know the immediate results of any acquisition until after the acquisition closes, and we will not know the long-term results for some time thereafter. Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties Accounting standards require that we periodically review the carrying value of our properties for possible impairment. Based on specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews, and the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data, economics and other factors, we may be required to write down the carrying value of our properties. The net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full-cost ceiling limitation for which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10 . To the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed estimated discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. The risk that we will be required to recognize impairments of our oil and natural gas properties increases during periods of low commodity prices. In addition, impairments would occur if we were to experience significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves or the present value of estimated future net revenues. An impairment recognized in one period may not be reversed in a subsequent period even if higher oil and natural gas prices increase the cost center ceiling applicable to the subsequent period. Further, if the price of oil, natural gas and NGLs decreases in future periods, we may be required to record additional impairments as a result of the full-cost ceiling limitation. As a result of our full cost ceiling analysis, we recorded an impairment on our oil and natural gas properties of 6.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment was primarily attributed to the decline in the 12-month average price of oil and natural gas for the three months ended March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2024, the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas were 77.48 per Bbl of oil and 2.45 per Mcf of natural gas. These prices represent a 14.8 and 58.8 decrease, respectively, from the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas as of March 31, 2023, which were 90.97 per Bbl of oil and 5.95 per Mcf of natural gas. We did not record an impairment on our oil and natural gas properties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 or three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The table below summarizes our revenue and expenses and production data for the periods indicated (unaudited). 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Results: Revenue Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues 71,069,593 69,237,603 235,528,275 183,635,976 Lease bonus and other income 3,162,656 2,543,240 4,261,432 5,021,766 Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments, net 9,553,190 (4,576,570) 2,802,568 6,215,265 Total revenues 83,785,439 67,204,273 242,592,275 194,873,007 Costs and expenses Production and ad valorem taxes 4,346,922 4,986,878 16,455,621 14,669,037 Depreciation and depletion expense 32,155,040 23,060,163 103,345,780 60,280,666 Impairment of oil and natural gas properties 5,963,575 Marketing and other deductions 3,607,040 3,508,500 11,997,630 9,177,998 General and administrative expense 9,472,117 10,358,674 29,172,121 26,562,100 Consolidated variable interest entities related: General and administrative expense 927,699 Total costs and expenses 49,581,119 41,914,215 166,934,727 111,617,500 Operating income 34,204,320 25,290,058 75,657,548 83,255,507 Other (expense) income Interest expense (6,492,127) (6,680,661) (20,740,037) (18,485,183) Loss on extinguishment of debt (480,244) Other expense (180,765) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account 3,508,691 Net income before income taxes 27,712,193 18,609,397 54,917,511 67,618,006 Income tax expense 1,906,746 128,359 4,588,596 2,440,399 Net income 25,805,447 18,481,038 50,328,915 65,177,607 Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units (5,296,282) (1,040,572) (15,795,573) (1,040,572) Net income and distributions and accretion on Series A preferred units attributable to non-controlling interests (3,119,340) (3,839,401) (5,522,549) (13,700,261) Distribution on Class B units (14,524) (20,854) (56,218) (67,939) Net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP 17,375,301 13,580,211 28,954,575 50,368,835 Production Data: Oil (Bbls) 660,789 622,831 2,157,197 1,622,432 Natural gas (Mcf) 6,793,748 5,589,952 20,921,140 16,384,109 Natural gas liquids (Bbls) 400,796 264,967 1,242,135 697,913 Combined volumes (Boe) (6:1) 2,193,876 1,819,457 6,886,189 5,051,030 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Revenues For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our oil, natural gas and NGL revenues were 71.1 million, an increase of 1.9 million from 69.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in oil, natural gas and NGL revenues was primarily related to an increase in production volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as discussed below. Our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas and NGL production volumes sold and average prices received for those volumes. The production volumes were 2,193,876 Boe or 23,846 Boe/d, for the three months ended September 30, 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 2024, an increase of 374,419 Boe or 4,069 Boe/d, from 1,819,457 Boe or 19,777 Boe/d, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in production for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to production associated with the LongPoint Acquisition. Our operators received an average of 78.09 per Bbl of oil, 1.60 per Mcf of natural gas and 21.49 per Bbl of NGL for the volumes sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 81.53 per Bbl of oil, 2.21 per Mcf of natural gas and 23.10 per Bbl of NGL for the volumes sold during the three months ended September 30, 2023. These average prices received during the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 4.2 or 3.44 per Bbl of oil and decreased 27.6 or 0.61 per Mcf of natural gas as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This change is consistent with prices experienced in the market, specifically when compared to the EIA average price decrease of 7.1 or 5.82 per Bbl of oil and a decrease of 18.5 or 0.48 per Mcf of natural gas for the comparable periods. Lease Bonus and Other Income Lease bonus and other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.2 million, an increase of 0.7 million from 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in lease bonus and other income is primarily due to a large lease bonus received during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments Gain on commodity derivative instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included 7.1 million of mark-to-market gains and 2.5 million of gains on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments compared to 4.1 million of mark-to-market losses and 0.5 million of losses on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded a mark-to-market gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of the maturity of derivative contracts with lower strike pricing. We recorded a mark-to-market loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of the increase in oil and natural gas strip pricing from the three months ended June 30, 2023. Production and Ad Valorem Taxes Production and ad valorem taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 4.3 million, a decrease of 0.7 million from 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in production and ad valorem taxes was primarily attributable to the decrease in prices received for oil and natural gas production, partially offset by an increase in production and ad valorem taxes associated with the LongPoint Acquisition. Depreciation and Depletion Expense Depreciation and depletion expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 32.2 million, an increase of 9.1 million from 23.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and depletion expense was due to the LongPoint Acquisition, which significantly increased our net capitalized oil and natural gas properties. Depletion is the amount of cost basis of oil and natural gas properties at the beginning of a period attributable to the volume of hydrocarbons extracted during such period, calculated on a units-of-production basis. Estimates of proved developed reserves are a major component in the calculation of depletion. Our average depletion rate per barrel was 14.61 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.99 per barrel from the 12.62 average depletion rate per barrel for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in the depletion rate was due to the LongPoint Acquisition, which significantly increased our net capitalized oil and natural gas properties. Marketing and Other Deductions Our marketing and other deductions include product marketing expense, which is a post-production expense. Marketing and other deductions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.6 million, an increase of 0.1 million from 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in marketing and other deductions 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 was primarily related to marketing and other deductions associated with the LongPoint Acquisition, partially offset by the decrease in prices received for oil and natural gas production. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 9.5 million, a decrease of 0.9 million compared to 10.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to expenses related to a one-time cash bonus paid to employees during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest Expense Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 remained relatively flat at 6.5 million compared to 6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Income Tax Expense We recorded an income tax expense of 1.9 million and 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Revenues For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our oil, natural gas and NGL revenues were 235.5 million, an increase of 51.9 million from 183.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in oil, natural gas and NGL revenues was primarily related to an increase in production volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as discussed below. Our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas and NGL production volumes sold and average prices received for those volumes. The production volumes were 6,886,189 Boe or 25,132 Boe/d, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1,835,159 Boe or 6,609 Boe/d, from 5,051,030 Boe or 18,523 Boe/d, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in production for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to production associated with the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition. Our operators received an average of 77.24 per Bbl of oil, 1.89 per Mcf of natural gas and 23.68 per Bbl of NGL for the volumes sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 76.17 per Bbl of oil, 2.66 per Mcf of natural gas and 23.67 per Bbl of NGL for the volumes sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These average prices received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 1.4 or 1.07 per Bbl of oil and decreased 28.9 or 0.77 per Mcf of natural gas as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change is consistent with prices experienced in the market, specifically when compared to the EIA average price increase of 1.7 or 1.31 per Bbl of oil and decrease of 14.2 or 0.35 per Mcf of natural gas for the comparable periods. Lease Bonus and Other Income Lease bonus and other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.3 million, a decrease of 0.7 million from 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in lease bonus and other income was primarily related to legal settlements received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Gain on commodity derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 5.5 million of mark-to-market losses and 8.3 million of gains on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments compared to 11.0 million of mark-to-market gains and 4.8 million of losses on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded a mark-to-market loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of the increase in oil and natural gas strip pricing from the year ended December 31, 2023, offset by 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 realized gains on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments. We recorded a mark-to-market gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of the maturity of derivative contracts with lower strike pricing, partially offset by realized losses on the settlement of commodity derivative instruments. Production and Ad Valorem Taxes Production and ad valorem taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 16.5 million, an increase of 1.8 million from 14.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in production and ad valorem taxes was primarily attributable to production associated with the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition, partially offset by the decrease in prices received for oil and natural gas production. Depreciation and Depletion Expense Depreciation and depletion expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 103.3 million, an increase of 43.0 million from 60.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and depletion expense was due to the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition, which significantly increased our net capitalized oil and natural gas properties. Depletion is the amount of cost basis of oil and natural gas properties at the beginning of a period attributable to the volume of hydrocarbons extracted during such period, calculated on a units-of-production basis. Estimates of proved developed reserves are a major component in the calculation of depletion. Our average depletion rate per barrel was 14.97 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 3.09 per barrel from the 11.88 average depletion rate per barrel for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in the depletion rate was due to the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition, which significantly increased our net capitalized oil and natural gas properties. Impairment We recorded an impairment on our oil and natural gas properties of 6.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of our full cost ceiling analysis. The impairment was primarily attributed to the decline in the 12-month average price of oil and natural gas for the three months ended March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2024, the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas were 77.48 per Bbl of oil and 2.45 per Mcf of natural gas. These prices represent a 14.8 and 58.8 decrease, respectively, from the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas as of March 31, 2023, which were 90.97 per Bbl of oil and 5.95 per Mcf of natural gas. We did not record an impairment on our oil and natural gas properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Marketing and Other Deductions Our marketing and other deductions include product marketing expense, which is a post-production expense. Marketing and other deductions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 12.0 million, an increase of 2.8 million from 9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in marketing and other deductions was primarily related to marketing and other deductions associated with the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 29.2 million, an increase of 2.6 million compared to 26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Included within general and administrative expenses are non-cash expenses for unit-based compensation as a result of the amortization of restricted units that have been issued by us over various periods. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a 2.8 million increase in unit-based compensation expense. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.7 million compared to 18.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in the overall long-term debt balance as a result of borrowings associated with the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition. Income Tax Expense We recorded an income tax expense of 4.6 million and 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and equity and debt financings, and our primary uses of cash are for distributions to our unitholders and for growth capital expenditures, including the acquisition of mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties. On June 13, 2023, we entered into the A R Credit Agreement (as defined below). On July 24, 2023, we entered into the First Amendment (as defined below) to the A R Credit Agreement that, among other things, (i) decrease the frequency of and increase the threshold for excess cash determinations from 30.0 million to 50.0 million, and (ii) permit us to issue certain preferred equity interests. On December 8, 2023, we entered into the Second Amendment (as defined below) to the A R Credit Agreement that, among other things, increase each of the borrowing base and aggregate elected commitments from 400.0 million to 550.0 million. See Indebtedness below for further discussion of our secured revolving credit facility. Cash Distribution Policy The limited liability company agreement of the Operating Company requires it to distribute all of its cash on hand at the end of each quarter in an amount equal to its available cash for such quarter. In turn, our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of our cash on hand at the end of each quarter in an amount equal to our available cash for such quarter. Available cash for each quarter will be determined by the Board of Directors following the end of such quarter. Available cash, as used in this context, is defined in our partnership agreement and in the limited liability company agreement of the Operating Company. We expect that the Operating Company s available cash for each quarter will generally equal its Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, less cash needed for debt service and other contractual obligations and fixed charges and reserves for future operating or capital needs that the Board of Directors may determine is appropriate, and we expect that our available cash for each quarter will generally equal our Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter (and will be our proportional share of the available cash distributed by the Operating Company for that quarter), less cash needs for debt service and other contractual obligations, tax obligations, fixed charges and reserves for future operating or capital needs that the Board of Directors may determine is appropriate. The Board of Directors approved the allocation of 25 of our cash available for distribution on common units for the third quarter of 2024 for the repayment of 13.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility during its determination of available cash for the third quarter of 2024. With respect to future quarters, the Board of Directors intends to continue to allocate a portion of our cash available for distribution on common units to the repayment of outstanding borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility and may allocate such cash in other manners in which the Board of Directors determines to be appropriate at the time. The Board of Directors may further change its policy with respect to cash distributions in the future. We do not currently maintain a material reserve of cash for the purpose of maintaining stability or growth in our quarterly distribution, nor do we intend to incur debt to pay quarterly distributions, although the Board of Directors may change this policy. It is our intent, subject to market conditions, to finance acquisitions of mineral and royalty interests that increase our asset base largely through external sources, such as borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility and the issuance of equity and debt securities. For example, we issued 5,369,218 OpCo common units and an equal number of 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Class B units representing limited partnership interests in the Partnership Class B units and 557,302 common units as partial consideration in connection with the MB Minerals Acquisition and we completed the LongPoint Acquisition partially with net proceeds from the private placement of Series A preferred units. The Board of Directors may choose to reserve a portion of cash generated from operations to finance such acquisitions as well. We do not currently intend to (i) maintain excess distribution coverage for the purpose of maintaining stability or growth in our quarterly distribution, (ii) otherwise reserve cash for distributions or (iii) incur debt to pay quarterly distributions, although the Board of Directors may do so if they believe it is warranted. See Recent Developments Quarterly Distributions above for discussion of our third quarter 2024 distributions. Cash Flows The table below presents our cash flows for the periods indicated. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flow Data: Net cash provided by operating activities 194,344,819 114,958,713 Net cash used in investing activities (175,808) (246,113,134) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (190,455,505) 145,656,712 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 3,713,506 14,502,291 Operating Activities Our operating cash flow is impacted by many variables, the most significant of which are changes in oil, natural gas and NGL production volumes due to acquisitions or other external factors and changes in prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. Regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. These factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 194.3 million, an increase of 79.3 million compared to 115.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.2 million compared to 246.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows used in investing activities included the purchase of equipment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows used in investing activities included 490.1 million used to fund costs associated with the MB Minerals Acquisition and the LongPoint Acquisition and 0.1 million used to fund the purchase of equipment, partially offset by 243.2 million of cash received from investment held in trust related to Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation TGR and 0.9 million in cash received from the dissolution of TGR. Financing Activities Cash flows used in financing activities were 190.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 145.7 million of cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consists primarily of 143.1 million of distributions paid to holders of common units, OpCo common units, Series A preferred units and Class B units, 47.0 million used to repay borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility, 4.9 million of restricted units repurchased for tax withholding and 0.3 million paid in connection with the redemption of Class B units, partially offset by 5.0 million of additional borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility. Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consists of 314.0 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Series A preferred units, 201.1 million of additional borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility, 110.7 million in proceeds from the 2023 equity offering and 0.3 million in Class B contributions, partially offset by 243.2 million of distributions to common unitholders of TGR, 123.7 million used to repay borrowings under our secured revolving credit facility, 103.7 million of distributions paid to holders of common 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 units, OpCo common units and Class B units, 4.9 million of restricted units repurchased for tax withholding and a 4.9 million payment of loan origination costs . Indebtedness On June 13, 2023, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the A R Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated our existing Credit Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2017 (as amended on July 12, 2018, December 8, 2020, June 7, 2022 and December 15, 2022). The A R Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) a senior secured reserve-based revolving credit facility in an aggregate maximum principal amount of up to 750.0 million, with an initial borrowing base of 400.0 million and an initial aggregate elected commitments amount of up to 400.0 million, including a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit of up to 10.0 million and (ii) an extension of the maturity date of the A R Credit Agreement to June 7, 2027. On July 24, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1 (the First Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The First Amendment amends the A R Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) decrease the frequency of and increase the threshold for excess cash determinations from 30.0 million to 50.0 million and (ii) permit us to issue certain preferred equity interests. On December 8, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 2 the Second Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The Second Amendment amends the A R Credit Agreement to , among other things, increase each of the borrowing base and aggregate elected commitments from 400.0 million to 550.0 million. For additional information on our secured revolving credit facility, please read Note 9 Long-Term Debt to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. Tax Matters Even though we are organized as a limited partnership under state law, we are treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we are subject to United States federal income tax at regular corporate rates on our net taxable income. The non-controlling interest, which represents OpCo common unitholders , are not subject to federal income taxes. We estimate that a portion of our quarterly distributions will constitute a non-taxable reduction to the tax basis of unitholders common units. The reduced tax basis will increase unitholders capital gain (or decrease unitholders capital loss) when unitholders sell their common units. We currently believe that the portion that constitutes dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be considered qualified dividends, subject to holding period and certain other conditions, which are subject to a tax rate of 0 , 15 or 20 depending on the income level and tax filing status of a unitholder for 2024. Our estimates regarding treatment of our distributions are based on currently available information only and are subject to change, including with respect to prior quarters. Distributions in excess of the amount taxable as dividend income will reduce a common unitholder s tax basis in its common units or produce capital gain to the extent they exceed a common unitholder s tax basis. Any reduced tax basis will increase a common unitholder s capital gain when it sells its common units. Our estimates are the result of certain non-cash expenses (principally depletion) substantially offsetting our taxable income and tax earnings and profits. Our estimates of the tax treatment of earnings and distributions are based upon assumptions regarding the capital structure and earnings of the Operating Company, our capital structure and the amount of the earnings of the Operating Company allocated to us. Many factors may impact these estimates, including changes in drilling and production activity, commodity prices, future acquisitions or changes in the business, economic, regulatory, legislative, competitive or political environment in which we operate. These estimates are based on current tax law and tax reporting positions that we have adopted and with which the Internal Revenue Service could disagree. These estimates are not fact and should not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results, and no assurances can be made regarding these estimates. You are encouraged to consult with your tax advisor on this matter. New and Revised Financial Accounting Standards The effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Related Estimates There have been no substantial changes to our critical accounting policies and related estimates from those previously disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements There have been no significant changes to our contractual obligations previously disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. See Note 8 Leases to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our operating leases. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity Price Risk Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing applicable to the oil, natural gas and NGL production of our operators. Realized pricing is primarily driven by the prevailing worldwide price for crude oil and spot market prices applicable to our natural gas production. Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGL production has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect commodity prices to be even more volatile in the future as a result of ongoing international supply and demand imbalances and limited international storage capacity. The prices that our operators receive for production depend on many factors outside of our or their control. To reduce the impact of fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices on our revenues, we entered into commodity derivative contracts to reduce our exposure to price volatility of oil and natural gas. The counterparties to the contracts are unrelated third parties. Our commodity derivative contracts consist of fixed price swaps, under which we receive a fixed price for the contract and pay a floating market price to the counterparty over a specified period for a contracted volume. Our oil fixed price swap transactions are settled based upon the average daily prices for the calendar month of the contract period, and our natural gas fixed price swap transactions are settled based upon the last day settlement of the first nearby month futures contract of the contract period. Settlement for oil derivative contracts occurs in the succeeding month and natural gas derivative contracts are settled in the production month. Because we have not designated any of our derivative contracts as hedges for accounting purposes, changes in fair values of our derivative contracts will be recognized as gains and losses in current period earnings. As a result, our current period earnings may be significantly affected by changes in the fair value of our commodity derivative contracts. Changes in fair value are principally measured based on future prices as of period-end compared to the contract price. See Note 5 Derivatives to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for additional information regarding our commodity derivatives. Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk Our derivative contracts expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. While we do not require our counterparties to our derivative contracts to post collateral, we do evaluate the credit standing of such counterparties as we deem appropriate. This evaluation includes reviewing a counterparty s credit rating and latest financial information. As of September 30, 2024, we had six counterparties to our derivative contracts, which are also lenders under our secured revolving credit facility. As an owner of mineral and royalty interests, we have no control over the volumes or method of sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs produced and sold from the underlying properties. It is believed that the loss of any single purchaser would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Interest Rate Risk We will have exposure to changes in interest rates on our indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024, we had total borrowings outstanding under our secured revolving credit facility of 252.2 million. The impact of a 1 increase in the 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 interest rate on this amount of debt could result in an increase in interest expense of approximately 2.5 million annually, assuming that our indebtedness remained constant throughout the year. Inflation Inflation in the United States did not have a material impact on results of operations for the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. However, inflation in wages and other costs has the potential to adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position by increasing our overall cost structure. In addition, the existence of inflation in the economy has the potential to result in higher interest rates, which could result in higher borrowing costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor and other similar effects. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the management of our General Partner, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our General Partner s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Partnership s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We failed to maintain an effective control environment because we lacked sufficient oversight of the application of accounting guidance related to the changes in ownership of OpCo. While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our previously filed financial statements, there is a reasonable possibility that this control deficiency could have resulted in a material misstatement in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. Remediation Plan for Material Weakness Management is in the process of remediating the internal control weakness related to our accounting for changes in ownership of OpCo. Management has corrected the error and will implement a new control to ensure that changes in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that is less than wholly owned are accounted for by adjusting the carrying value of non-controlling interests to reflect the change in ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between fair value of consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted will be recognized in equity attributable to the parent in accordance with ASC 810-10. While we have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Partnership will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and refine its remediation plan as appropriate. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting As described above, we are taking steps to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Other than in connection with the remediation process described above, there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings For a description of the Partnership s legal proceedings, see Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Quarterly Report and incorporated by reference herein. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Item 1A and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, included in Part I, Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, you should carefully consider the risks set out under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. These risk factors could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The volatility in the worldwide economy and oil and gas industry may make it more difficult to identify all the risks to our business, results of operations and financial condition and the ultimate impact of identified risks. Further, these risks are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations. As more fully disclosed in Item 4, Controls and Procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in our internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Partnership s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We failed to maintain an effective control environment because we lacked sufficient oversight of the application of accounting guidance related to the changes in ownership of OpCo. While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our previously filed financial statements, there is a reasonable possibility that this control deficiency could have resulted in a material misstatement in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. Management is in the process of remediating the internal control weakness related to our accounting for changes in ownership of OpCo. Management has corrected the error and will implement a new control to ensure that changes in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that is less than wholly owned are accounted for by adjusting the carrying value of non-controlling interests to reflect the change in ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between fair value of consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted will be recognized in equity attributable to the parent in accordance with ASC 810-10. While we have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Partnership will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and refine its remediation plan as appropriate. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 However, we can give no assurance that the measures we take will remediate the material weakness or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations, which in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require significant resources to correct the material weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence and cause a decline in the market price of our stock. Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results. Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or interruption of information technology systems, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Plans During the period covered by this report, none of the Partnership s directors or executive officers have or a trading arrangement or a trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act). Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-215458) filed on January 6, 2017) 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, dated as of September 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2023) 3.3 Certificate of Formation of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-215458) filed on January 6, 2017) 3.4 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC, dated as of September 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2023) 10.1+ First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on 10-Q filed on May 2, 2024) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 filed herewith furnished herewith + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP By: Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC its general partner Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Name: Robert D. Ravnaas Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ R. Davis Ravnaas Name: R. Davis Ravnaas Title: President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 krp-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert D. Ravnaas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 krp-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, R. Davis Ravnaas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ R. Davis Ravnaas President and Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 krp-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert D. Ravnaas, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 krp-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, R. Davis Ravnaas, President and Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ R. Davis Ravnaas President and Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 krp-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 krp-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 krp-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 krp-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

