<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1621434_0001628280-24-045189.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6450664</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101881</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1147609</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2245742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1629101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1203469</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045189.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105133209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045189
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Stone Minerals, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001621434
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				471846692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37362
		FILM NUMBER:		241426757

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 FANNIN STREET, SUITE 2020
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713)658-0647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 FANNIN STREET, SUITE 2020
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045189.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 bsm-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bsm-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were common units and Series B cumulative convertible preferred units of the registrant outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 35 
 Signatures 
 36 

ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Commodity derivative assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Oil and natural gas properties, at cost, using the successful efforts method of accounting, includes unproved properties of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization, and impairment ) ) Oil and natural gas properties, net Other property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT DEFERRED CHARGES AND OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY, AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Commodity derivative liabilities Other current liabilities TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES LONG TERM LIABILITIES Accrued incentive compensation Commodity derivative liabilities Asset retirement obligations Other long-term liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 7) units outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 EQUITY Partners' equity general partner interest Partners' equity common units, and units outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY, AND EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per unit amounts) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE Oil and condensate sales Natural gas and natural gas liquids sales Lease bonus and other income Revenue from contracts with customers Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments ) TOTAL REVENUE OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSE Lease operating expense Production costs and ad valorem taxes Exploration expense Depreciation, depletion, and amortization General and administrative Accretion of asset retirement obligations (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net ) ) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSE INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest and investment income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) ) ) ) TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) ) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) ) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GENERAL PARTNER AND COMMON UNITS ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME (LOSS): General partner interest Common units NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO LIMITED PARTNERS PER COMMON UNIT: Per common unit (basic) Per common unit (diluted) WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON UNITS OUTSTANDING: Weighted average common units outstanding (basic) Weighted average common units outstanding (diluted) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

 Common units Partners' equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 Repurchases of common units ) ) Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2024 Repurchases of common units ) ) Issuance of common units for property acquisitions Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures ) Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

 Common units Partners' equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 Repurchases of common units ) ) Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 Restricted units granted, net of forfeitures Equity based compensation Distributions ) Charges to partners' equity for accrued distribution equivalent rights ) Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) Net income (loss) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Accretion of asset retirement obligations Amortization of deferred charges (Gain) loss on commodity derivative instruments ) ) Net cash (paid) received on settlement of commodity derivative instruments Equity-based compensation (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other ) ) Settlement of asset retirement obligations ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties ) ) Additions to oil and natural gas properties ) ) Additions to oil and natural gas properties leasehold costs ) ) Purchases of other property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of oil and natural gas properties NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Distributions to common unitholders ) ) Distributions to Series B cumulative convertible preferred unitholders ) ) Repurchases of common units ) ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayments under credit facility ) ) Debt issuance costs and other ) ) NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS beginning of the period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS end of the period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE Interest paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 
 states in the continental United States ("U.S."), including all of the major onshore producing basins. The Partnership also owns non-operated working interests in certain oil and natural gas properties. The Partnership's common units trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BSM." 
 ownership interest and does not have control or exercise significant influence are accounted for using fair value or cost minus impairment if fair value is not readily determinable. Investments in which the Partnership exercises control are consolidated, and the noncontrolling interests of such investments, which are not attributable directly or indirectly to the Partnership, are presented as a separate component of net income (loss) and equity in the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include undivided interests in oil and natural gas property rights. The Partnership accounts for its share of oil and natural gas property rights by reporting its proportionate share of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs, and cash flows within the relevant lines on the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, and statements of cash flows. 
 6 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2 - 
 Other Total accounts receivable 
 7 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 - 
 million, including capitalized direct transaction costs, and were considered asset acquisitions. The consideration paid consisted of million in cash that was funded from operating activities and million in equity that was funded through the issuance of common units of the Partnership based on the fair values of the common units issued on the acquisition dates. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Partnership acquired mineral and royalty interests that consisted of unproved oil and natural gas properties in the Gulf Coast land region from various sellers for cash consideration of million, including capitalized direct transaction costs, and were considered asset acquisitions. The consideration paid was funded with cash from operating activities. 
 Asset Exchange 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Partnership closed on a transaction with a third-party operator whereby the Partnership received an oil and natural gas lease on approximately net leasehold acres in East Texas in exchange for the assignment of approximately undeveloped net mineral and royalty acres in Mississippi. The acreage surrendered in Mississippi constituted a partial disposition of unproved property and no gain or loss was recognized on the transaction. 
 Shelby Trough Development Agreements 
 In 2020 and 2021, BSM entered into Joint Exploration Agreements ("JEAs") with Aethon Energy ("Aethon") to develop certain portions of the Partnership's undeveloped acreage in San Augustine County and Angelina County in East Texas. The agreements provide for minimum annual well commitments by Aethon in exchange for reduced royalty rates and exclusive access to BSM's mineral and leasehold acreage in the contract areas. If Aethon drills more than the minimum commitment wells in a given program year, Aethon may reduce its minimum well commitment in future program years by the number of excess wells, which we refer to as "banked" wells. Aethon's ability to apply banked wells to reduce its drilling commitments is capped at or wells each year, depending on the JEA. The Partnership's development agreement and related drilling commitments covering its San Augustine County acreage are independent of the development agreement and associated commitments covering Angelina County. 
 Under the JEAs, Aethon may elect to temporarily suspend its drilling obligations for up to nine consecutive months and a maximum of total months in any period when natural gas prices fall below certain thresholds. In December 2023, the Partnership received notice that Aethon was exercising the time-out provisions under the JEAs in San Augustine and Angelina counties. 
 8 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

acres from the parties' area of mutual interest defined in the original JEAs. Upon the satisfaction of the current program year performance deadlines as described in the letter agreements, Aethon will have an inventory of ten banked wells in Angelina and one banked well in San Augustine. 
 San Augustine County JEA 
 The original San Augustine JEA called for a minimum of wells to be drilled in the initial program year, which began in September 2021, wells to be drilled in the second and third program years, and, thereafter, a minimum of wells per year beginning with the fourth program year. As amended, the San Augustine JEA now provides for a minimum of wells to be drilled in the current (third) program year ending in May 2025, with a minimum of wells to be drilled in the fourth program year scheduled to commence in June 2025 and each program year thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, Aethon had drilled wells in the third program year under the San Augustine JEA. 
 Angelina County JEA 
 The original Angelina JEA called for a minimum of wells to be drilled in the initial program year, which began in October 2020, wells to be drilled in the second program year, and, thereafter, a minimum of wells per year beginning with the third program year. As amended, the Angelina JEA now provides for a minimum wells to be drilled in the current (fourth) program year ending in June 2025 and, each program year thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, Aethon had drilled wells in the fourth program year under the Angelina JEA, two of which have been temporarily abandoned and scheduled for plugging as a result of mechanical issues. 
 Farmout Agreements 
 The Partnership has entered into farmout arrangements designed to reduce its working interest capital expenditures and thereby significantly lowering its capital spending other than for mineral and royalty interest acquisitions. Under these agreements, the Partnership conveyed its rights to participate in certain non-operated working interest opportunities to external capital providers while retaining value from these interests in the form of additional royalty income or retained economic interests. BSM's current farmout arrangements cover the Partnership's share of working interests under active development by Aethon in San Augustine County and Angelina County in East Texas. 
 San Augustine County Farmout 
 In May 2021, the Partnership entered into a farmout agreement (the "Canaan Farmout") with Canaan and in December 2021, the Partnership entered into a farmout agreement (the "Azul Farmout") with Azul-SA, LLC ("Azul"). In April 2022, the Partnership amended the Canaan Farmout and entered into a farmout agreement (the "JWM Farmout") with JWM Oil Gas LLC ("JWM"). These agreements continue for a -year period, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreements. The JWM Farmout terminated in September 2024, and the Partnership expects to enter into a new farmout arrangement with respect to the interests covered by the JWM Farmout in the fourth quarter of 2024. The Partnership s farmout counterparties were obligated to fund the development of wells drilled by Aethon in the initial program year, and thereafter, have certain rights and options to continue funding the Partnership's working interest for the duration of each farmout agreement. The farmout counterparties each earn a percentage of the Partnership's working interest in wells drilled and operated by Aethon within the contract area subject to the agreements. The Partnership will receive an overriding royalty interest ("ORRI") before payout and an increased ORRI after payout on all wells drilled under the farmout agreements. 
 9 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Azul Former JWM Interest Total 
 Other Areas 
 Farmout Partner of Partnership's Working Interest Maximum on an 8/8ths basis Canaan Azul Former JWM Interest Total 
 Angelina County Farmout 
 In November 2020, the Partnership entered into a farmout agreement (the "Pivotal Farmout") with Pivotal. The Pivotal Farmout continues until April 2028, unless earlier terminated in accordance to the terms of the agreement. Pivotal will earn of the Partnership's working interest (ranging from approximately to on an 8/8ths basis) in wells drilled and operated by Aethon within the contract area subject to the agreement. Pivotal is obligated to fund the development of all wells drilled by Aethon in the initial program year and thereafter, Pivotal has certain rights and options to continue funding the Partnership's working interests for the duration of the Pivotal Farmout. Once Pivotal achieves a specified payout for a designated well group, the Partnership will obtain a majority of the original working interest in such well group. 
 Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties 
 Proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a possible decline in the recoverability of the carrying value of those properties. When assessing producing properties for impairment, the Partnership compares the expected undiscounted projected future cash flows of the producing properties to the carrying amount of the producing properties to determine recoverability. When the carrying amount exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying amount is written down to its fair value, which is measured as the present value of the projected future cash flows of such properties. 
 recognize any impairment of oil and natural gas properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. See "Note 5 - Fair Value Measurements" for additional information. 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 10 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

counterparties, all of which are rated Baa2 or better by Moody s and are lenders under the Credit Facility. 
 ) Long-term asset 
 Deferred charges and other long-term assets ) Total assets 
 ) Liabilities: 
 Current liability 
 Commodity derivative liabilities ) Long-term liability 
 Commodity derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities 
 ) 
 December 31, 2023 Classification Balance Sheet Location Gross Fair Value Effect of Counterparty Netting Net Carrying Value on Balance Sheet (in thousands) Assets: 
 Current asset 
 Commodity derivative assets ) Long-term asset 
 Deferred charges and other long-term assets ) Total assets 
 ) Liabilities: 
 Current liability 
 Commodity derivative liabilities ) Long-term liability 
 Commodity derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities 
 ) 
 11 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Gain (loss) on oil derivative instruments ) ) Gain (loss) on natural gas derivative instruments Net cash paid (received) on settlements of oil derivative instruments ) ) Net cash paid (received) on settlements of natural gas derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Net change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments ) ) ) Ending fair value of commodity derivative instruments ) ) 
 Fourth Quarter 2025 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2026 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 
 
 12 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2026 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 
 The Partnership entered into the following derivative contracts for oil subsequent to September 30, 2024: 
 Weighted Average Price (Per Bbl) Range (Per Bbl) Period and Type of Contract Volume (Bbl) Low High Oil Swap Contracts: 2026 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 
 
 NOTE 5 - 
 13 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Financial Liabilities Commodity derivative instruments ) As of December 31, 2023 Financial Assets Commodity derivative instruments ) Financial Liabilities Commodity derivative instruments ) 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 Nonfinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis include certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities as may be acquired in a business combination and measurements of oil and natural gas property values for assessment of impairment. 
 The determination of the fair values of proved and unproved properties acquired in business combinations are estimated by discounting projected future cash flows. The factors used to determine fair value include estimates of economic reserves, future operating and development costs, future commodity prices, timing of future production, and a risk-adjusted discount rate. The Partnership has designated these measurements as Level 3. The Partnership had business combinations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. See "Note 3 - Oil and Natural Gas Properties". 
 Oil and natural gas properties are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using the income approach when assessing for impairment. Proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a possible decline in the recoverability of the carrying value of those properties. The factors used to determine fair value include estimates of proved reserves, future commodity prices, timing of future production, operating costs, future capital expenditures, and a risk-adjusted discount rate. 
 14 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 - 
 billion and terminates on October 31, 2027. The commitment of the lenders equals the least of the aggregate maximum credit amount, the then-effective borrowing base, and the aggregate elected commitment, as it may be adjusted from time to time. The amount of the borrowing base is redetermined semi-annually, usually in October and April, and is derived from the value of the Partnership s oil and natural gas properties as determined by the lender syndicate using pricing assumptions that often differ from the current market for future prices. The Partnership and the lenders (at the direction of two-thirds of the lenders) each have discretion to request a borrowing base redetermination one time between scheduled redeterminations. The Partnership also has the right to request a redetermination following the acquisition of oil and natural gas properties in excess of of the value of the borrowing base immediately prior to such acquisition. The borrowing base is also adjusted if we terminate our hedge positions or sell oil and natural gas property interests that have a combined value exceeding of the current borrowing base. In these circumstances, the borrowing base will be adjusted by the value attributed to the terminated hedge positions or the oil and natural gas property interests sold in the most recent borrowing base. The April 2023 borrowing base redetermination reaffirmed the borrowing base at million. The subsequent redeterminations increased the borrowing base to million in October 2023 and reaffirmed the borrowing base in April 2024 and November 2024. After each redetermination we elected to maintain cash commitments at million. The next semi-annual redetermination is scheduled for April 2025. 
 The Partnership s borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate determined by the type of loan the Partnership has elected to take: a secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") loan or a base-rate loan. Both types of loans bear interest at a reference rate plus a margin that varies with the amount of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. The reference rate for SOFR loans is equal to SOFR as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, adjusted for the borrowing term, plus , which is referred to as Adjusted Term SOFR. The reference rate for base rate loans is the highest of (a) Wells Fargo s prime commercial lending rate for that day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on that day plus , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor, plus . As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the applicable margin for the base rate loans ranged from to , and the margin for SOFR loans ranged from to . 
 The Partnership is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from a to annualized rate on the unused portion of the borrowing base, depending on the amount of the borrowings outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. Principal may be optionally repaid from time to time without premium or penalty, other than customary SOFR breakage, and is required to be paid (a) if the amount outstanding exceeds the borrowing base, whether due to a borrowing base redetermination or otherwise, in some cases subject to a cure period, or (b) at the maturity date. 
 The weighted-average interest rate of the Credit Facility was during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Accrued interest is payable at the end of each calendar quarter or at the end of each interest period, unless the interest period is longer than days, in which case interest is payable at the end of every period. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the Partnership s oil and natural gas production and assets. 
 The Credit Facility contains various limitations on future borrowings, leases, hedging, and sales of assets. Additionally, the Credit Facility requires the Partnership to maintain a current ratio of not less than :1.0 and a ratio of total debt to EBITDAX (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization, and Exploration) of not more than :1.0. Distributions are not permitted if there is a default under the Credit Facility (including the failure to satisfy one of the financial covenants), if the availability under the Credit Facility is less than of the lenders' commitments, or if total debt to EBITDAX is greater than . As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership was in compliance with all financial covenants in the Credit Facility. 
 aggregate principal balance outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The unused portion of the available borrowings under the Credit Facility was million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 15 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 - 

NOTE 8 - 
 Equity-based compensation restricted common units Equity-based compensation restricted performance units Board of Directors incentive plan Total incentive compensation expense 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership repurchased common units at a weighted average price of per unit for the purpose of satisfying tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of certain long-term incentive equity awards held by our executive officers and certain other employees. Specifically, when an employee's equity award vests, the Partnership withholds a portion of the units to cover the employee's tax liability. 
 
 NOTE 9 - 
 Series B cumulative convertible preferred units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership for a cash purchase price of per Series B cumulative convertible preferred unit, resulting in total proceeds of approximately million. 
 The Series B cumulative convertible preferred units were initially entitled to quarterly distributions in an amount equal to of the face amount of the preferred units per annum (the "Distribution Rate"). On November 28, 2023, the Distribution Rate was adjusted to and will be readjusted every thereafter (each, a "Readjustment Date"). The rate set on each Readjustment Date is equal to the greater of (i) the distribution rate in effect immediately prior to the relevant Readjustment Date and (ii) the 10-year Treasury Rate as of such Readjustment Date plus per annum; provided, however, that for any quarter in which quarterly distributions are accrued but unpaid, the then-distribution rate shall be increased by per annum for such quarter. The Partnership cannot pay any distributions on any junior securities, including common units, prior to paying the quarterly distribution payable to the preferred units, including any previously accrued and unpaid distributions. 
 The Series B cumulative convertible preferred units may be converted by each holder at its option, in whole or in part, into common units on a -for-one basis at the purchase price of , adjusted to give effect to any accrued but unpaid 
 16 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million based on the closing trading price of common units on the trading day immediately preceding the conversion notice date, or such lesser amount to the extent such exercise covers all of a holder's Series B cumulative convertible preferred units. 
 The Partnership has the option to redeem all or a portion (equal to or greater than million) of the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units for a day period beginning on each Readjustment Date at a redemption price of per Series B cumulative convertible preferred unit, which is equal to par value. 
 The Series B cumulative convertible preferred units had a carrying value of million, including accrued distributions of million, as of September 30, 2024 and a carrying value of million, including accrued distributions of million, as of December 31, 2023. The Series B cumulative convertible preferred units are classified as mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets since certain provisions of redemption are outside the control of the Partnership. 
 
 NOTE 10 - 
 The Partnership assesses the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units on an as-converted basis for the purpose of calculating diluted EPU. The Partnership s restricted performance unit awards are contingently issuable units that are considered in the calculation of diluted EPU. The Partnership assesses the number of units that would be issuable, if any, under the terms of the arrangement if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period. 
 17 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Distributions on Series B cumulative convertible preferred units ) ) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GENERAL PARTNER AND COMMON UNITS ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME (LOSS): General partner interest Common units NUMERATOR: Numerator for basic EPU - Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders Effect of dilutive securities Numerator for diluted EPU - Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders after the effect of dilutive securities DENOMINATOR: Denominator for basic EPU - weighted average common units outstanding (basic) Effect of dilutive securities 
 Denominator for diluted EPU - weighted average number of common units outstanding after the effect of dilutive securities NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO LIMITED PARTNERS PER COMMON UNIT: Per common unit (basic) Per common unit (diluted) 

NOTE 11 - 

18 

BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than the limited partners in Black Stone Minerals Company, L.P. prior to the IPO, their transferees, persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the board of directors of the Partnership's general partner (the "Board"), holders of Series B cumulative convertible preferred units in connection with any vote, consent or approval of the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units as a separate class, and persons who own or more of any class as a result of any redemption or purchase of any other person's units or similar action by the Partnership or any conversion of the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units at the Partnership's option or in connection with a change of control, may not vote on any matter. 
 
 The partnership agreement generally provides that beginning on November 28, 2023 any distributions are paid each quarter in the following manner: 
 first , to the holders of the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units in an amount equal to of the face amount of the preferred units per annum, subject to readjustment on each Readjustment Date; and 
 second , to the holders of common units. 

Common Unit Repurchase Program 
 On October 30, 2023, the Board authorized a million unit repurchase program, terminating its existing million program authorized in 2018. The unit repurchase program authorizes the Partnership to make repurchases on a discretionary basis as determined by management, subject to market condition, applicable legal requirements, available liquidity, and other appropriate factors. The Partnership made repurchases under this program for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The program is funded from the Partnership s cash on hand or through borrowings under the credit facility. Any repurchased units are canceled. 

NOTE 12 - 
 per common unit. Distributions will be payable on November 15, 2024 to unitholders of record at the close of business on November 8, 2024. 
 Acquisitions 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Partnership acquired mineral and royalty interests from various sellers for cash consideration of million. These acquisitions were funded with cash from operating activities. 
 19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K"). This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements and information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, foresee, should, would, could, or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 
 our ability to execute our business strategies; 
 
 the volatility of realized oil and natural gas prices; 
 
 the level of production on our properties; 
 
 the overall supply and demand for oil and natural gas, regional supply and demand factors, delays, or interruptions of production; 
 
 our ability to replace our oil and natural gas reserves; 
 
 general economic, business, or industry conditions, including slowdowns, domestically and internationally and volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets; 
 
 competition in the oil and natural gas industry; 
 
 the level of drilling activity by our operators particularly in areas such as the Shelby Trough where we have concentrated acreage positions; 
 
 the ability of our operators to obtain capital or financing needed for development and exploration operations; 
 
 title defects in the properties in which we invest; 
 
 the availability or cost of rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services, or personnel; 
 
 restrictions on the use of water for hydraulic fracturing; 
 
 the availability of pipeline capacity and transportation facilities; 
 
 the ability of our operators to comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations and to obtain permits and governmental approvals; 
 
 federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing; 
 
 future operating results; 
 20 

future cash flows and liquidity, including our ability to generate sufficient cash to pay quarterly distributions; 
 
 exploration and development drilling prospects, inventories, projects, and programs; 
 
 operating hazards faced by our operators; 
 
 the ability of our operators to keep pace with technological advancements; 
 
 conservation measures and general concern about the environmental impact of the production and use of fossil fuels; 
 
 cybersecurity incidents, including data security breaches or computer viruses; and 
 
 certain factors discussed elsewhere in this filing. 
 For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please see Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 Overview 
 We are one of the largest owners and managers of oil and natural gas mineral interests in the United States. Our principal business is maximizing the value of our existing portfolio of mineral and royalty assets through active management. We maximize value through marketing our mineral assets for lease and creatively structuring the terms on those leases to encourage and accelerate drilling activity. We believe our large, diversified asset base and long-lived, non-cost-bearing mineral and royalty interests provide for stable production and reserves over time, allowing the majority of generated cash flow to be distributed to unitholders. Alongside our primary focus on traditional revenue streams from our asset base, we will continue to explore the relevance of our assets in energy transition, including opportunities in renewable energy and carbon sequestration. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our mineral and royalty interests were located in 41 states in the continental United States, including all of the major onshore producing basins. These non-cost-bearing interests include ownership in approximately 68,000 producing wells. We also own non-operated working interests, a significant portion of which are on our positions where we also have a mineral and royalty interest. We recognize oil and natural gas revenue from our mineral and royalty and non-operated working interests in producing wells when control of the oil and natural gas produced is transferred to the customer and collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. Our other sources of revenue include mineral lease bonus and delay rentals, which are recognized as revenue according to the terms of the lease agreements. 
 Recent Developments 
 Shelby Trough Development Update 
 In September 2024, we entered into letter agreements with Aethon Energy ("Aethon") to amend the Joint Exploration Agreements ("JEAs") in San Augustine and Angelina counties. In those agreements, the parties agreed to revise the current program year drill schedules under each JEA, to extend the respective program years by nine months, and to withdraw the invocation of the time-out provisions. Aethon also released its rights under 25,000 acres from the parties' area of mutual interest defined in the original JEAs. Upon the satisfaction of the current program year performance deadlines as described in the letter agreements, Aethon will have an inventory of ten banked wells in Angelina and one banked well in San Augustine. 
 
 Business Environment 
 The information below is designed to give a broad overview of the oil and natural gas business environment as it affects us. 
 Commodity Prices and Demand 
 Oil and natural gas prices have been historically volatile based upon the dynamics of supply and demand. To manage the variability in cash flows associated with the projected sale of our oil and natural gas production, we use various derivative 
 21 

instruments, which have recently consisted of fixed-price swap contracts. 
 While oil inventories continued to decline in the third quarter of 2024, oil prices decreased during the period because of offsetting concerns that the market would continue to be oversupplied in 2025 without additional growth in demand. OPEC+ members' decision to delay production increases until December 2024 is expected to lead to further reductions in global inventories and is reflective of the lingering impact of rising global inventories experienced in 2023. Heightened geopolitical risk related to continued conflict in the Middle East has increased the possibility for future supply disruptions and price volatility. Natural gas prices decreased sharply in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024 as a result of a large surplus of storage inventory. Less natural gas-directed drilling and production curtailments led to increased natural gas prices in the second quarter of 2024 which continued to recover in the third quarter of 2024 due to hot summer temperatures and the related increase in U.S. electricity demand across all sectors. An increase in LNG exports with the addition of capacity further added to natural gas price increases in the third quarter of 2024. Given the dynamic nature of these events, along with the volatile geopolitical conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, we cannot reasonably estimate how long these market conditions will persist. While we use derivative instruments to partially mitigate the impact of commodity price volatility, our revenues and operating results depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. 
 The following table reflects commodity prices at the end of each quarter presented: 2024 2023 Benchmark Prices 1 
 Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter WTI spot oil price /Bbl) 68.75 82.83 83.96 90.77 70.66 75.68 Henry Hub spot natural gas /MMBtu) 2.65 2.42 1.54 2.68 2.48 2.10 
 1 Source: EIA 
 Rig Count 
 As we are not the operator of record on any producing properties, drilling on our acreage is dependent upon the exploration and production companies that lease our acreage. In addition to drilling plans that we seek from our operators, we also monitor rig counts in an effort to identify existing and future leasing and drilling activity on our acreage. 
 The following table shows the rig count at the end of each quarter presented: 2024 2023 U.S. Rotary Rig Count 1 
 Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Oil 484 479 506 502 545 592 Natural gas 99 97 112 116 124 160 Other 4 5 3 5 5 3 Total 587 581 621 623 674 755 
 1 Source: Baker Hughes Incorporated 
 Natural Gas Storage 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from sales of oil production attributable to our interests; however, the majority of our production is natural gas. Natural gas prices are significantly influenced by storage levels throughout the year. Accordingly, we monitor the natural gas storage reports regularly in the evaluation of our business and its outlook. 
 Historically, natural gas supply and demand fluctuates on a seasonal basis. From April to October, when the weather is warmer and natural gas demand is lower, natural gas storage levels generally increase. From November to March, storage levels typically decline as utility companies draw natural gas from storage to meet increased heating demand due to colder weather. In order to maintain sufficient storage levels for increased seasonal demand, a portion of natural gas production during the summer months must be used for storage injection. The portion of production used for storage varies from year to year depending on the demand from the previous winter and the demand for electricity used for cooling during the summer months. The U.S. Energy Information Administration ("EIA") estimates that natural gas inventories concluded the injection season in October 2024 at 3.9 Tcf, which is 4 higher than the five-year average. 
 22 

The following table shows natural gas storage volumes by region at the end of each quarter presented: 2024 2023 Region 1 
 Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter East 846 660 363 847 643 335 Midwest 1,013 779 510 991 705 421 Mountain 283 239 162 239 173 80 Pacific 293 282 227 278 216 73 South Central 1,113 1,174 996 1,090 1,141 921 Total 3,548 3,134 2,258 3,445 2,878 1,830 
 1 Source: EIA 
 
 Natural Gas Exports 
 
 Net natural gas exports averaged 11.5 Bcf per day during the third quarter of 2024, a 3 decrease from the 2023 average. The EIA forecasts average exports of 13.2 Bcf per day for the remainder of 2024 and 13.8 Bcf per day for 2025. The EIA forecast reflects assumptions that U.S. LNG exports will increase as LNG export projects come on line in late 2024 and mid-2025. 
 23 

How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 We use a variety of operational and financial measures to assess our performance. Among the measures considered by management are the following: 
 volumes of oil and natural gas produced; 
 commodity prices including the effect of derivative instruments; and 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow. 
 Volumes of Oil and Natural Gas Produced 
 In order to track and assess the performance of our assets, we monitor and analyze our production volumes from the various basins and plays that constitute our extensive asset base. We also regularly compare projected volumes to actual reported volumes and investigate unexpected variances. 
 Commodity Prices 
 Factors Affecting the Sales Price of Oil and Natural Gas 
 The prices we receive for oil, natural gas, and NGLs vary by geographical area. The relative prices of these products are determined by the factors affecting global and regional supply and demand dynamics, such as economic conditions, production levels, availability of transportation, weather cycles, and other factors. In addition, realized prices are influenced by product quality and proximity to consuming and refining markets. Any differences between realized prices and New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX") prices are referred to as differentials. All our production is derived from properties located in the United States. 
 Oil . The substantial majority of our oil production is sold at prevailing market prices, which fluctuate in response to many factors that are outside of our control. NYMEX light sweet crude oil, commonly referred to as West Texas Intermediate ("WTI"), is the prevailing domestic oil pricing index. The majority of our oil production is priced at the prevailing market price with the final realized price affected by both quality and location differentials. 
 The chemical composition of oil plays an important role in its refining and subsequent sale as petroleum products. As a result, variations in chemical composition relative to the benchmark oil, usually WTI, will result in price adjustments, which are often referred to as quality differentials. The characteristics that most significantly affect quality differentials include the density of the oil, as characterized by its American Petroleum Institute API gravity, and the presence and concentration of impurities, such as sulfur. 
 Location differentials generally result from transportation costs based on the produced oil s proximity to consuming and refining markets and major trading points. 
 Natural Gas. The NYMEX price quoted at Henry Hub is a widely used benchmark for the pricing of natural gas in the United States. The actual volumetric prices realized from the sale of natural gas differ from the quoted NYMEX price as a result of quality and location differentials. 
 Quality differentials result from the heating value of natural gas measured in Btus and the presence of impurities, such as hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, and nitrogen. Natural gas containing ethane and heavier hydrocarbons has a higher Btu value and will realize a higher volumetric price than natural gas which is predominantly methane, which has a lower Btu value. Natural gas with a higher concentration of impurities will realize a lower volumetric price due to the presence of the impurities in the natural gas when sold or the cost of treating the natural gas to meet pipeline quality specifications. 
 Natural gas, which currently has a limited global transportation system, is subject to price variances based on local supply and demand conditions and the cost to transport natural gas to end user markets. 
 24 

Hedging 
 We enter into derivative instruments to partially mitigate the impact of commodity price volatility on our cash generated from operations. From time to time, such instruments may include variable-to-fixed-price swaps, fixed-price contracts, costless collars, and other contractual arrangements. The impact of these derivative instruments could affect the amount of revenue we ultimately realize. 
 Our open derivative contracts consist of fixed-price swap contracts. Under fixed-price swap contracts, a counterparty is required to make a payment to us if the settlement price is less than the swap strike price. Conversely, we are required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price is greater than the swap strike price. If we have multiple contracts outstanding with a single counterparty, unless restricted by our agreement, we will net settle the contract payments. 
 We may employ contractual arrangements other than fixed-price swap contracts in the future to mitigate the impact of price fluctuations. If commodity prices decline in the future, our hedging contracts will partially mitigate the effect of lower prices on our future revenue. Our open oil and natural gas derivative contracts as of September 30, 2024 are detailed in Note 4 - Commodity Derivative Financial Instruments to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Credit Facility, we are allowed to hedge certain percentages of expected future monthly production volumes equal to the lesser of (i) internally forecasted production and (ii) the average of reported production for the most recent three months. 
 We are allowed, but not required, to hedge, using swaps and collars with a term of no more than four years, up to 90 of our expected future volumes for the first 24 months, 70 for months 25 through 36, and 50 for months 37 through 48. As of September 30, 2024, we had hedged 75 and 71 of our available oil and condensate hedge volumes for 2024 and 2025, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had also hedged 77 and 79 of our available natural gas hedge volumes for 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 We intend to continuously monitor the production from our assets and the commodity price environment, and will, from time to time, add additional hedges within the percentages described above related to such production. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by our management and external users of our financial statements such as investors, research analysts, and others, to assess the financial performance of our assets and our ability to sustain distributions over the long term without regard to financing methods, capital structure, or historical cost basis. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation, depletion, and amortization adjusted for impairment of oil and natural gas properties, if any, accretion of asset retirement obligations, unrealized gains and losses on commodity derivative instruments, non-cash equity-based compensation, and gains and losses on sales of assets, if any. We define Distributable cash flow as Adjusted EBITDA plus or minus amounts for certain non-cash operating activities, cash interest expense, distributions to preferred unitholders, and restructuring charges, if any. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss), income (loss) from operations, cash flows from operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States as measures of our financial performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow may differ from computations of similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 25 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable cash flow for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net income (loss) 92,731 62,067 224,980 274,902 Adjustments to reconcile to Adjusted EBITDA: Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 11,258 12,367 34,253 33,935 Interest expense 724 621 1,979 2,080 Income tax expense (benefit) 39 (109) 225 177 Accretion of asset retirement obligations 324 254 962 749 Equity based compensation 2,177 3,777 6,765 8,412 Unrealized (gain) loss on commodity derivative instruments (20,811) 51,111 21,642 29,006 (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net (73) (73) Adjusted EBITDA 86,442 130,015 290,806 349,188 Adjustments to reconcile to Distributable cash flow: Change in deferred revenue (1) (1) (3) (8) Cash interest expense (453) (359) (1,172) (1,305) Preferred unit distributions (7,366) (5,250) (22,099) (15,750) Distributable cash flow 78,622 124,405 267,532 332,125 
 
 26 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table shows our production, revenue, and operating expenses for the periods presented: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance (Dollars in thousands, except for realized prices) Production: Oil and condensate (MBbls) 
 875 1,092 (217) (19.9) Natural gas (MMcf) 1 
 15,369 16,980 (1,611) (9.5) Equivalents (MBoe) 3,437 3,922 (485) (12.4) Equivalents/day (MBoe) 37.4 42.6 (5.2) (12.2) Realized prices, without derivatives: Oil and condensate /Bbl) 73.15 78.50 (5.35) (6.8) Natural gas /Mcf) 1 
 2.41 2.87 (0.46) (16.0) Equivalents /Boe) 29.40 34.30 (4.90) (14.3) Revenue: Oil and condensate sales 63,999 85,724 (21,725) (25.3) Natural gas and natural gas liquids sales 1 
 37,039 48,815 (11,776) (24.1) Lease bonus and other income 2,143 2,180 (37) (1.7) Revenue from contracts with customers 103,181 136,719 (33,538) (24.5) Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments 31,675 (26,922) 58,597 217.7 Total revenue 134,856 109,797 25,059 22.8 Operating expenses: Lease operating expense 2,422 2,615 (193) (7.4) Production costs and ad valorem taxes 12,369 16,441 (4,072) (24.8) Exploration expense 2,562 1,711 851 49.7 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 11,258 12,367 (1,109) (9.0) General and administrative 12,801 14,448 (1,647) (11.4) Other expense: Interest expense 724 621 103 16.6 
 1 As a mineral and royalty interest owner, we are often provided insufficient and inconsistent data on NGL volumes by our operators. As a result, we are unable to reliably determine the total volumes of NGLs associated with the production of natural gas on our acreage. Accordingly, no NGL volumes are included in our reported production; however, revenue attributable to NGLs is included in our natural gas revenue and our calculation of realized prices for natural gas. 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total revenue in the third quarter of 2024 is primarily due to a gain on our commodity derivative instruments compared to a loss in the corresponding prior period, which were partially offset by a decrease in natural gas, NGL, oil, and condensate sales. 
 Oil and condensate sales. Oil and condensate sales decreased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in 2023 primarily due to lower production volumes and realized commodity prices. The decrease in oil and condensate production was driven by reduced mineral and royalty production in the Permian Basin. Our mineral and royalty interest oil and condensate volumes accounted for 95 and 96 of total oil and condensate volumes for quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 27 

Natural gas and natural gas liquids sales. Natural gas and NGL sales decreased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding prior period. The decrease was due to lower realized commodity prices between the comparative periods and a reduction in production volumes. The decrease in natural gas and NGL production was driven by lower mineral and royalty production in the Haynesville/Bossier play trend. Mineral and royalty interest production accounted for 94 and 94 of our natural gas volumes for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments. Cash settlements we receive represent realized gains, while cash settlements we pay represent realized losses related to our commodity derivative instruments. In addition to cash settlements, we also recognize fair value changes on our commodity derivative instruments in each reporting period. The changes in fair value result from new positions and settlements that may occur during each reporting period, as well as the relationships between contract prices and the associated forward curves. During the third quarter of 2024, we recognized a gain from our commodity derivative instruments compared to a loss in the same period in 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 10.9 million of realized gains and 20.8 million of unrealized gains from our oil and natural gas commodity contracts, compared to 24.2 million of realized gains and 51.1 million of unrealized losses in the same period in 2023. The unrealized gains on our commodity contracts during the third quarters of 2024 and the unrealized losses in the corresponding period in 2023 were primarily driven by changes in the forward commodity price curves for oil and natural gas. 
 Lease bonus and other income. When we lease our mineral interests, we generally receive an upfront cash payment, or a lease bonus. Lease bonus revenue can vary substantively between periods because it is derived from individual transactions with operators, some of which may be significant. Lease bonus and other income for the third quarter of 2024 was lower than the same period in 2023. Leasing activity in the Bakken/Three Forks made up the majority of lease bonus and other income for the third quarter of 2024, while the majority of the third quarter 2023 activity came from leasing activity in the Bakken/Three Forks and Haynesville/Bossier plays. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Lease operating expense . Lease operating expense includes recurring expenses associated with our non-operated working interests necessary to produce hydrocarbons from our oil and natural gas wells, as well as certain nonrecurring expenses, such as well repairs. Lease operating expense decreased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower nonrecurring service-related expenses, including workovers. 
 Production costs and ad valorem taxes . Production taxes include statutory amounts deducted from our production revenues by various state taxing entities. Depending on the regulations of the states where the production originates, these taxes may be based on a percentage of the realized value or a fixed amount per production unit. This category also includes the costs to process and transport our production to applicable sales points. Ad valorem taxes are jurisdictional taxes levied on the value of oil and natural gas minerals and reserves. Rates, methods of calculating property values, and timing of payments vary between taxing authorities. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, production costs and ad valorem taxes decreased as compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower production taxes stemming from lower commodity prices and decreased production volumes. 
 Exploration expense . Exploration expense typically consists of dry-hole expenses, payments for delay rentals where the Partnership is the lessee, and geological and geophysical costs, including seismic costs, and is expensed as incurred under the successful efforts method of accounting. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, exploration expenses increased compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in seismic purchases and delay rentals. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization . Depletion is the amount of cost basis of oil and natural gas properties attributable to the volume of hydrocarbons extracted during a period, calculated on a units-of-production basis. Estimates of proved developed producing reserves are a major component of the calculation of depletion. We adjust our depletion rates semi-annually based upon mid-year and year-end reserve reports, except when circumstances indicate that there has been a significant change in reserves or costs. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization decreased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 due to lower production volumes. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses are costs not directly associated with the production of oil and natural gas and include expenses such as the cost of employee salaries and related benefits, office expenses, and fees for professional services. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in consulting costs and equity-based compensation, partially offset by an increase in salaries. The decrease in equity-based compensation was due to lower costs recognized for performance-based incentive awards resulting from downward movements in our common unit price during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to upward movements in the corresponding prior period. 
 28 

Interest expense . Interest expense in the third quarter of 2024 increased as compared to the corresponding period in 2023, with minimal average outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility during each period. Interest expense for both periods primarily consisted of commitment fees and amortization of debt issuance costs. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table shows our production, revenues, pricing, and expenses for the periods presented: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance (Dollars in thousands, except for realized prices) Production: Oil and condensate (MBbls) 2,751 2,731 20 0.7 Natural gas (MMcf) 1 
 48,190 48,101 89 0.2 Equivalents (MBoe) 10,783 10,748 35 0.3 Equivalents/day (MBoe) 39.4 39.4 Realized prices, without derivatives: Oil and condensate /Bbl) 76.01 76.23 (0.22) (0.3) Natural gas /Mcf) 1 
 2.40 3.07 (0.67) (21.8) Equivalents /Boe) 30.11 33.13 (3.02) (9.1) Revenue: Oil and condensate sales 209,112 208,184 928 0.4 Natural gas and natural gas liquids sales 1 
 115,543 147,857 (32,314) (21.9) Lease bonus and other income 10,480 8,682 1,798 20.7 Revenue from contracts with customers 335,135 364,723 (29,588) (8.1) Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments 14,838 36,652 (21,814) (59.5) Total revenue 349,973 401,375 (51,402) (12.8) Operating expenses: Lease operating expense 7,433 8,149 (716) (8.8) Production costs and ad valorem taxes 38,876 41,952 (3,076) (7.3) Exploration expense 2,579 1,719 860 50.0 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 34,253 33,935 318 0.9 General and administrative 40,286 38,950 1,336 3.4 Other expense: Interest expense 1,979 2,080 (101) (4.9) 
 1 As a mineral and royalty interest owner, we are often provided insufficient and inconsistent data on NGL volumes by our operators. As a result, we are unable to reliably determine the total volumes of NGLs associated with the production of natural gas on our acreage. Accordingly, no NGL volumes are included in our reported production; however, revenue attributable to NGLs is included in our natural gas revenue and our calculation of realized prices for natural gas. 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the corresponding prior period. The decrease in total revenue is primarily due to a reduced gain on our commodity derivative instruments compared to the gain in the corresponding prior period and a decrease in natural gas and NGL sales, which were partially offset by an increase in oil and condensate sales. 
 29 

Oil and condensate sales. Oil and condensate sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 slightly increased compared to the corresponding prior period primarily due to higher production volumes. Our mineral and royalty interest oil and condensate volumes accounted for 95 and 94 of total oil and condensate volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Natural gas and natural gas liquids sales. Natural gas and NGL sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the corresponding prior period due to lower realized commodity prices. Mineral and royalty interest production accounted for 94 and 94 of our natural gas volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a reduced gain from our commodity derivative instruments as compared to the gain recognized for the same period in 2023. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 36.4 million of realized gains and 21.6 million of unrealized losses from our oil and natural gas commodity contracts, compared to 65.7 million of realized gains and 29.0 million of unrealized losses in the same period in 2023. The unrealized losses on our commodity contracts during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the corresponding period in 2023 were primarily driven by changes in the forward commodity price curves for oil and natural gas. 
 
 Lease bonus and other income. Lease bonus and other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the same period in 2023. Leasing activity in the Permian Basin, Bakken/Three Forks, and the Austin Chalk plays and proceeds from surface use waivers on our mineral acreage supporting solar development in Texas composed the majority of lease bonus and other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while a substantial portion of the activity in the corresponding prior period came from leasing activity in the Bakken/Three Forks and Haynesville/Bossier plays. 
 Operating and Other Expenses 
 Lease operating expense . Lease operating expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower nonrecurring service-related expenses, including workovers. 
 Production costs and ad valorem taxes . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, production costs and ad valorem taxes decreased as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in production taxes from lower oil and natural gas commodity prices. 
 Exploration expense . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 exploration expenses increased compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in seismic purchases and delay rentals. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization . Depreciation, depletion, and amortization slightly increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased production volumes. 
 General and administrative . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher professional costs related to outside legal fees, consulting costs for internal projects, and cash compensation, partially offset by a decrease in equity-based compensation. The increase in cash compensation was driven by increases in salaries and costs recognized under our short-term cash incentive plan. The decrease in equity-based compensation was due to lower costs recognized for performance-based incentive awards resulting from downward movements in our common unit price during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to upward movements in the corresponding prior period. 
 Interest expense . Interest expense was lower in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 than in the prior period primarily due to lower average outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 30 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowings under our Credit Facility. Our primary uses of cash are for distributions to our unitholders, reducing outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility, and for investing in our business. On November 28, 2023 the distribution rate for the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units was adjusted to 9.8 and will be readjusted every two years thereafter (each, a "Readjustment Date"). The rate set on each Readjustment Date is equal to the greater of (i) the distribution rate in effect immediately prior to the relevant Readjustment Date and (ii) the 10-year Treasury Rate as of such Readjustment Date plus 5.5 per annum. We have the option to redeem all or a portion (equal to or greater than 100 million) of the Series B cumulative convertible preferred units for a 90 day period beginning on each Readjustment Date at a redemption price of 20.39 per Series B cumulative convertible preferred unit, which is equal to par value. See "Note 9 - Preferred Units" to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 The Board has adopted a policy pursuant to which, at a minimum, distributions will be paid on each common unit for each quarter to the extent we have sufficient cash generated from our operations after establishment of cash reserves, if any, and after we have made the required distributions to the holders of our outstanding preferred units. However, we do not have a legal or contractual obligation to pay distributions on our common units quarterly or on any other basis, and there is no guarantee that we will pay distributions to our common unitholders in any quarter. The Board may change the foregoing distribution policy at any time and from time to time. 
 We intend to finance any future acquisitions with cash generated from operations, borrowings from our Credit Facility, and proceeds from any future issuances of equity and debt. Over the long-term, we intend to finance our working interest capital needs with our executed farmout agreements and internally generated cash flows, although at times we may fund a portion of these expenditures through other financing sources such as borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 On October 30, 2023, the Board authorized a 150.0 million unit repurchase program which authorizes us to make repurchases on a discretionary basis. The program will be funded from our cash on hand or through borrowings under the Credit Facility. Any repurchased units will be cancelled. See "Note 11 Common Units" to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Cash flows provided by operating activities 298,087 387,135 (89,048) Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (64,227) (4,946) (59,281) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (283,179) (330,466) 47,287 
 Operating Activities . Our operating cash flows are dependent, in large part, on our production, realized commodity prices, derivative settlements, lease bonus revenue, and operating expenses. Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower natural gas and NGL sales stemming from lower realized commodity prices and a reduction in cash received on the settlement of commodity derivatives in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased as compared to the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to minimal acquisition activity in the corresponding prior period. 
 Financing Activities . Cash flows used in financing activities decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower distributions paid to unitholders and no net repayments on our Credit Facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net repayments for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 31 

Development Capital Expenditures 
 Our 2024 capital expenditure budget associated with our non-operated working interests is expected to be approximately 2.3 million, net of farmout reimbursements, of which 0.7 million has been invested in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The majority of this capital is anticipated to be spent on workovers and recompletions on existing wells in which we own a working interest. Through September 30, 2024, we have also spent 1.8 million acquiring leases in areas around our drilling programs. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired mineral and royalty interests that consisted of primarily unproved oil and natural gas properties from various sellers for an aggregate of 65.2 million, including capitalized direct transaction costs. The consideration paid consisted of 64.2 million in cash that was funded from operating activities and 1.0 million in equity that was funded through the issuance of common units of the Partnership based on the fair values of the common units issued on the acquisition dates. These acquisitions were considered asset acquisitions and were primarily located in the Gulf Coast land region. Our current commercial strategy includes the continuation of meaningful, targeted mineral and royalty acquisitions to complement our existing positions. 
 See "Note 3 Oil and Natural Gas Properties" to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Asset Exchange 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we closed on a transaction with a third-party operator whereby we received an oil and natural gas lease on approximately 8,000 net leasehold acres in East Texas in exchange for the assignment of approximately 51,000 undeveloped net mineral and royalty acres in Mississippi. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 We maintain a senior secured revolving credit agreement, as amended, (the "Credit Facility"). The Credit Facility has an aggregate maximum credit amount of 1.0 billion and terminates on October 31, 2027. The commitment of the lenders equals the least of the aggregate maximum credit amount, the then-effective borrowing base, and the aggregate elected commitment, as it may be adjusted from time to time. The amount of the borrowing base is redetermined semi-annually, usually in April and October. The April 2023 borrowing base redetermination reaffirmed the borrowing base at 550.0 million. The subsequent redeterminations increased the borrowing base to 580.0 million in October 2023 and reaffirmed the borrowing base in April 2024 and November 2024. After each redetermination we elected to maintain cash commitments at 375.0 million. The next semi-annual redetermination is scheduled for April 2025. 
 We are subject to various affirmative, negative, and financial maintenance covenants which pose limitations on future borrowings, leases, hedging, and sales of assets. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 See "Note 6 Credit Facility" to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Related Estimates 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and related estimates previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our major market risk exposure is the pricing of oil, natural gas, and NGLs produced by our operators. Realized prices are primarily driven by the prevailing global prices for oil and prices for natural gas and NGLs in the United States. Prices for oil, 
 32 

natural gas, and NGLs have been historically volatile, and we expect this unpredictability to continue in the future. The prices that our operators receive for production depend on many factors outside of our or their control. To reduce the impact of fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices on our revenues, we use commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to price volatility of oil and natural gas. The counterparties to the contracts are unrelated third parties. The contracts settle monthly in cash based on the difference between the fixed contract price and the market settlement price. The market settlement price is based on the NYMEX benchmark for oil and natural gas. We have not designated any of our contracts as fair value or cash flow hedges. Accordingly, the changes in fair value of the contracts are included in net income in the period of the change. See "Note 4 - Commodity Derivative Financial Instruments" and "Note 5 - Fair Value Measurements" to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Commodity prices have been historically volatile based upon the dynamics of supply and demand. To estimate the effect lower prices would have on our reserves, we applied a 10 discount to the SEC commodity pricing for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Applying this discount results in an approximate 2.5 reduction of proved reserve volumes as compared to the undiscounted September 30, 2024 SEC pricing scenario. 
 Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk 
 Our derivative contracts expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. While we do not require our counterparties to our derivative contracts to post collateral, we do evaluate the credit standing of such counterparties as we deem appropriate. This evaluation includes reviewing a counterparty s credit rating and latest financial information. As of September 30, 2024, we had seven counterparties, all of which were rated Baa2 or better by Moody s and are lenders under our Credit Facility. 
 Our principal exposure to credit risk results from receivables generated by the production activities of our operators. The inability or failure of our significant operators to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results. However, we believe the credit risk associated with our operators and customers is acceptable. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have exposure to changes in interest rates on our indebtedness. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had 1.8 million weighted average outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility, bearing interest at a weighted average interest rate of 8.04 . The impact of a 1 increase in the interest rate on this amount of debt would have resulted in a de minimis increase in interest expense, and a corresponding decrease in our results of operations, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, assuming that our indebtedness remained constant throughout the period. We may use certain derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to variable interest rates in the future, but we do not currently have any interest rate hedges in place. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management of our general partner, including our general partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our general partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our general partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities. In the opinion of our management, none of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, readers should carefully consider the risks under the heading Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to the extent updated below, there has been no material change in our risk factors from those described in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 34 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 19, 2015 (SEC File No. 333-202875)). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 19, 2015 (SEC File No. 333-202875)). 3.3 
 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P., dated May 6, 2015, by and among Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C. and Black Stone Minerals Company, L.P., (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 3.4 
 Amendment No. 1 to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P., dated as of April 15, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 3.5 
 Amendment No. 2 to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P., dated as of November 28, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 3.6 
 Amendment No. 3 to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Black Stone Minerals, L.P., dated as of December 11, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 
 3.7 
 Amendment No. 4 to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Black Stone Minerals, L.P., dated as of April 22, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2020 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 4 . 1 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2017, by and between Black Stone Minerals, L.P. and Mineral Royalties One, L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-37362)). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BLACK STONE MINERALS, L.P. By: Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C., its general partner Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Thomas L. Carter, Jr. President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Taylor DeWalch Taylor DeWalch Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bsm930202410-qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 I, Thomas L. Carter, Jr., certify that 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Chief Executive Officer Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C., the general partner of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bsm930202410-qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 I, Taylor DeWalch, certify that 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Taylor DeWalch Taylor DeWalch Chief Financial Officer Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C., the general partner of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bsm930202410-qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 under Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 In connection with the report on Form 10-Q of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. (the Partnership ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Thomas L. Carter, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, and Taylor DeWalch, Chief Financial Officer of the Partnership, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. Date November 5, 2024 s Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Chief Executive Officer Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C., the general partner of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. Date November 5, 2024 s Taylor DeWalch Taylor DeWalch Chief Financial Officer Black Stone Minerals GP, L.L.C., the general partner of Black Stone Minerals, L.P. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bsm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bsm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bsm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bsm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bsm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

