<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1844505_0001844505-24-000077.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10407123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>569127</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1809692</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3279028</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2329687</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2228889</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001844505-24-000077.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113083532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001844505-24-000077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844505
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				861728920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40839
		FILM NUMBER:		241451343

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 HAMILTON LANDING
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94949
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-842-7250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 HAMILTON LANDING
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94949

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GigCapital5, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001844505-24-000077.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 qti-20240930.htm
 10-Q

qti-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 
 
 As of November 12, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 i 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 i 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Part II. Other Information 
 54 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 54 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 59 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 59 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 60 
 Signatures 
 61 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Restricted cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Related party notes payable Current maturities of long-term debt Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Long-term debt Related party notes payable Operating lease liabilities Warrant liability Derivative liability Earnout liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies (Note 10) par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (1) 
 Additional paid-in capital (1) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit (loss) ) Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Change in fair value of warrant liability Change in fair value of derivative liability Change in fair value of earnout liability ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Net loss and comprehensive loss attributable to QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. ) ) ) ) Less: deemed dividend related to the modification of equity classified warrants ) Net loss and comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted (1) Weighted-average number of common shares used in computing net loss per common share (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2023 (1) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Reverse recapitalization ) ) As adjusted, beginning of period (1) ) ) Merger recapitalization ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement Conversion of a note payable Conversion of a bridge loan Net exercise of warrants ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the Pre-Paid Advance Issuance of common stock in connection with the Cable Car Loan Issuance of common stock related to non-redemption extension agreements Issuance of common stock related to early investor consideration Issuance of common stock to settle transaction expenses Stock-based compensation Deemed dividend related to modification of equity classified warrants ) Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 
 ) ) Reverse recapitalization ) ) As adjusted, beginning of period (1) ) ) Sale of common stock and warrants in private offering, net Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 (1) 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Warrant modification expense Provision for credit losses Fair value of common stock issued in exchange for services and in connection with non-redemption agreements Loss on issuance of common stock in connection with a subscription agreement Non-cash interest Non-cash operating lease expense ) ) Loss on disposal of assets Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Change in fair value of derivative liability ) Change in fair value of earnout liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance common stock pursuant to subscription agreement Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Repayment of bridge loans ) Proceeds from related party payable Proceeds from the Merger, net of transaction costs Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities: Fair value of embedded derivatives upon issuance of convertible debt Fair value of common stock issued with convertible debt 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

Transfer of equipment to inventory Transfer of inventory to property and equipment Extinguishment of accrued expenses in exchange for common stock Debt discount included in accrued expenses Conversion of long-term debt into common stock Deemed dividend 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 established in the Business Combination Agreement. 
 as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a net loss of and used of cash in operating activities, which includes repayment of net liabilities assumed from the Business Combination. The Company expects to continue to incur losses, and its ability to achieve and sustain profitability will depend on the achievement of sufficient revenues to 
 7 

from YA II PN, LTD Yorkville pursuant to the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the SEPA and issued Yorkville a promissory note (the Yorkville Note in the amount of million for such Pre-Paid Advance, of cash proceeds from an investor related to a stock subscription agreement, and in cash proceeds through a note payable from Funicular Funds, LP. See Note 8. Long-Term Debt. The SEPA provides the Company with access to an additional million of potential capital through the issuance of common stock to Yorkville. During the time the Company has a balance under the Yorkville Note, additional advances under the SEPA can be received with written consent of Yorkville or upon a Trigger Event (as defined in Note 8) which, following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 that the Company filed to register the shares to be issued pursuant to the SEPA, occurs when the daily volume-weighted average price is less than the Floor Price (as such term is defined in the Yorkville Note) for consecutive trading days, which prior to October 31, 2024, was per share. As previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 13, 2024, a Trigger Event occurred on September 11, 2024, following which on September 13, 2024, the Company made a payment to Yorkville on the Yorkville Note of which included as repayment of principal. Additionally, and as previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 30, 2024, the Company and Yorkville executed an amendment on September 26, 2024 to extend the maturity date of the Yorkville Note from June 4, 2025 to December 15, 2025 and decreased the monthly principal payment obligations of related to the Trigger Event beginning on January 15, 2025 (see Note 8 for more detail). Subsequently, on October 31, 2024, the Company and Yorkville executed a second amendment to extend the maturity date of the Yorkville Note to March 31, 2026 and reduced the Floor Price to per share. On November 4, 2024, Yorkville converted in principal amount of the Yorkville Note, and following this conversion and the prior repurchase of principal, the remaining principal balance of the Yorkville Note is million (see Note 16). Subsequent to the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company executed a securities purchase agreement with related parties for the issuance of shares of common stock plus warrants for the purchase of common stock as a Private Investment in Public Equity (the PIPE with an aggregate purchase price of million, the closing of which will occur by November 29, 2024. Management believes that the additional cash received from the PIPE and the financing arrangement under the SEPA and the Yorkville Note will be sufficient to fund the Company s current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. 
 The Company s future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the Company s growth rate, the timing and extent of its spending to support research and development activities, purchasing inventory to meet its growth plan, and the timing and cost to enhance commercialized existing products. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, the Company may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. Any additional debt financing obtained by the Company in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to the Company s capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for the Company to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, if the Company raises additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, its existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership of the Company, and any new equity securities the Company issues could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of the Company s common stock. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to the Company when the Company requires it, the Company s ability to continue to grow or support its business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 8 

days from delivery of products or services but may fluctuate depending on the terms of each specific contract. 
 
 Significant customers represent 10 or more of the Company s total revenue or accounts receivable, net balance for the period ended as of each reporting date. 
 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D, related party Customer E Customer F Customer G Customer H 
 
 Total less than 10 for the period. 
 
 clinics during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and clinics during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Certain components and services used to manufacture and develop the Company s products are presently available from only one or a limited number of suppliers or vendors. The Company s QT Breast Scanner has more than components, of which less than components have such dependencies on limited suppliers or vendors. The loss of any of these suppliers or vendors would potentially require a significant level of hardware and/or software development efforts to incorporate the products or services into the Company s product. 
 9 

as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash is comprised of cash held in an account subject to a collateral agreement to be used for the Company s corporate credit card program. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, an allowance for credit losses was required. Write-offs of accounts receivable were not significant during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Company did have any finance leases as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 10 

years. Patents are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful life. 
 Management has reviewed the Company s long-lived assets and recorded impairment charge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 11 

Service 
 International 
 The Company had contract assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company had contract liabilities of as of September 30, 2024, which are expected to be fully recognized as revenue in 2024. The Company had contract liabilities of as of December 31, 2023. Revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that was previously included in contract liabilities as of December 31, 2023 
 12 

and , respectively, while a customer deposit previously deferred was refunded due to an order cancellation during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 , which provides for the repair or replacement of products, at the Company s option, that fail to perform with stated specifications. The Company estimates future warranty obligations related to those products. To date, product warranty claims have not been significant. 
 These costs amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Advertising expenses were not significant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 There were accrued interest and penalties during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 13 

Comprehensive loss was equal to net loss for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 ) ) ) Deemed dividend related to the modification of equity classified warrants ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares used in computing net loss per common share (1) Net loss per share - basic and diluted (1) 
 Potential shares from Pre-Paid Advance Merger consideration earnout shares Potential shares from Cable Car Loan Potential shares from convertible notes (1) Contingently issuable shares to GigCapital5 stockholders (1) Options outstanding (1) 
 (1) Amounts as of December 31, 2023 and before that date differ from those in prior year consolidated financial statements as they were retrospectively adjusted as a result of the accounting or the Business Combination (as defined in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 14 

2. 
 
 shares of the Company's common stock for each share of QT Imaging common stock). The net liabilities of GigCapital5 have been recognized at carrying value, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 
 
 QT Imaging has been determined to be the accounting acquirer based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 
 
 QT Imaging's stockholders have a majority of the voting power of the Company; 
 The majority of QT Imaging's board of directors continued to serve as directors of the Company; 
 The majority of QT Imaging's management continued to serve as management of the Company; 
 QT Imaging comprises the ongoing operations of the Company; and 
 QT Imaging is the larger entity based on historical business activity and the larger employee base. 

15 

Plus: cash in GigCapital5 operating bank account Less: Payments made pursuant to non-redemption agreements ) Less: GigCapital5 transaction costs paid from Trust ) Less: Repayment of GigCapital5 related party notes ) Net cash proceeds from GigCapital5 
 Assumed net liabilities from GigCapital5, excluding net cash proceeds ) Net impact of the Merger on the condensed consolidated statement of stockholders' deficit ) 
 
 Merger Related Activities 
 On November 15, 2023, GigCapital5, QT Imaging and Yorkville, a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, entered into the SEPA. Upon the closing of the Merger, the Company has the right, provided there is no balance outstanding under the Yorkville Note (as defined below) or, if there is a balance outstanding under a Yorkville Note, with Yorkville s prior written consent, or upon the occurrence of certain trigger events, to issue and sell to Yorkville, and Yorkville shall purchase from the Company, up to in aggregate gross purchase price (the Commitment Amount of newly issued shares of the common stock (each such sale, an Advance by delivering written notice to Yorkville (each, an Advance Notice and the date on which the Company is deemed to have delivered an Advance Notice, the Advance Notice Date ). As consideration for a payment of (the Pre-Paid Advance received on March 4, 2024, the Company issued the Yorkville Note, which was issued with a original issue discount. The Yorkville Note for the Pre-Paid Advance was originally due months from the date of issuance, and interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the Yorkville Note at an annual rate equal to , subject to an increase to upon an event of default. The Yorkville Note is convertible by Yorkville into shares of the Company s common stock. On March 4, 2024, immediately prior to, and substantially concurrently with, the closing of the Business Combination, QT Imaging issued to Yorkville that number of shares of the Company which converted in the aggregate into shares of the Company's common stock (the Company Shares upon the completion of the Merger. See Note 8. 
 
 In February 2024, GigCapital5 and QT Imaging entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Cable Car Loan with Funicular Funds, LP Cable Car ), pursuant to which Cable Car agreed to advance at the closing of the Business Combination, as was evidenced by a promissory note that may be convertible in certain circumstances into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of per share (the Loan ), dated March 4, 2024, by and between QT Imaging and Cable Car. The Loan does bear interest, and is due and payable months after issuance, unless the time for payment is accelerated as a result of an event of default. On March 4, 2024, a s full compensation to Cable Car for the Loan to QT Imaging in lieu of any simple or in-kind interest on the Loan, QT Imaging issued to Cable Car that number of shares of the Company which at the completion of the Business Combination would be converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into shares of the Company's common stock. See Note 8. 
 
 In February 2024, GigCapital5 and QT Imaging (together the parties entered into a subscription agreement with William Blair Co., L.L.C. William Blair for the purchase of shares of common stock of QT Imaging. Pursuant to the subscription agreement, QT Imaging issued to William Blair in satisfaction of certain fees owed to William Blair for its services to the parties, that number of shares of QT Imaging which at the completion of the Business Combination were converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into shares of the Company s common stock. The issuance of these shares settled of net assumed liabilities from the business combination with an additional transaction cost expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In February 2024, the parties agreed to amend of the non-redemption agreements that were entered into in September 2023 September 2023 Non-Redemption Agreements ), pursuant to which, and in addition to the Company s common stock issuable Mizuho Securities USA, LLC Mizuho under the September 2023 Non-Redemption Agreement, Mizuho received from QT Imaging, in exchange for of services rendered by Mizuho, that number of QT Imaging s common stock that converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into shares of the Company s common stock. The issuance of these shares settled 
 16 

of net assumed liabilities from the business combination with an additional transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In February 2024, QT Imaging and GigCapital5 entered into additional subscription agreements with each of Donnelley Financial Solutions, LLC DFIN and IB Capital LLC iBankers ), dated as of February 23, 2024 and February 22, 2024, respectively (together, the Subscription Agreements ), for the purchase of shares of common stock of QT Imaging. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, QT Imaging issued to each of DFIN and iBankers in satisfaction of and of fees owed to DFIN and iBankers, respectively, for their services, that number of shares of QT Imaging which at the completion of the Business Combination were converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into and respective share s of the Company s common stock. The issuance of these shares settled of net assumed liabilities from the business combination with an additional transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In February 2024, QT Imaging and LionBay Ventures LionBay entered into a Settlement and Termination Agreement Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Termination Agreement, QT Imaging terminated its Service Agreement with LionBay dated May 18, 2021 and the First Amendment of the Service Agreement dated September 9, 2021 (collectively as Service Agreement ). In exchange for the termination of the Service Agreement and the termination of options to purchase shares of common stock with a strike price of per option that were issued as part of the Service Agreement, QT Imaging agreed to issue that number of shares that converted into shares of the Company s common stock. The issuance of these shares resulted in an additional transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In February 2024, QT Imaging received in exchange for that number of shares that converted into shares of the Company's common stock in accordance with the terms of the subscription agreement and Business Combination Agreement. The issuance of these shares resulted in an additional transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Pursuant to an amendment dated December 13, 2023 , between QT Imaging and Exit Strategy Partners, LLC Advisor ), the Company agreed to pay for Advisor s services in exchange for that number of shares that converted into shares of the Company s common stock and a total cash amount of , of which was paid on the closing of the Business Combination on March 4, 2024 and the remaining is due on the first anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The total cash consideration and issuance of shares related to this amendment resulted in a transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On March 4, 2024 , as consideration for the September 2023 Non-Redemption with certain GigCapital5 stockholders Non-Redeeming Stockholders ), QT Imaging issued that number of shares that converted into shares of the Company s common stock to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders. The issuance of these shares resulted in a transaction expense of recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On March 4, 2024 , the Company issued to subscribers to the Stock Subscription Agreements entered into in November 2023 equal to that number of shares that resulted in such parties as stockholders of QT Imaging receiving pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement shares of the Company's common stock. The issuance of 
 17 

recorded as selling, general and administrative expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. transaction expense related to this agreement was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Merger Earnout Consideration Shares 
 
 Pursuant to the Second Amendment to Business Combination Agreement dated September 21, 2023, the Company is obliged to issue a maximum of shares of Company's common stock (the Merger Consideration Earnout Shares if certain triggering events and conditions are achieved during 2024, 2025, and 2026. 
 
 2024 Earnout Shares 
 
 Promptly following the date on which Company files its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 with the SEC, an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares (the 2024 Earnout Shares will be issued to QT Imaging s former stockholders if, and only if, on or prior to such filing date, the Company has obtained a formal U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA clearance for breast cancer screening with respect to its breast scanning systems, which remains in full force and effect as of such filing date; provided, that the 2024 Earnout Shares shall increase by (to an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares if, in addition, during the fifteen months ended September 30, 2024, the Company either (A) makes at least bona fide placements of its breast scanning systems globally or (B) has revenue of at least as set forth in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports filed by the Company with the SEC with respect to such fifteen month period. 
 
 2025 Earnout Shares 
 
 Promptly following the date on which the Company files its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2025 with the SEC, an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares (the 2025 Earnout Shares will be issued to QT Imaging s former stockholders if, and only if, during the twelve months ended September 30, 2025, (A) the Company achieves annual revenue of at least as set forth in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports filed by the Company with the SEC with respect to such twelve month period, and (B) the Company makes at least placements of its breast scanning systems in the United States; provided, that the 2025 Earnout Shares shall increase by (to an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares if at least one of the following milestones is achieved: (x) on or prior to such filing date, the Company has obtained a formal FDA clearance for a new indication for use of its breast scanning systems (other than any indication obtained prior to the beginning of the twelve months ended September 30, 2025), which remains in full force and effect as of such filing date; or (y) the Company achieves clinical-quality patient images with the Company s open angle scanner no later than the filing date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2025. 
 
 2026 Earnout Shares 
 
 Promptly following the date on which the Company files its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2026 with the SEC, an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares (the 2026 Earnout Shares will be issued to QT Imaging s former stockholders if, and only if, during the twelve months ended September 30, 2026, (A) the Company has revenue of at least as set forth in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports filed by the Company with the SEC with respect to such twelve month period, or (B) the VWAP of shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share for twenty (20) of any thirty (30) consecutive trading days on the Nasdaq exchange; provided, that the 2026 Earnout Shares shall increase by (to an aggregate of Merger Consideration Earnout Shares if at least of the following milestones is achieved on or prior to such filing date: (x) the Company has obtained a formal FDA clearance of its open angle scanner, which remains in full force and effect as of such filing date; or (y) the Company receives net positive results in bona fide clinical trials, conducted in accordance with generally accepted industry standards, for its open angle scanner, as reported no later than the filing date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2026. 
 
 related to the Merger Earnout Consideration Shares within the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. See Note 3. 

18 

3. 
 
 Liabilities: Warrant liability 2 Earnout liability 3 Derivative liability 3 
 Warrant Liability 
 The Company has determined that the warrants that were a constituent part of (i) the private placement units that were issued in a private placement sale by GigCapital5 prior to the Merger Private Placement Warrants and (ii) the private placement units that were issued upon conversion of working capital notes issued by GigCapital5 prior to the Merger, which conversion occurred concurrent with the Merger Working Capital Note Warrants are subject to treatment as a liability, as the transfer of the warrants to anyone other than the purchasers or their permitted transferees would result in these warrants having substantially the same terms as the warrants included in the public units that were issued by GigCapital5 prior to the Merger Public Warrants ). The Company determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant and the Working Capital Note Warrants approximates the fair value of a Public Warrant. Accordingly, the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Note Warrants are valued upon observable data and have been classified as Level 2 financial instruments. As of September 30, 2024 , a total of Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Note Warrants were outstanding at an approximate fair value of per warrant. See Note 11. 
 19 

Net liabilities assumed from GigCapital5 Change in fair value Ending balance, March 31, 2024 Increase due to warrant modification Change in fair value ) Ending balance, June 30, 2024 Change in fair value ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 The effect of the modification of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Note Warrants as further described in Note 11 was included within other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Earnout Liability 
 
 The fair value of the Merger Consideration Earnout shares was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The simulation used as significant inputs the Company's management s current assessment of placements of breast scanning systems in 2024 and 2025, likely expected values for revenues from 2024 through 2026, probabilities for regulatory approvals including FDA clearances, and probabilities of other triggering events related to the open angle scanner. The probabilities of the non-revenue triggers generally range from 0 to 25 percent with the exception of the FDA clearance for a new indication by November 14, 2025 , as defined in the Business Combination Agreement, which is at 100 percent. The revenue forecast for the respective measurement periods are generally in line with the revenue triggers as defined in the Business Combination Agreement, as amended. Additional significant inputs into the simulation include the volatility of Company's equity, assets, and revenue that was derived in a manner as would be common for such simulation, and published industry operating profitability metrics. A weighted average cost of capital WACC was estimated based on a venture capital rates of return on debt and equity. This WACC was used as the discount rate applicable to revenue, after applying a delivering factor to convert it from being applicable to earnings before interest and tax EBIT to being applicable to revenue. This EBIT to revenue delivering factor was estimated using published industry operating profit and cost metrics. 
 
 The Monte Carlo simulation developed a distribution of projected revenues for 2024 through 2026 using a Geometric Brownian Motion framework based on a standard normal distribution of returns. The simulation also developed a distribution of potential daily common stock prices for 2026 using a Geometric Brownian Motion framework. The resulting fair value is based on the average of the number of shares that will be paid out for each triggering event over a statistically significant number of simulations. 
 
 Volatility of revenue Discount rate applicable to revenue Risk-free rate Risk premium Cost of debt Credit risk spread Equity volatility 
 
 20 

Change in fair value Ending balance, March 31, 2024 Change in fair value ) Ending balance, June 30, 2024 Change in fair value ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 

Derivative Liability 
 In March 2024 , the Company recorded a derivative liability related to the Pre-Paid Advance issued on March 4, 2024 pursuant to the SEPA, dated November 15, 2023 , between QT Imaging and Yorkville (See Note 2 and Note 8). The Pre-Paid Advance contained the following derivative features Derivatives as defined in the SEPA that were recognized at fair value: 
 Monthly Payment Premium: if, any time after the Issuance Date, and from time to time thereafter, a Trigger Event occurs, then the Company shall make monthly payments of Triggered Principal Amount, Payment Premium and accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Monthly Payment Discount: if, any time after the Issuance Date, and from time to time thereafter, a Trigger Event occurs, then the Company shall make monthly payments of Triggered Principal Amount minus the lesser of (x) and (y) such amount of fifty percent of the Investor s net sales proceeds of the Company Shares or fifty percent of the value of the Company Shares on such date the cash payment is due. 
 
 Variable Price Conversion Right: subject to certain limitations, at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Yorkville shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable Common Stock in accordance with Section (3)(b), at the Conversion Price of of the lowest VWAP of the Company s Common Stock during the consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Conversion Date or the date the Holder submits an Investor Notice pursuant to and as defined in the SEPA, as applicable, or other date of determination, but not lower than the Floor Price. 
 
 Failure to Timely Convert: if within three Trading Days after the Company s receipt of an email copy of a Conversion Notice the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Yorkville or credit Yorkville s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such Yorkville s conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion Failure ), and if on or after such Trading Day the Yorkville purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Yorkville of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Yorkville anticipated receiving from the Company (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall, within three Business Days after the Yorkville s request and in the Yorkville s discretion, either (i) pay cash to Yorkville in an amount equal to Yorkville s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out of pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Yorkville a certificate or certificates representing such Common Stock and pay cash to the Yorkville in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the Closing Price on the Conversion Date. 
 
 Corporate Events: in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event ), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holder s option, (i) in addition to the Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with respect to such Common Stock had such Common Stock been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the Common Stock otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of Common Stock in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such 
 21 

Term in years Volatility Risk-free rate Debt discount 
 Fair value at issuance Change in fair value ) Ending balance, March 31, 2024 Change in fair value ) Ending balance, June 30, 2024 Change in fair value ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 

4. 
 Work in process Finished Goods Total 
 
 5. 
 Years Computer and lab equipment - Years 
 Leasehold improvements Various 
 22 

Years Furniture and fixtures Years Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Years Years 
 Intangible assets, net consisted of the following as of December 31, 2023: 
 Useful Life Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Useful Life Remaining Patents Years Years 
 Amortization expense was and for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Amortization expense was and for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 7. 
 
 Other Total 
 
 Accrued personnel costs Accrued excise taxes Accrued advisory fee Other Total 
 
 8. 
 Loan 2 and Loan 1 ), respectively, to fund payroll, rent and utilities through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). Original loan terms were revised by the PPP Flexibility Act of 2020. Under 
 23 

in principal and in interest from the Small Business Administration SBA on June 14, 2021. For Loan 2, the Company applied for forgiveness on November 9, 2021, and received forgiveness of in principal and in interest on November 15, 2021. 
 The remaining balance of Loan 1 of is payable in monthly installments of , including interest at , beginning August 5, 20 21, with the final payment due May 5, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal outstanding under Loan 1 was , all of which was current. As of December 31, 2023, the total principal outstanding under Loan 1 was , of which was current and was noncurrent. 
 The remaining balance of Loan 2 of is payable in monthly installments of , including interest at , beginning December 27, 2021, with the final payment due February 27, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal outstanding under Loan 2 was , of which was current and was noncurrent. As of December 31, 2023, the total principal outstanding under Loan 2 was , of which was current and was noncurrent. 
 Interest expense for Loan 1 and Loan 2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Interest expense for Loan 1 and Loan 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The SBA may undertake a review of a loan of any size during the six-year period following forgiveness or repayment of the loan. The review may include the loan forgiveness application, as well as whether the Company received the proper loan amount. The timing and outcome of any SBA review is not known. 
 Convertible Notes Payable 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement (the Note with USCG for advances of up to . The Company could have made advances on the Note up to after the inception of the Note unless extensions for advances were mutually agreed between both parties. The Note bore interest at per annum on any amounts drawn with a maturity date of July 6, 2024. The Note was collateralized by all assets of the Company and was guaranteed by QT Labs. The terms of the Note include non-financial covenants and, as of March 4, 2024 when the Note converted, the Company was in compliance with those covenants. Through December 31, 2023, the Company issued warrants in connection with the note to purchase a total of shares of common stock which shares are exercisable at a price of per share and shares are exercisable at a price of per share. The fair value of the warrants, along with financing fees, were recorded as debt issuance costs and presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a deduction from the carrying amount of the Note. On March 4, 2024, these warrants were terminated in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement. 
 The Note was convertible, at the Company s option, before the Note matured upon the closing of a single transaction or a series of transactions with a minimum of of cash proceeds raised in the aggregate. If elected, the conversion price is of the price per share in the qualified financing. Management assessed whether the embedded features in the Note should have been bifurcated from the debt host and concluded that none of the features required to be accounted for separately from the debt instrument. 
 
 In November 2023 and in connection with the Fourth Amendment and issuance of the senior secured convertible promissory note to US Capital as part of the Securities Purchase Agreement as described below (the US Capital Note ), the outstanding loan balances of the Note of with accrued interest of were considered extinguished. In November 2023, the Company recorded as a loss on extinguishment in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and includes a commission paid of , remaining unamortized debt issuance costs on the Note of and the fair value of warrants to purchase shares of common stock of . 
 As of December 31, 2023, the total Note and US Capital Note balance was net of unamortized debt issuance costs of , and accrued interest of . Interest expense, including amortization of debt issuance costs, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. Interest expense, including amortization of debt issuance costs, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 On March 4, 2024, the Note principal and related accrued interest balance of and the US Capital Note principal balance of was converted into and shares of common stock, respectively. 
 24 

shares of the Company's common stock were net settled into shares of common stock. 
 
 Bridge Loan 
 In November 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and raised a private secured convertible bridge financing in the aggregate amount of Bridge Loan from investors Bridge Lenders ). Each Bridge Loan of bore interest but had a cash option value at the date of maturity of , or , of the Bridge Loan at each Bridge Lender s option. The maturity date was the closing date of the Business Combination as defined in Note 1. The Bridge Loan conversion price was at per share on a post-business combination. On March 4, 2024, of the Bridge Loan holders elected the cash option and were paid an aggregate of on the Merger Date. Interest expense related to the payment premium was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was amount outstanding for the Bridge Loan. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of the Bridge Loan, excluding the US Capital Note, was , net of unamortized debt issuance costs of . Interest expense from the amortization of debt issuance costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 
 
 Yorkville Pre-Paid Advance 
 On March 4, 2024, the Company received the Pre-Paid Advance of from Yorkville and issued Yorkville the Yorkville Note in the amount of for such Pre-Paid Advance that was originally due months from the date of issuance, and interest shall accrue on the outstanding balance of the Yorkville Note at an annual rate equal to , subject to an increase to upon an event of default as described in the Yorkville Note. The Yorkville Note is convertible by Yorkville into shares of the Company's common stock. As consideration for the Pre-Paid Advance, immediately prior to, and substantially concurrently with, the closing of the Business Combination, QT Imaging issued to Yorkville that number of shares of QT Imaging which converted in the aggregate into shares of the Company's common stock upon the completion of the Business Combination. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 470-20, the proceeds of were recorded between the promissory note and common stock less debt origination costs of , consisting of a commitment fee for the SEPA and an original issue discount of for the Yorkville Note, on a relative fair value basis. Expenses related to a structuring fee was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and was included in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. As noted in Note 3, the Pre-Paid Advance contained Derivatives that were bifurcated and recorded a separate instrument. The initial value of the Derivatives of the was recorded as a debt discount against the Pre-Paid Advance. 
 Under the terms of the original Yorkville Note, a Trigger Event shall occur if the daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price for trading days during a period of consecutive trading days (a Floor Price Trigger and the last such day of such occurrence, a Trigger Date ). If, at any time after the issuance of the Yorkville Note, a Trigger Event occurs, then the Company will be obligated to make monthly payments in an amount equal to the sum of (i) of principal in the aggregate among all promissory notes issued to Yorkville (or the outstanding principal if less than such amount) (the Triggered Principal Amount ), plus (ii) a payment premium of in respect of such Triggered Principal Amount, and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each payment date beginning on the 5th trading day after the Trigger Date and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month to Yorkville pursuant to the terms of the Yorkville Note. However, in the event that the Company shall be required to make such cash payments to Yorkville under the Yorkville Note as a result of the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Company shall be entitled upon written notice to Yorkville, to direct that Yorkville (i) if Yorkville has sold the Company Shares that it received upon the completion of the Merger to apply, in accordance with the terms of the Yorkville Note, up to of Yorkville s net sale proceeds of the Company Shares to satisfy, in part or in whole, the Triggered Principal Amount of such cash payments due to Yorkville or (ii) or if Yorkville has not sold the Company Shares, to apply up to of the value of the Company Shares on such date the cash payment is due based on the VWAP as quoted by Bloomberg LP of the Company Shares as an offset of the Triggered Principal Amount of the cash payments due to Yorkville. The obligation of the Company to make monthly prepayments due to the occurrence of a Floor Price Triger shall cease (with respect to any payment that has not yet come due) if any time after the Trigger Date (a) the Company reduces the Floor Price to an amount that is at least of the daily VWAP of the common stock or (b) the daily VWAP is greater than of the Floor Price for a period of consecutive trading days, unless a subsequent Trigger Event occurs. Furthermore, within trading day of a Floor Price Trigger that remains after application of all amounts related to the Company Shares as 
 25 

of the daily VWAP of the common stock, and provide Yorkville written confirmation of such reduction of the Floor Price or be obligated to make the above monthly cash payments. 
 
 Following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 that the Company filed to register the shares to be issued pursuant to the SEPA, the Floor Price for Yorkville was per share (See Note 16 for current Floor Price). For the first trading days commencing after after the issuance of the Yorkville Note, which ended on September 11, 2024, the daily VWAP of the common stock was less than the Floor Price, and as a result, September 11, 2024 constitutes a Trigger Date, and on that Trigger Date, a Trigger Event occurred due to a Floor Price Trigger. Accordingly, on September 13, 2024, the Company made the initial payment due to Yorkville as a result of the Trigger Event that occurred on September 11, 2024 in an amount totaling , the calculation of which reflects a reduction to the Triggered Principal Amount by of the net sale proceeds of the Company Shares by Yorkville following the closing of the Business Combination. The total payment of comprised of of principal, of accrued interest, and of early payment premium. The Company recognized the early payment premium as interest expense within the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company and Yorkville entered into an Omnibus Amendment (the Omnibus Amendment ), pursuant to which the Company and Yorkville agreed to amend certain terms of the Yorkville Note to reduce the Company s obligations resulting from the occurrence of the Trigger Event. Pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment, the maturity date of the Yorkville Note was extended approximately from June 4, 2025 to December 15, 2025. Further, the Omnibus Amendment acknowledges the Company s obligation to make monthly payments to Yorkville in the amount of the Trigger Principal Amount due to the occurrence of the Trigger Event and revised the Yorkville Note to provide that no further monthly payments will be owed during the period beginning on the date of the Omnibus Amendment and ending on January 15, 2025. In exchange for this relief, beginning on January 15, 2025, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month until and including November 15, 2025, whether or not a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing as of such dates, the Company will make monthly payments in an amount equal to plus the payment premium of plus accrued and unpaid interest under the Yorkville Note as of each such payment date. Such monthly payments will not be reduced or offset by any amount, including, but not limited to, any net sales proceeds of the Company Shares or any value of the Company Shares based on the VWAP as quoted by Bloomberg, LP. The Omnibus Amendment also provided that of the proceeds of the sale of the remaining Company Shares held at the time of entry into the Omnibus Amendment by Yorkville shall be retained by Yorkville and shall not be used to offset or reduce any amounts owed under the Yorkville Note, or to otherwise benefit the Company in any way. The Omnibus Amendment also provides that in the event that the Company s common stock is delisted from trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Yorkville consents to the occurrence of such delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market, if it is to happen, and that it will not constitute an Event of Default as defined per the Omnibus Amendment, provided that (i) the Company uses its best efforts to have its common stock relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market as soon as possible and (ii) the Company s common stock is listed on the OTC Markets OTCQX market tier within 30 days in the event that a delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market occurs. The Omnibus Amendment was accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring, resulting in a prospective adjustment to the effective interest rate in accordance with ASC 470-60. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding amount of the Yorkville Note was net of the unamortized debt discount of , and accrued interest of . Interest expense, including amortization of debt issuance costs, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 

Cable Car Loan 
 In February 2024, GigCapital5 and QT Imaging entered into the Cable Car Loan with Cable Car, pursuant to which Cable Car agreed to advance at the closing of the Business Combination, as was evidenced by the Loan, dated March 4, 2024, by and between QT Imaging and Cable Car. The Loan does bear interest, and is due and payable months after issuance, unless the time for payment is accelerated as a result of an event of default. As full compensation to Cable Car for the Loan to QT Imaging in lieu of any simple or in-kind interest on the Loan, QT Imaging issued to Cable Car that number of shares of QT Imaging which at the completion of the Business Combination would be converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into shares of the Company's common stock. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the proceeds of were recorded 
 26 

, consisting of legal fees, on a relative fair value basis. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding amount of the Cable Car Loan was , net of unamortized issuance costs of . Interest expense, including amortization of debt issuance costs, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 
 2025 2026 Total payments Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) Long-term debt 
 
 9. 
 Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities 

2025 2026 2027 Total payments Less: Interest ) Present value of obligations 
 
 27 

and , respectively, of which and , respectively, were related to leases with a term of less than 12 months. The operating lease expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively, of which and , respectively, were related to leases with a term of less than 12 months. 
 years and the weighted-average discount rate was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2023, the weighted-average remaining lease term was years and the weighted-average discount rate was for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

10. 
 
 11. 
 shares of common stock. Immediately following the Merger, there were shares of common stock outstanding with a par value of . The holder of each share of common stock is entitled to vote. 
 The Company retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to March 4, 2024 to give effect to the exchange ratio established in the Business Combination Agreement to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they were converted. 
 Potential shares from Pre-Paid Advance Merger earnout consideration shares Options outstanding under the 2024 Incentive Plan Options available under the 2024 Incentive Plan Potential shares from Cable Car Loan Potential shares from convertible notes 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, with a par value of , with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The Board has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time on terms it may determine, to divide shares of preferred stock into one or more series and to fix the designations, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of common stock, restricting dividends on the capital stock of the Company, diluting the voting power of the common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the capital stock of the Company, or delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. 
 28 

units for a purchase price of per unit (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase share of common stock (the QT Imaging Private Placement Warrants with an exercise price of (the 2022 Offering ). As of December 31, 2023, the Company has issued Units for net proceeds of , which and Units were issued during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for total net proceeds of and , respectively. The re were Units issued during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . On March 4, 2024, all outstanding QT Imaging Private Placement Warrants were deemed out of the money and terminated in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 QT Imaging Warrants for Common Stock 
 
 In addition to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the 2022 Offering, the Company also issued warrants to consultants and to placement agents in association with debt issuances and past private offerings. At the option of the warrant holders, the warrants can be fully settled in shares of common stock, or converted via net share settlement, in which the warrant holder will receive shares equal to the number of shares purchasable under the warrants multiplied by the difference between the fair market value of the shares and the exercise price, divided by the fair market value of the shares. 
 Exercised ) Terminated pursuant to business combination agreement ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 
 The fair value of the QT Imaging warrants issued as part of the 2022 Offering and included in stockholders deficit in the condensed consolidated balance sheets was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The fair value of the remaining warrant granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and was recorded as issuance costs against the proceeds received from the 2022 Offering. There were QT Imaging warrants issued during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 On March 4, 2024 and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company cancelled and terminated all outstanding warrants that were deemed out of the money with an exercise price of or above per warrant, including all warrants sold as part of the Units in the 2022 Offering and warrants that were issued to consultants and placement agents in association with debt issuances and past private offerings. 
 Warrants (Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Note Warrants) 
 
 Warrants will be exercisable at per share, and pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement governing such warrants (the Warrant Agreement ), the exercise price and number of warrant shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Company s Founder or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by it prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading-day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants 
 29 

of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. 
 
 Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of days after the completion of the Merger and will expire after the completion of the Merger. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of the warrants during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these warrants and the warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the Warrant Agreement. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants in whole and not in part at a price of per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price of the Company s shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within the -trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 
 Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), following the completion of the Merger, for the registration of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants included in the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering (the Public Units ), the private placement units undertaken by the Company concurrently with its initial public offering (the Private Placement Units and the private placement units that were issued upon conversion of working capital notes issued by the Company prior to the Merger, which conversion occurred concurrent with the Merger. The new registration statement was filed on April 1, 2024, and was declared effective by the SEC on May 22, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding from those that were initially included as a constituent security of the Public Units and the Private Placement Units (the PubCo Warrants with an exercise price of per warrant and expiring on March 4, 2029. On May 13, 2024, the exercise price of PubCo Warrants was reduced from to per warrant and the price per share related to the redemption events described above decreased from per share to per share in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement as discussed above. The modification in exercise price related to the Public Warrants, which are equity classified, was accounted as a deemed dividend, which resulted in an adjustment of to accumulated deficit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The effect of the modification in exercise price related to the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Note Warrants, which are liability classified, was recorded in other income (expense), net within the statements of operations and comprehensive loss and amounted to during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 12. 
 shares of common stock for issuance thereunder. The 2024 Incentive Plan became effective immediately upon the Closing of the Business Combination on March 4, 2024. The term of the 2024 Incentive Plan is years. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2024 Incentive Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2025 and continuing through January 1, 2035, by of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Under the 2024 Incentive Plan, the Company may issue stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance awards PAs ). The term of stock options may not exceed years and is subject to vesting conditions, which is subject to the option holder s continued service to the Company. The exercise price of any stock option award cannot be less than fair market value of the Company s common stock, provided, however, that an incentive stock option granted to an employee who owns more than of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary, must have an exercise price of no less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock and a term that does not exceed . 
 
 There were options outstanding under the 2024 Incentive Plan as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 QT Imaging Incentive Plan 
 
 In September 2021, the Board of Directors approved and the Company adopted the Plan (the QT Imaging Plan ). The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that the Company may award under the QT Imaging Plan was . The term of the QT Imaging Plan was originally years. The QT Imaging Plan was 
 30 

years and may be subject to vesting conditions, as determined by the Administrator. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company or any subsidiary that is a subsidiary corporation within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code. The exercise price of any stock option award cannot be less than fair market value of the Company s common stock, provided, however, that an incentive stock option granted to an employee who owns more than of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary, must have an exercise price of no less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock and a term that does not exceed . Vesting is subject to the option holder s continued service to the Company, ranging up to a period. Unvested options are subject to forfeiture upon termination of employment. On March 4, 2024, the QT Imaging Plan was terminated in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and the options to purchase shares of common stock were cancelled at the close of the Business Combination in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Granted under the 2024 Incentive Plan Cancelled ) Terminated pursuant to Business Combination Agreement ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of options were granted to employees and nonemployees with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share. There were options granted during three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Expected option term (years) Expected volatility Risk-free rate of return Expected annual dividend yield 
 
 Option pricing models require the input of various subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The expected stock price volatility is based on the analysis of volatilities of the Company s selected public peer group over a period commensurate with the expected term of the options. The expected term of employee options represents the weighted-average period the options are expected to remain outstanding and was derived using the simplified method for awards that qualify for its plain-vanilla options. All awards that are outstanding are qualified for plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury interest rates whose term in consistent with the expected life of the stock options. No dividend yield is included as the Company has not issued any dividends and do not anticipate issuing any dividends in the future. 
 
 31 

Selling, general and administrative 
 stock-based compensation expense was capitalized to inventory for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to all nonvested stock options was and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized is years. 
 
 13. 
 as a subaward through the Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois for the purpose of developing a quantitative ultrasound breast scanner for identifying early response of breast cancer to chemotherapy. The grant is a cost reimbursement subaward that is allocated annually over , subject to the availability of funds and satisfactory progress of the project. The award expires July 31, 2027 and may be terminated by either party with days written notice. Any grant proceeds received do not require repayment. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company incurred total costs of against the year one allocation of and against the year two allocation of . During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company incurred costs of , of which of grant income was recognized as an offset to research and development expense and was recognized as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred costs of , of which of grant income was recognized as an offset to research and development expense and was recognized as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company incurred costs of , of which of grant income was recognized as an offset to research and development expense and was recognized as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred costs of , of which of grant income was recognized as an offset to research and development expense and was recognized as an offset to selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the grant receivable was and , respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 14. 
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company expects that its effective tax rate for the full year 2024 will be . 
 
 15. 
 convertible notes to of its stockholders for advances up to in principal (the 2020 Notes and bearing annual interest of on any amounts drawn. An additional note was issued in March 2022 as part of the 2020 Notes, but with an annual interest rate of . All principal and interest payments are due on or before July 1, 2025. The 2020 Notes are convertible, at the holder s option, into shares of common stock of the Company at the lower of per share or the offering price in a financing of at least in equity from unaffiliated parties. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate o f s hares of common stock would be issued if the entire principal and interest under the 2020 Notes was converted. Management assessed 
 32 

and accrued interest of and , respectively. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. Interest expen se for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. 
 Working Capital Loan and Extension Note 
 On May 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note to a stockholder for a principal amount of . The Working Capital Note was subsequently amended and restated times on June 12, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , August 15, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , August 29, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , September 12, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , September 15, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , and October 26, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of , for an aggregate principal amount outstanding as of September 30, 2024 under the Working Capital Note of . The Working Capital Note was issued to provide the Company with additional working capital during the period prior to consummation of the Business Combination Agreement with GigCapital5. The Working Capital Note is interest-free and originally matured on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummated the Business Combination with GigCapital5; (ii) the date the Company winds up; or (iii) December 31, 2023. The Working Capital Note may be prepaid without penalty. On March 4, 2024, the holder of the Working Capital Note agreed to extend and subordinate the promissory note pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. Effective on the Closing of the Business Combination, the Working Capital Note cannot be repaid prior to the repayment or conversion of the Yorkville Note received from Yorkville (see Note 8). 
 
 On March 4, 2024, the Company assumed the outstanding debt balance due to a related party (the Extension Note pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. The Extension Note does not bear any interest and cannot be repaid prior to the repayment of the Yorkville Note received from Yorkville. See Note 16 regarding the surrender and cancellation of the Extension Note. 
 Management Services and Business Associate Agreement 
 In September 2020, QT Imaging entered into a Management Services Agreement (the Agreement and a Business Associate Agreement with John C. Klock, M.D., a California sole proprietorship operating as the QT Imaging Center (the Practice ). John C. Klock, M.D. was the Chief Executive Officer of QT Imaging, serves on its Board of Directors, and was the largest single stockholder of QT Imaging. The Practice provided medical imaging to patients using the QT Breast Scanner. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to provide business services to the Practice including use of the facility which formerly operated as the Marin Breast Health Trial Center, including furniture and medical equipment, as well as use of certain personnel. In exchange for those services, the Practice agreed to pay the Company a management fee. Fees paid to QT Imaging during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. Fees paid to QT Imaging during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. These fees were recorded as a reduction to selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no significant purchases made by the Practice. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no significant amounts due from the Practice. This Agreement was terminated and replaced by the Space and Equipment Sublease Agreement on April 17, 2024 and Services Agreement on April 5, 2024. 
 
 Services Agreement 
 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company entered into that certain Services Agreement (the Services Agreement with the Practice dated as of April 1, 2024 pursuant to which the Practice agreed to provide its services to the Company, including but not limited to providing healthcare services to patients, assisting with clinical trials and studies and assisting with drafting of institutional review board approved clinical protocols, assisting with the performance of research and development activities on behalf of the Company, providing comprehensive multi-day training on the operation of breast imaging technology for radiologist customers and other customer staff such as technicians, performing clinical validation of imaging software changes which may include recruiting patients, training personnel on the operation of the Company s imaging technology, as well as other services as specified in the Services 
 33 

unless earlier terminated and shall auto-renew for successive periods, unless otherwise terminated. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and in accordance with the Services Agreement with a related party, respectively. 
 
 Space and Equipment Sublease Agreement 
 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into a Space and Equipment Sublease Agreement (the Space and Equipment Sublease with the Practice, pursuant to which the Practice will sublease certain medical equipment and space, currently leased from Hamilton Landing Novato LLC by the Company, to the Practice for use in its operations, on a full-time and exclusive basis. The Practice shall pay to the Company a rental fee (the Rent for the Subleased Space (as defined in the Space and Equipment Sublease) on a monthly basis, payable on the first day of each month and no later than thereafter, with the Rent to be pro-rated for any partial month. The parties have determined that the Rent equals the fair market value of the Subleased Space and Subleased Equipment (as defined in the Space and Equipment Sublease), without taking into account the proximity of the parties or the space to any source, volume or value of referrals between the parties or any patient thereof. Further, the Practice shall pay when due all sales, use, personal property, leasing, excise or other fees, taxes, charges or withholdings of any kind imposed against the Company, the Practice or the Subleased Equipment with respect to the Space and Equipment Sublease, the Subleased Equipment, or any related fees, receipts or earnings, including local taxes and personal property taxes. The term of the Space and Equipment Sublease is unless terminated and shall auto-renew for successive periods, unless otherwise terminated. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and of sublease income in other income (expense), net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 In July 2023, an order was placed and a downpayment of was made for a breast imaging system by 303 Development Corporation (the Foundation ). The executive director of the Foundation is a current investor and a was a previous board member of the Company. In September 2023, an additional was paid towards the purchase. In June 2024, the Company cancelled this order and refunded the full deposit of to the related party. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a deferred revenue balance of and , respectively, related to this order. 
 
 16. 
 
 plus the Payment Premium plus accrued and unpaid interest as of each such payment date. Such monthly payments will not be reduced or offset by any amount, including, but not limited to, any net sales proceeds of the Company Shares or any value of the Company Shares based on the VWAP as quoted by Bloomberg, LP. Further, pursuant to the terms of the Second Amendment, the Company has elected to reduce the Floor Price to per share, effective as of the date of the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment also provides that in the event that the Company s common stock is delisted from trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Yorkville consents to the occurrence of such delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market, if it is to happen, and that it will not constitute an Event of Default as defined per the Omnibus Amendment, provided that (i) the Company uses its best efforts to have its common stock relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market as soon as possible and (ii) the Company s common stock is listed on the OTC Markets OTCQX or OTCQB market tiers within 30 days in the event that a delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market occurs. 
 
 On November 4, 2024 , Yorkville converted of outstanding principal into shares of common stock with an applicable conversion price of per share . The principal balance of the Yorkville Note was following the conversion notice received from Yorkville. 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company and certain related parties entered into a securities purchase agreement as a PIPE for the issuance of shares of common stock plus warrants for the purchase of common stock with an aggregate 
 34 

in exchange for shares of common stock at an issuance price of per share and warrants with an exercise price of per share, the closing of which sale will occur by November 29, 2024. The holder of the Extension Note is one of the purchasers under the securities purchase agreement and will be surrendering the Extension Note for cancellation in its entirety in exchange for the purchase of shares of common stock and warrants for the purchase of common stock with a purchase price of . 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this report (this Quarterly Report to we, our, us, QT Imaging , QT Imaging Holdings or the Company and other similar terms refer to QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis provides information which QT Imaging Holding s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read the following discussion and analysis of QT Imaging Holdings financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, and statements in Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds regarding the intended use of proceeds from the Private Placement (as such term is defined below), are forward-looking statements and the expected date of closing of the Private Placement. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek, may, might, plan, possible, potential, should, would and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section in Part II, Item 1A. of this Quarterly Report, the Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 25, 2024 (our Annual Report and in any more recent filings with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a medical device company founded in 2012 and engaged in the research, development, and commercialization of innovative body imaging systems using low energy sound. We believe that medical imaging is critical to the detection, diagnosis, and treatment of disease and that it should be safe, affordable, and accessible. Our goal is to improve global health outcomes through the development and commercialization of imaging devices that address critical healthcare challenges with accuracy and precision. 
 
 With the support of nearly 18 million in financial support from the U.S. National Institutes of Health, we developed a novel, comprehensive body imaging technology that has high resolution, high sensitivity, high specificity, high positive and negative predictive values, and is safe and inexpensive. The technology is based on ultra-low frequency transmitted sound and uses a one-of-a-kind novel sound back-scatter design and inverse-scattering reconstruction to create its images. 
 
 Our current QT Breast Scanner is a Class II device subject to premarket notification and clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). On August 23, 2016, we (formerly, QT Ultrasound LLC) submitted a Section 510(K) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness application for the QT Breast Scanner in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 under 510(K) Number K162372. As part of meeting the general requirements for basic safety and essential performance of the QT Breast Scanner (formerly, QT Ultrasound Breast Scanner) pursuant to AAMI ES60601-1:2005/(R)2012 and A1:2012 Medical electrical equipment, testing was conducted by Intertek, an independent testing laboratory, located in Menlo Park, CA. Intertek also conducted applicable testing pursuant to IEC 60601-1-6 Edition 3.1 2013-10-Medical electrical equipment Part 1-6 General requirements for safety - Collateral Standard: Usability. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we conducted, and Intertek witnessed, all applicable testing pertaining to the requirements for the safety of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring equipment and to demonstrate compliance with the Acoustic Output Measurement Standard for Diagnostic Ultrasound Equipment . This test on acoustic output was pursuant to IEC 60601-2-37 Edition 2.0.2007 Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring equipment. Finally, system verification testing was conducted to ensure that the QT Breast Scanner met all design and other requirements including but not limited to that no new issues of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate device, SoftVue System manufactured by Delphinus Medical Technologies, were raised. 
 Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all our financial resources to acquiring and developing the base technology for our body imaging systems, conducting research and development activities, securing related intellectual property rights, and for general corporate operations and growth. On June 6, 2017, the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), in response to QT s Section 510(K) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness premarket notification, determined that the QT Breast Scanner is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Our use of the words safe , safety , effectiveness , and efficacy in relation to the QT Breast Scanner in this Management's Discussion and Analysis and all other documents related to us is limited to the context of the Section 510(K) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness that was reviewed and responded to by the FDA. 
 Our strategies to commercializing the QT Breast Scanner include the following: 
 Create disruptive innovation using technology (software, artificial intelligence, and smart physics) to improve medical imaging and thus health care quality and access. 
 Continue to improve our high quality, high resolution, native 3D, reproducible image quality regardless of operator or breast size/tissue type breast imaging technology, as well as the techniques for quantifiable analysis, comparison, and training. 
 Partner with strategic business and distribution channels to address US market for breast imaging immediately and, other regions in the future, to place the QT Breast Scanner in hospitals, radiology centers, etc. and generate awareness of the benefits of QT Imaging technology. 
 Perform small scale manufacturing internally to the Company and partner strategically for large scale manufacturing. 
 Introduce the first comprehensive body-safe imaging technology into the marketplace, enabling for the first-time well-person body imaging health screening, and the first health screening medical imaging for infants. 
 Expand the market by supporting additional Direct-to-Customer and Direct-to-Patient approaches to enable the ability to lower health care costs and increase access via personal medical imaging. 
 Provide a new social and economic opportunity for consumers to take control of some aspects of their own health care such as imaging for minor injuries or medical conditions without needing a healthcare gate-keeper. 
 Focus our intellectual capabilities and ethical framework to become unified in our mission to improve the quality and lower the cost of health care world-wide . . . It s about time. 
 
 Consistent with our strategy, on May 31, 2023, we entered into a confidential Sales Agent Agreement (the NXC Agreement with NXC Imaging, Inc. NXC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc. CMSU ), pursuant to which we appointed NXC as the non-exclusive agent for the sale of QT Imaging products and services in non-exclusive territories: the U.S., U.S. territories, and U.S. Department of Defense installations. Additionally, NXC was appointed as the exclusive servicer of QT Imaging products sold by NXC under the terms of the NXC Agreement. Effective June 10, 2024, the NXC Agreement was superseded by the Distribution Agreement that was entered into with NXC on June 18, 2024 (the Distribution Agreement ). Under the Distribution Agreement, NXC is appointed as the exclusive reseller to market, advertise, and resell QT Breast Scanners in the U.S. and U.S. territories. NXC will purchase for the purpose of reselling, leasing or renting QT Breast Scanners directly to its customers, but is not obligated to purchase any particular quantity of QT Breast Scanners from us. We have reserved the right to sell directly to customers as an exception. Furthermore, we may, in our sole discretion, sell the QT Breast Sacnners to any other person or entity anywhere in the world without notice to NXC or NXC s prior consent. NXC is also allowed to assign sales agents for the purpose of QT Breast Scanner sales. NXC s purchases will be in accordance with an agreed upon product pricing schedule (subject to change upon 60 days prior written notice by us), provided that neither NXC nor its assigned sales agents may mark-up the cost of the QT Breast Scanners more than twenty percent (20 unless otherwise mutually agreed to between NXC and us. Each order will include information reasonably requested by us and is subject to our acceptance, after which it becomes an approved order. Any such approved orders are non-cancellable and not subject to rescheduling after acceptance by us. Any orders not accepted by us in writing are deemed rejected. As of September 30, 2024, we have delivered six QT Breast Scanners to NXC s customers pursuant to NXC Agreement and Distribution Agreement. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We have also entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Canon Letter of Intent ), with CMSU and Canon Medical Systems, Inc. CMSC pursuant to which four binding purchase orders delivered in January 2024 to QT Imaging for the acquisition by CMSC of two QT Breast Scanners, with 50 of the payment for the QT Breast Scanners having taken place on January 31, 2024 and the remaining payment and the shipment of the two QT Breast Scanners occurred by April 15, 2024, which were delivered to CMSU in March 2024. CMSC will also use QT Breast scanners that it is acquiring to perform clinical trials towards the possibility of it pursuing the regulatory approval process in Japan. 
 
 On March 28, 2024, we entered into a Feasibility Study Agreement (the Feasibility Study Agreement with CMSC, a company organized and existing under the laws of Japan Canon ). The term of the Feasibility Study Agreement commenced on March 28, 2024 and shall remain in force until the end of December 2024 or until the execution of a definitive agreement that clearly supersedes the Feasibility Study Agreement, whichever comes earlier. In connection with the Feasibility Study Agreement, CMSC will initiate studies to evaluate the business, technical, and clinical values of our ultrasound QT Breast Scanner including product quality validation, development and manufacturing studies, clinical evaluation, regulatory investigation, and market validation. CMSC has no right to reverse engineer the QT Breast Scanner and may only modify and disassemble the QT Breast Scanner as necessary to conduct the feasibility study. 
 
 Upon successful conclusion of the feasibility study, we and CMSC intend to engage in a good faith discussion to develop a binding Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM agreement with CMSC, with such agreement targeted for execution in the fourth quarter of 2024. Under the contemplated OEM agreement, CMSC will commercialize and service the QT Breast Scanner worldwide, with Cano n-branded systems to be sold exclusively through Canon global channels, including by NXC as provided for in the NXC Agreement, and a license fee to be mutually agreed upon to be paid to us for each system sold by Canon or its partners. The parties also intend that CMSU will leverage the contemplated OEM agreement to source QT Breast Scanners for sale in the U.S. on terms to be mutually agreed upon. 
 We have incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of 32,122,605 as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a net loss of 9,166,958 and used 8,806,402 of cash in operating activities, which includes the repayment of net liabilities assumed from the business combination. We continue to incur losses, and our ability to achieve and sustain profitability will depend on the achievement of sufficient revenues to support our cost structure. We may never achieve profitability and, unless and until we do, we will need to continue to raise additional capital. 
 We expect to incur additional recurring administrative expenses associated as a publicly traded company, including costs associated with compliance under the Exchange Act, annual and quarterly reports to stockholders, transfer agent fees, audit fees, incremental director and officer liability insurance costs, Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance readiness, and director and officer compensation. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 On November 15, 2023, we entered into the SEPA with GigCapital5 and Yorkville, pursuant to which, upon the closing of the Business Combination, QTI Holdings can sell to Yorkville up to 50.0 million of QTI Holdings common stock at QTI Holdings request any time during the 36 months following the closing of the Business Combination. In addition, pursuant to the SEPA, we were entitled to and did request the Pre-Paid Advance from Yorkville and issued Yorkville the Yorkville Note in the amount of 10.0 million at the closing of the Business Combination for such Pre-Paid Advance. As consideration for the Pre-Paid Advance, immediately prior to, and substantially concurrently with, the Closing of the Business Combination, we issued to Yorkville the Company Shares which were that number of QT Imaging shares which converted in the aggregate into 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the completion of the Business Combination. On March 4, 2024, we received the Pre-Paid Advance of 9,025,000 from Yorkville and issued Yorkville the Yorkville Note that was originally due 15 months from the date of issuance, and accrues interest on the outstanding balance of the Yorkville Note at an annual rate equal to 6 , subject to an increase to 18 upon an event of default as described in the Yorkville Note. The Yorkville Note is convertible by Yorkville into shares of our common stock. 
 
 On September 13, 2024, a Trigger Event occurred under the terms of the Yorkville Note that resulted in the Company making a payment of 1,521,581 to Yorkville, which comprised of 1,145,407 of principal, 318,904 of accrued interest, and 57,170 of 5 early payment premium. On September 26, 2024, the Company and Yorkville entered into the Omnibus Amendment, pursuant to which the Company and Yorkville agreed to amend certain terms of the Yorkville Note to reduce the Company s obligations resulting from the occurrence of the Trigger Event. Pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment, the maturity date of the Yorkville Note was extended approximately six months from June 4, 2025 to December 15, 2025. Further, the Omnibus Amendment acknowledges the Company s obligation to make monthly payments to Yorkville d in the amount of the Trigger Principal Amount due to the occurrence of the Trigger Event and revised the Yorkville Note to 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 provide that no further monthly payments will be owed during the period beginning on the date of the Omnibus Amendment and ending on January 15, 2025. In exchange for this relief, beginning on January 15, 2025, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month until and including November 15, 2025, whether or not a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing as of such dates, the Company will make monthly payments in an amount equal to 500,000 of principal plus the payment premium of 5 and accrued and unpaid interest under the Yorkville Note as of each payment date. Such monthly payments will not be reduced or offset by any amount, including, but not limited to, any net sales proceeds of the Company Shares or any value of the Company Shares based on the volume-weighted average price as quoted by Bloomberg, LP. The Omnibus Amendment also provided that 100 of the proceeds of the sale of the remaining 400,000 Company Shares held at the time of entry into the Omnibus Amendment by Yorkville shall be retained by Yorkville and shall not be used to offset or reduce any amounts owed under the Yorkville Note, as amended by the Omnibus Amendment, or to otherwise benefit the Company in any way. The Omnibus Amendment also provides that in the event that the Company s common stock is delisted from trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Yorkville consents to the occurrence of such delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market, if it is to happen, and that it will not constitute an Event of Default as per the Omnibus Amendment, provided that (i) the Company uses its best efforts to have its common stock relisted on The Nasdaq Capital Market as soon as possible and (ii) the Company s common stock is listed on the OTC Markets OTCQX market tier within 30 days in the event that a delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market occurs. 
 
 On October 31, 2024, the Company and Yorkville executed the Second Amendment, pursuant to which the maturity date of the Yorkville Note was extended from December 15, 2025 to March 31, 2026. Further, the Second Amendment acknowledges the Company s obligation to make monthly payments to Yorkville in the amount of the Trigger Principal Amount due to the occurrence of the Trigger Event and no further monthly payments will be owed during the period beginning on the date of the Second Amendment and ending on February 15, 2025. In exchange for this relief, beginning on February 15, 2025, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month until and including February 15, 2026, whether or not a Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing as of such dates, the Company will make monthly payments in an amount equal to 500,000 plus the Payment Premium plus accrued and unpaid interest as of each such payment date. Such monthly payments will not be reduced or offset by any amount, including, but not limited to, any net sales proceeds of the Company Shares or any value of the Company Shares based on the VWAP as quoted by Bloomberg, LP. Further, pursuant to the terms of the Second Amendment, the Company has elected to reduce the Floor Price to 0.50 per share, effective as of the date of the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment also provides that in the event that the Company s common stock is delisted from trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Yorkville consents to the occurrence of such delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market, if it is to happen, and that it will not constitute an Event of Default as defined per the Omnibus Amendment, provided that (i) the Company uses its best efforts to have its common stock relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market as soon as possible and (ii) the Company s common stock is listed on the OTC Markets OTCQX or OTCQB market tiers within 30 days in the event that a delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market occurs. 
 
 On November 4, 2024, Yorkville converted 254,593 of outstanding principal into 384,059 shares of common stock with an applicable conversion price of 0.6629 per share. The principal balance of the Yorkville Note was 8,600,000 following the conversion notice received from Yorkville. 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company and certain related parties entered into a securities purchase agreement as a PIPE for the issuance of shares of common stock plus warrants for the purchase of common stock with an aggregate purchase price of 2,560,000 in exchange for 4,383,558 shares of common stock at an issuance price of 0.584 per share and 4,383,558 warrants with an exercise price of 0.672 per share. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Revenue consists of revenue from the sale of our products including the QT Breast Scanner, accessories, and related services, which are primarily training and maintenance. For sales of products (which include the QT Breast Scanner and any accessories), revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of the promised goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods. Service revenue is generally related to maintenance and training the customer. Service revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those services. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of our product costs, including manufacturing costs, personnel costs and benefits, duties and other applicable importing costs, shipping and handling costs, packaging, warranty replacement costs, fulfillment costs and inventory obsolescence and write-offs. We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars and decrease as a 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 percentage of revenues over time as we shift to new manufacturing processes and vendors that we anticipate will result in greater efficiency and lower per unit costs. 
 We expect we will continue to invest additional resources into our products to expand and further develop our offerings. The level and timing of investment in these areas could affect our cost of revenue in the future. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the research and development of our products, which include payroll and payroll related expenses, facilities costs, depreciation expense, materials and supplies, and consultant costs. 
 We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which such costs are incurred. Research and development activities are central to our business. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in the development of the QT Breast Scanner and devote significant resources to the research and development of the full-body scanner product candidate intended for orthopedic and pediatric use. 
 As of the date of this Form 10-Q, we cannot reasonably determine the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the enhancements of the QT Breast Scanner, or estimate the nature, timing and costs that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, the full-body scanner product candidate. The process of conducting the necessary research and development to obtain regulatory approval of a product candidate is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. Our research and development expenses may vary significantly based on factors such as, without limitation: 
 The timing and progress of development activities; 
 Our ability to maintain our current research and development programs and to establish new ones; 
 The receipt of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities without the need for independent clinical trials or validation; 
 Duration of subject participation in any trials and follow-ups; 
 The countries and jurisdictions in which the trials are conducted; 
 Length of time required to enroll eligible subjects and initiate trials; 
 Per trial subject costs; 
 Number of trials required for regulatory approval; 
 The timing, receipt, and terms of any marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 The success of our distribution arrangements, and our ability to establish new licensing or collaboration arrangements; 
 Establishing contract manufacturing partnerships or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 
 The hiring and retention of research and development personnel; 
 Obtaining, maintaining, defending, and enforcing intellectual property rights; and 
 The phases of development of our product candidates. 
 Any changes in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of our products or product candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of these products and product candidates. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, costs related to maintenance and filings of intellectual property, and other expenses for outside professional services, including legal, consulting, investor relations, audit and accounting services. Our personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses include facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 direct or allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and insurance. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include consulting expenses and costs for conferences, meetings, and other events. 
 We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase to support our expanding headcount and operations, increased costs of operating as a public company, the development of a commercial infrastructure to support commercialization of our products and product candidates, increased support for existing and new distribution partner relationships, and the use of outside service providers such as insurers, consultants, lawyers, and accountants. We also expect selling expenses to increase in the near term as we promote our brand through marketing and advertising initiatives, expand market presence and hire additional personnel to drive penetration and generate leads. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 For Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 2024 2023 
 Revenue 
 955,970 24,657 931,313 N.M. Cost of revenue 
 350,667 23,799 326,868 N.M. Gross profit (loss) 
 605,303 858 604,445 N.M. Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 925,214 311,829 613,385 197 Selling, general and administrative 
 2,007,277 932,124 1,075,153 115 Total operating expenses 
 2,932,491 1,243,953 1,688,538 136 Loss from operations 
 (2,327,188) (1,243,095) (1,084,093) (87) Other income (expense), net 
 16,995 16,995 100 Change in fair value of warrant liability 8,805 8,805 100 Change in fair value of derivative liability 87,200 87,200 100 Change in fair value of earnout liability 50,000 50,000 100 Interest expense, net 
 (1,455,306) (132,844) (1,322,462) (995) Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (3,619,494) (1,375,939) (2,243,555) (163) 
 N.M. - Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased by 931,313 to 955,970 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 24,657 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the sale of two QT Breast Scanners in the third quarter of 2024 as compared with no scanners sold in the third quarter of 2023 due to the timing of sales orders received, availability of scanners that were earmarked and ready for sale to customers, and the result of our ongoing commercialization effort in 2024. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue increased by 326,868 to 350,667 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 23,799 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable to the sale of two QT Breast Scanners in the third quarter of 2024 as compared with no scanners sold in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by 613,385 to 925,214 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 311,829 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in employee compensation costs of 380,731 and professional and outside services costs of 153,529 and a decrease in grant income from the National Institute of Health of 137,827, which was partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 97,717. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 1,075,153 to 2,007,277 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 932,124 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This change was primarily attributable to an increase in employee compensation costs of 688,243, insurance costs of 231,277, and information technology cost of 101,381. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 16,995 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were no other income (expense) during the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the sublease of our equipment and office with a related party and effective date of April 1, 2024. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability was 8,805 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The change in fair value of warrants relates to the liability classified private placement warrants and working capital note warrants and reflects the decrease of the publicly traded price per warrant during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 Change in the fair value of derivative liability was 87,200 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The change in fair value of derivatives was primarily driven by the decline in the value of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liability 
 
 Change in the fair value of earnout liability was 50,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The earnout liability relates to the contingent consideration for the Merger Earnout Consideration Shares pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated December 8, 2022, as amended in September of 2023. We did not have an earnout liability during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased by 1,322,462 to 1,455,306 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 132,844 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This change is primarily driven by an increase in the amortization of debt discount of 1,203,363 for the Pre-Paid Advance and the Cable Car Promissory Note and interest expense of 149,676 for the Pre-Paid Advance. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 
 2024 2023 
 Revenue 
 4,032,168 35,404 3,996,764 N.M. Cost of revenue 
 1,792,234 73,497 1,718,737 N.M. Gross profit (loss) 
 2,239,934 (38,093) 2,278,027 N.M. Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 2,492,842 1,083,373 1,409,469 130 Selling, general and administrative 
 9,873,029 3,072,720 6,800,309 221 Total operating expenses 
 12,365,871 4,156,093 8,209,778 198 Loss from operations 
 (10,125,937) (4,194,186) (5,931,751) (141) Other income (expense), net 
 (191,330) (191,330) (100) Change in fair value of warrant liability 199,624 199,624 100 Change in fair value of derivative liability 4,800,000 4,800,000 100 Change in fair value of earnout liability (700,000) (700,000) (100) Interest expense, net 
 (3,149,315) (394,714) (2,754,601) N.M. Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (9,166,958) (4,588,900) (4,578,058) (100) 
 N.M. - Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased by 3,996,764 to 4,032,168 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 35,404 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the sale of nine QT Breast Scanners in the first nine months of 2024 as compared with no scanners sold in the first nine months of 2023 due to the timing of sales orders received, availability of scanners that were earmarked and ready for sale to customers, and the result of our ongoing commercialization effort in 2024. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased by 1,718,737 to 1,792,234 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 73,497 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable to the sale of nine QT Breast Scanners in the first nine months of 2024 as compared with no scanners sold in the first nine months of 2023, which was partially offset by inventory write-offs in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by 1,409,469 to 2,492,842 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1,083,373 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in employee compensation costs of 822,538 and professional and outside services costs of 427,494, and decrease in grant income from the National Institute of Health of 207,603. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 6,800,309 to 9,873,029 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 3,072,720 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change was primarily attributable to increases in non-recurring transaction expenses of 3,944,924 related to the business combination, professional and outside services costs of 363,432, non-recurring recruiting and employee conversion costs of 143,000, employee compensation costs of 1,314,537, insurance costs of 545,530, information technology costs of 200,769, and travel costs of 94,123. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 191,330 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were no other income (expense) during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a modification expense of 200,513 related to the decrease in exercise price of our private placement warrants and working capital note warrants. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability was 199,624 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change in fair value of warrants relates to the liability classified private placement warrants and working capital note warrants and reflects the decrease of the publicly traded price per warrant during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 Change in the fair value of derivative liability was 4,800,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change in fair value of derivatives was primarily driven by the decline in the value of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liability 
 
 Change in the fair value of earnout liability was 700,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The earnout liability relates to the contingent consideration for the Merger Earnout Consideration Shares pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated December 8, 2022, as amended in September of 2023. We did not have an earnout liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased by 2,754,601 to 3,149,315 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 394,714 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change is primarily driven by an increase in the amortization of debt discount of 2,404,031 for the Bridge Loans, the Pre-Paid Advance, the Cable Car Promissory Note and the Extension Note, an increase in interest expense of 343,648 for the Pre-Paid Advance, and an increase in interest of 160,000 paid in cash related to the Bridge Loans, partially offset by decrease in interest expense of 66,442 related to the US Capital Note. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Liquidity describes our ability to meet financial obligations which arise during the normal course of business. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, issuances of convertible notes and other debt, and grants from the U.S. government. We expect to derive future liquidity primarily through our revenues with customers and sale of equity securities. Our current liquidity position consists of cash on hand and certificates of deposit. 
 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 32,122,605 and 17,770,145, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents of 1,564,169 and 184,686, respectively. Our primary uses of cash are for general working capital requirements, and capital expenditures. Cash flows from operations have been historically negative as we invested in product development, clinical trials, and manufacturing. We expect to be cash flow negative for the foreseeable future, although we may have quarterly results where cash flows from operations are positive. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into various agreements to obtain financing through the issuance of debt and through stock subscription agreements. In March of 2024, we received the Pre-Paid Advance net of issuance costs of 9,025,000 from Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA and issued Yorkville the Yorkville Note in the amount of 10.0 million for such Pre-Paid Advance, 500,000 of cash proceeds from an investor related to a stock subscription agreement, and 1,500,000 in cash proceeds through a note payable from Cable Car. The SEPA provides us with access to an additional 40 million of potential capital through the issuance of common stock to Yorkville. During the time we have a balance under the Yorkville Note, advances can be received under the SEPA with written consent of Yorkville or upon a trigger event, which following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 that we filed to register the shares to be issued pursuant to the SEPA occurs when the daily volume-weighted average price is less than the Floor Price 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 (as such term is defined in the Yorkville Note) for five consecutive trading days, which prior to October 31, 2024, was 0.8768 per share. As previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 13, 2024, a trigger event occurred on September 11, 2024, following which on September 13, 2024, the Company made a payment to Yorkville on the Yorkville Note of 1,521,581 which included 1,145,407 as repayment of principal. See Yorkville Pre-Paid Advance below for a further discussion of the effect of this trigger event and an amendment to the documents pertaining to the Yorkville Note. On November 12, 2024 the Company executed a securities purchase agreement with related parties for the purchase of common stock as a PIPE with an aggregate purchase price of 2.56 million PIPE, which includes surrender and cancellation of the 1,560,000 outstanding balance of the Extension Note from a related party (see Related Party Working Capital Loan and Extension Note below). The closing of the PIPE will occur by November 29, 2024. We believe that the additional cash received from PIPE and the financing arrangement under the SEPA and the Yorkville Note will be sufficient to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the timing and cost of establishing additional sales and marketing capabilities, and the timing and cost to introduce new and enhanced products. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. Any additional debt financing obtained by us in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, if we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership of the Company, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 On February 24, 2021 and May 5, 2020, we received PPP Loans from US Bank to fund payroll, rent and utilities through the Paycheck Protection Program. We received partial forgiveness on the PPP Loans during fiscal year 2021. The remaining balances on the PPP Loans are being repaid on a monthly basis, with interest of 1 per annum and the final payment due in February 2026. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the total principal outstanding under the PPP Loans was 128,699, of which 105,733 was current and 22,966 was noncurrent. As of December 31, 2023, the total principal outstanding under the PPP Loans was 226,348, of which 130,366 was current and 95,982 was noncurrent. 
 Convertible Notes Payable 
 In June 2021, we entered into a convertible promissory note agreement (the Note with USCG for advances of up to 10,000,000. We could have made advances on the Note up to six months after the inception of the Note unless extensions for advances were mutually agreed between both parties. The Note bore interest at 12 per annum on any amounts drawn with a maturity date of July 6, 2024. The Note was collateralized by all our assets and was guaranteed by QT Labs. The terms of the Note include non-financial covenants and, as of March 4, 2024 when the Note converted, we were in compliance with those covenants. Through December 31, 2023, we issued warrants in connection with the note to purchase a total of 5,091 shares of common stock which 3,540 shares are exercisable at a price of 12.40 per share and 1,551 shares are exercisable at a price of 11.67 per share. On March 4, 2024, these warrants were terminated in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement. 
 The Note was convertible, at our option, before the Note matured upon the closing of a single transaction or a series of transactions with a minimum of 15,000,000 of cash proceeds raised in the aggregate. If elected, the conversion price is 90 of the price per share in the qualified financing. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the total Note and US Capital Note balance was 3,294,659 net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 36,194, and accrued interest of 50,037. 
 On March 4, 2024, the Note principal and related accrued interest balance of 3,233,388 and the US Capital Note principal balance of 200,000 (as further discussed below under the Bridge Loan section) was converted into 359,266 and 100,000 shares of our common stock, respectively. Additionally, warrants to purchase 16,320 shares of our common stock were net settled into 5,594 shares of our common stock. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Bridge Loan 
 In November 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and raised the private secured Bridge Loan in the aggregate amount of 1,000,000 from five investors. Each Bridge Loan of 200,000 bore no interest but had a cash option value at the date maturity of 120 , or 240,000, of the Bridge Loan at each Bridge Lender s option. The maturity date was the closing date of the Business Combination as defined in Note 1. The Bridge Loan conversion was at 2.00 per share on a post-business combination. On March 4, 2024, 4 of the 5 Bridge Loan holders elected the cash option and were paid an aggregate of 960,000 on the Merger Date. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was 0 amount outstanding for the Bridge Loan. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of the Bridge Loan, excluding the US Capital Note, was 774,337, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 25,663. 
 
 Yorkville Pre-Paid Advance 
 
 On March 4, 2024, we received the Pre-Paid Advance of 10,000,000 from Yorkville and issued Yorkville the Yorkville Note in the amount of 10.0 million for such Pre-Paid Advance that was originally due 15 months from the date of issuance, and interest shall accrue on the outstanding balance of the Yorkville Note at an annual rate equal to 6 , subject to an increase to 18 upon an event of default as described in the Yorkville Note. The Yorkville Note is convertible by Yorkville into shares of our common stock. As consideration for the Pre-Paid Advance, immediately prior to, and substantially concurrently with, the closing of the Business Combination, QT Imaging issued to Yorkville that number of QT Imaging shares which converted in the aggregate into 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the completion of the Business Combination. 
 
 On September 13, 2024, we made a payment of 1,521,581 to Yorkville, which comprised of 1,145,407 of principal, 318,904 of accrued interest, and 57,270 of 5 early payment premium as a result of a trigger event occurring under the terms of the Yorkville Note. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, we and Yorkville entered into the Omnibus Amendment, pursuant to which we and Yorkville agreed to amend certain terms of the Yorkville Note to reduce our obligations resulting from certain trigger events. Pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment, the maturity date of the Yorkville Note was extended approximately six months from June 4, 2025 to December 15, 2025. Further, the Omnibus Amendment acknowledges our obligation to make monthly payments to Yorkville due to the occurrence of certain trigger events provided that no further monthly payments will be owed during the period beginning on the date of the Omnibus Amendment and ending on January 15, 2025. In exchange for this relief, beginning on January 15, 2025, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month until and including November 15, 2025, whether or not trigger events have occurred, we will make a monthly payment in an amount equal to 500,000 of principal plus a payment premium of 5 and unpaid accrued interest as of each payment date. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding amount of the Yorkville Note was 2,980,159 net of the unamortized discount of 5,874,434 and accrued interest of 24,744 . 
 
 On October 31, 2024 , we and Yorkville executed the Second Amendment, pursuant to which the maturity date of the Yorkville Note was extended from December 15, 2025 to March 31, 2026 . Further, the Second Amendment acknowledges our obligation to make monthly payments to Yorkville due to the occurrence of the certain trigger events and no further monthly payments will be owed during the period beginning on the date of the Second Amendment and ending on February 15, 2025 . In exchange for this relief, beginning on February 15, 2025 , and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month until and including February 15, 2026 , whether or not trigger events have occurred and are continuing as of such dates, we will make monthly payments in an amount equal to 500,000 of principal plus a payment premium of 5 and unpaid accrued interest as of each such payment date. Such monthly payments will not be reduced or offset by any amount, including, but not limited to, any net sales proceeds of the immediately prior to, and substantially concurrently with, the closing of the Business Combination, or any value of such shares based on the VWAP as quoted by Bloomberg, LP. Further, pursuant to the terms of the Second Amendment, we elected to reduce the Floor Price to 0.50 per share, effective as of the date of the Second Amendment. 
 
 On November 4, 2024 , Yorkville converted 254,593 of outstanding principal into 384,059 shares of common stock with an applicable conversion price of 0.6629 per share . The principal balance of the Yorkville Note was 8,600,000 following the conversion notice received from Yorkville. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Cable Car Loan 
 In February 2024, we and GigCapital5 entered into the Cable Car Loan with Cable Car, pursuant to which Cable Car agreed to advance 1,500,000 at the closing of the Business Combination, as was evidenced by a promissory note that may be convertible in certain circumstances into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 2.00 per share, dated March 4, 2024, by and between us and Cable Car. The Loan does not bear interest, and is due and payable 13 months after issuance, unless the time for payment is accelerated as a result of an event of default. As full compensation to Cable Car for the Loan to us in lieu of any simple or in-kind interest on the Loan, QT Imaging issued to Cable Car that number of QT Imaging shares of common stock which at the completion of the Business Combination would be converted in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement into 180,000 shares of our common stock. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding amount of the Cable Car Loan was 1,247,374 net of issuance costs of 252,626. 
 Related Party Convertible Notes Payable 
 In July 2020, we issued three convertible notes to three of its stockholders for advances up to 3,500,000 in principal (the 2020 Notes and bearing annual interest of 5 on any amounts drawn. An additional note was issued in March 2022 as part of the 2020 Notes, but with an annual interest rate of 8 . All principal and interest payments are due on or before July 1, 2025. The 2020 Notes are convertible, at the holder s option, into shares of common stock at the lower of 14.59 per share or the offering price in a financing of at least 5,000,000 in equity from unaffiliated parties. As of September 30, 2024 , an aggregate of 250,224 shares of common stock would be issued if the entire principal and interest under the 2020 Notes was converted. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of the 2020 Notes was 3,143,725 and accrued interest of 507,029 and 377,772, respectively. 
 Related Party Working Capital Loan and Extension Note 
 On May 3, 2023, we issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note to a stockholder for a principal amount of 250,000. The Working Capital Note was subsequently amended and restated six times on June 12, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 100,000, August 15, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 75,000, August 29, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 100,000, September 12, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 75,000, September 15, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 50,000, and October 26, 2023 to add an additional principal amount of 55,000, for an aggregate principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2023 under the Working Capital Note of 705,000. The Working Capital Note was issued to provide us with additional working capital during the period prior to consummation of the Business Combination Agreement with GigCapital5. The Working Capital Note is interest-free and originally matured on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummated the Business Combination with GigCapital5, Inc.; (ii) the date we wind up; or (iii) December 31, 2023. On March 4, 2024, the Working Capital Note was agreed to be amended and subordinated pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. Effective on the closing of the Business Combination, the Working Capital Note cannot be repaid prior to the repayment or conversion of the Yorkville Note issued to Yorkville. 
 
 On March 4, 2024, we assumed the 1,560,000 outstanding balance of the Extension Note from a related party and pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. The Extension Note does not bear any interest and cannot be repaid prior to the repayment of the Pre-Paid Advance received from Yorkville. On November 12, 2024, the holder of the Extension Note entered into the securities purchase agreement and will surrender the Extension Note for cancellation in its entirety in exchange for the purchase of shares of common stock and warrants for the purchase of common stock with a purchase price of 1,560,000. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 For Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (8,806,402) (1,965,772) 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (34,590) (25,995) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 10,220,475 1,571,181 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 1,379,483 (420,586) 
 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 8,806,402 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 1,965,772 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The primary use of our cash was to fund research and development and general and administrative expenses. N et cash used for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of a net loss of 9,166,958, adjusted for non-cash expenses primarily including depreciation and amortization of 204,283, stock-based compensation of 166,187, fair value of common stock issued in exchange for services and in connection with non-redemption agreements of 3,718,349, issuance of common stock in connection with a stock subscription agreement of 206,000, warrant modification expense of 200,513, non-cash interest of 2,404,031, decrease in warrant liability of 199,624, decrease in derivative liability of 4,800,000, increase in earnout liability of 700,000, and the net change in operating assets and liabilities of 2,219,821. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due an increase accounts receivable of 256,886, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 459,804, a decrease in accounts payable of 2,061,853, a decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 768,614, and a decrease in deferred revenue of 327,778, partially offset by a decrease in inventory of 1,525,857 and an increase in other current liabilities of 129,257. 
 Net cash used for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of a net loss of 4,588,900, adjusted for non-cash expenses including depreciation and amortization of 355,682, stock-based compensation of 612,730, non-cash interest of 32,319, and non-cash operating lease expense of 6,184, partially offset by the net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1,628,457. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in inventory of 42,252, an increase in accounts payable of 935,742, an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 411,356, an increase in deferred revenue of 300,000, and a decrease in other assets of 10,000, partially offset primarily by an increase in accounts receivable of 18,511 and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 52,382. 
 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 34,590 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 25,995 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The use of net cash used in investing activities for both periods was related to the purchase of property and equipment. 
 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 10,220,475, primarily due to 10,525,000 of net proceeds received from issuance of long-term debt related to the Yorkville Pre-Paid Advance and the Cable Car Loan, net proceeds of 1,238,530 received from the Merger, and cash proceeds of 500,000 received from issuance of common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement, partially offset by repayment of the bridge loans of 800,000, and repayments against the Yorkville Note and PPP loans of 1,243,055. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 1,571,181, primarily due to 1,017,850 of net proceeds from the sale of QT Imaging common stock and QT Imaging warrants and 650,000 of proceeds received from a related party for the Working Capital Loan, partially offset by repayments against the PPP loans of 96,669. 
 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We expect to incur increased significant expenses in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of our products and product candidates, seek expanded regulatory clearances for the QT Breast Scanner, and build a U.S. sales and marketing team. As part of the effort to build the sales and marketing capabilities in the United States, QT Imaging entered into the Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which QT Imaging appointed NXC as the non-exclusive agent for the sale of QT Imaging products and services in non-exclusive territories: the U.S., U.S. territories, and U.S. Department of Defense installations. Since our consummation of the Merger, we expect 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Our future funding requirements, both short-and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, without limitation: 
 Having the cash to repay our debt obligations as they come due; 
 Expand our current manufacturing operations and expand existing and build new partnerships with contract manufacturing third-party vendors; 
 Purchase inventory for our planned shipments; 
 Expand or enhance our distribution with third-party distribution channels; 
 The progress and results of our trials and interpretation of those results by the FDA (and other regulatory authorities, as required); 
 Seek regulatory clearances for product candidates and expanded regulatory clearance for the QT Breast Scanner; 
 The cost of operating as a public company, including hiring additional personnel as well as increased director and officer insurance premiums, audit and legal fees, investor relations fees and expenses related to compliance with public company reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq; and 
 The costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending our intellectual property-related claims. 
 We plan to continue to incur substantial costs in order to conduct research and development activities necessary to develop a commercialized product. Additional capital will be needed to undertake these activities and commercialization efforts. We intend to raise such capital through the issuance of additional equity, borrowings and potential strategic alliances with other companies. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If such financing is not available at adequate levels or on acceptable terms, we could be required to significantly reduce operating expenses and delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some of our development programs or our commercialization efforts, out-license intellectual property rights to our product candidates and sell unsecured assets, or a combination of the foregoing, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or our ability to fund our scheduled obligations on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with manufacturing, research, development and commercialization of products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including, without limitation: 
 The timing, receipt and amount of revenues from the sales of the QT Breast Scanner and related products and services, or any future approved or cleared products and product candidates, if any; 
 The cost of future activities, including product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution for the QT Breast Scanner; 
 The costs, timing, and outcomes of regulatory review of applications for expanded clearances for the QT Breast Scanner and clearance for other products; 
 The scope, progress, results and costs of researching, developing and manufacturing our product candidates or any future product candidates, and conducting studies and clinical trials; 
 The timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals or clearances for our product candidates or any future product candidates; 
 The cost of manufacturing our product candidates or any future product candidates and any products we successfully commercialize, including costs associated with building out our manufacturing capabilities; 
 The cost and time needed to attract and retain skilled personnel to support our continued growth; 
 Our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of any such agreements that we may enter into; and 
 The costs associated with being a public company. 
 Additionally, our operating plans may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for future trials and other research and development activities. Until such time, if ever, as we can 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic partnerships or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be materially diluted, and the terms of such securities could include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our shareholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specified actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. In addition, debt financing would result in increased fixed payment obligations. 
 If we raise funds through collaborations, strategic partnerships or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or products, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce, or eliminate our product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish these plans and secure sources of financing and attain profitable operations. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. See the section titled Risk Factors for additional factors and risks associated with our capital requirements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We lease our operating facilities in Novato, California, under a non-cancelable operating lease through May 31, 2027. There are no options or rights to extend the term of this lease. 
 
 Contingencies 
 Litigation 
 We are subject to occasional lawsuits, investigations and claims arising out of the normal course of business. As of the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, management is not aware of any pending claims that will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company EGC ), as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ), following the consummation of the Business Combination. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company, or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 In addition, we intend to rely on the other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an EGC, we intend to rely on such exemptions, we are not required to, among other things: (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); and (iv) disclose certain executive 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 
 We will remain an EGC under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination, (ii) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three-years. 
 
 Critical Accounting and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, and assumptions, including those related to revenue, inventory and income taxes, among others. Our estimates are derived from historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates. In addition, any change in these estimates or their underlying assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to the understanding of our historical and future performance, and these accounting policies involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. For further information, see the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on March 25, 2024. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services. 
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: 
 1. Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer : 
 We consider the terms and conditions of the contract in identifying the contracts. We determine a contract with a customer to exist when the contract is approved, each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred can be identified, the payment terms for the goods or services can be identified, it has been determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. We apply judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 
 2. Identification of the performance obligations in the contract: 
 Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the goods or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Our performance obligations consist of (i) product sales, (ii) maintenance contracts and (iii) other services including training. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 3. Determination of the transaction price: 
 The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Our contracts do not contain a significant financing component. 
 4. Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: 
 If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price. 
 5. Recognition of revenue when, or as a performance obligation is satisfied: 
 For product sales and services, revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of the promised goods or services to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Training and maintenance services are generally recognized upon invoicing in amounts that correspond directly with the value to the customer of the performance completed to date which primarily includes professional service arrangements entered on a time and materials basis. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted- average cost method. We periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-offs of inventory that is obsolete. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration, and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. Once inventory has been written down below cost, it is not subsequently written up. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. We annually evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets by assessing the valuation allowance and by adjusting the amount of such allowance, if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization include our forecast of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred tax assets. 
 We recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more-likely-than-not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. In accordance with this accounting policy, we recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax benefit. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 
 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting models for convertible instruments and allows more contracts to qualify for equity classification. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2024, and there was no material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 In November 2023, FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and requires retrospective application to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. This ASU is intended to improve the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. The ASU s amendments are effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Entities are permitted to early adopt the standard for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. Adoption is either prospectively or retrospectively, we will adopt this ASU on a prospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, refers to controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
 
 Material Weaknesses Identified 
 
 In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to lack of segregation of duties around key accounting processes resulting from limited personnel resources. 
 
 In connection with the review of our condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to technical accounting aspects of certain material transactions. 
 
 We have begun implementing remedial measures, and while there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful, we plan to remediate the material weaknesses. These plans include implementing technology, hiring personnel, and other activities, including engaging external resources. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 There were no misstatements identified in the condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of these material weaknesses. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the remediation efforts related to the material weaknesses which we have commenced as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we supplement the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ending March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024 (the Prior 2024 Quarterly Reports with the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report, the Prior 2024 Quarterly Reports or herein could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 
 
 our being a development-stage company with limited operating history and significant losses; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business model, including market acceptance of our planned products and product candidates at acceptable prices; 
 the ability to repay our debt cash obligations as they come due; 
 the occurrence of a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of infectious disease that may materially or adversely affect our business, financials, and product development; 
 our ability to raise additional capital; 
 the effect of the Company s debt agreements on its flexibility in operating the business; 
 our ability to sustain revenue growth or profitability; 
 our plan to do business globally is subject to additional risks and uncertainties; 
 the success of key supplier or distribution agreements; 
 the risk of incurring uninsured losses; 
 the ability to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of the Company s data and other sensitive information; 
 the ability of the business to respond to changes in general economic conditions; 
 the occurrence of technological changes; 
 our success in recruiting and retaining key employees; 
 the ability to manage growth effectively; 
 our ability to compete and adapt in our industry; 
 the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against our business and other litigation and regulatory risks; 
 the ability to obtain clearances and approvals from the FDA for current and future products; 
 the effect of unanticipated changes in effective tax rates on operations and financials; 
 the ability to adequately protect the Company s intellectual property rights; 
 the impact of the terms and conditions of licenses and sublicenses granted by third-parties; 
 our management team s limited experience managing a public company; 
 our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business; 
 the effect of the issuance of additional shares of common stock on our stock price; 
 future sales, or perception of future sales, of common stock on our stock price; 
 our governing documents effect on stock price and stockholders ability to gain favorable judicial forums; 
 the effect of the Company s warrants on the market price of the common stock; 
 future financial performance following the business combination; 
 our ability to enforce covenants not to compete; 
 the uncertainty of industry data, projections and estimates; 
 the effect of write-downs and write-offs that the Company may be required to take; 
 the ability to maintain internal controls over financial reports; and 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 We are a development-stage company with limited operating history and significant losses since inception which may make it difficult to evaluate prospects for our future viability and predict our future performance. We may never be able to effectuate our business plan or achieve any meaningful revenue or reach profitability. 
 We have a limited operating history and only a preliminary and unproven business plan upon which investors may evaluate our prospects. We have not yet demonstrated the commercial viability at scale of our breast imaging technology platform. QT Scanner 2000 Model A, (the QT Breast Scanner is deployed at facilities in the United States and abroad, but we have not demonstrated scale of deployment and manufacturing necessary to achieve commercial viability despite having clearance from the FDA for breast imaging with the QT Breast Scanner. Even if we are able to do so, we may not be able to manufacture the QT Breast Scanner device at the costs needed to support our business model. Even if we are able to commercialize some of our products or product candidates, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant revenues or ever achieve profitability. We expect to continue to incur significant sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory and other expenses as we expand our marketing efforts to increase adoption of our products, expand existing relationships, obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, conduct clinical studies on our existing and planned product candidates and develop new product candidates or add new features to our existing products. There is no assurance that our distribution partners will succeed in selling and servicing devices in sufficient volumes to help the company meet its business plan, revenue objectives or profitability. 
 Furthermore, even if our technology and product become commercially viable and deployed at scale, we may not generate sufficient revenue necessary to support our business. We estimate that effectively stimulating market interest in our QT Breast Scanner will require deploying at least 10 devices in clinical use. We may never achieve these thresholds for devices deployed in the near-to-mid-term at any level or at all, which may cause our business to fail. The medical imaging industry is also highly competitive, and our technology, products, services or business models may not achieve widespread market acceptance. If we are unable to address any issues mentioned above, or encounter other problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays in connection with the starting and expansion of our business, our entire business may fail, in which case you may lose your entire investment. 
 We have a history of net losses and negative cash flow from operations since inception and we expect such losses and negative cash flows from operations to continue in the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had working capital of 0.3 million and a working capital deficit of 2.5 million, respectively, and an accumulated deficit of approximately 32.1 million and 17.8 million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of approximately 3.6 million and 1.4 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of approximately 9.2 million and 4.6 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we used cash in operations of 8.8 million and 2.0 million, respectively. We anticipate our losses will continue to increase from current levels because we expect to incur additional costs related to developing our business, including research and development costs, manufacturing costs, employee-related costs, costs of complying with government regulations, intellectual property development and prosecution costs, marketing and promotion costs, capital expenditures, general and administrative expenses, and costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Our ability to generate revenue from our operations and ultimately achieve profitability will depend on factors including but not limited to whether we can complete the development and commercialization of our QT Breast Scanner breast imaging technology and our future products, whether we can manufacture the QT Breast Scanner and future products on a commercial scale in such amounts and at such costs as we anticipate, and whether we can achieve market acceptance of our products, services and business models. The net losses that we incur may fluctuate significantly from period to period. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will need to generate significant additional revenue in order to offset our operating expenses and achieve and sustain profitability. Accordingly, we may not achieve or maintain profitability, and we may continue to incur significant losses in the future. Even if we achieve profitability, we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any substantial period of time. If we do not achieve or sustain profitability, it will be more difficult for us to finance our business and accomplish our strategic objectives, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and may cause the market price of common stock to decline. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of common stock by us or our existing stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
 The sale of substantial amounts of shares of common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 All shares issued as merger consideration in the Business Combination are freely tradable without registration under the Securities Act and without restriction by persons other than our affiliates (as defined under Rule 144), including our directors, executive officers and other affiliates, and certain other former QT Imaging stockholders. 
 The Company has registered in a resale registration statement on Form S-1 declared effective by the SEC on May 22, 2024, securities held by certain stockholders of the Company which have the right, subject to certain conditions, to require us to register the sale of their shares of common stock under the Securities Act, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. By exercising their registration rights and selling a large number of shares, these stockholders could cause the prevailing market price of shares of common stock to decline. 
 As restrictions on resale end, the market price of shares of common stock could drop significantly if the holders of these shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of shares of common stock or other securities. 
 In addition, the shares of common stock that will be issued upon exercise of stock options already granted pursuant to the terms of, or those shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan will become eligible for sale in the public market once those shares are issued, subject to provisions relating to various vesting agreements and, in some cases, limitations on volume and manner of sale applicable to affiliates under Rule 144, as applicable. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock issued pursuant to our equity incentive plans, and may in the future file additional registration statements on Form S-8. Any such Form S-8 registration statements will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market. 
 
 Sales of shares of our common stock, or the perception of such sales, may have negative pressure on the public trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Any stockholders making sales of our common stock will determine the timing, pricing and rate at which they sell the shares. Significant sales of shares o f common stock may have negative pressure on the public trading price of our common stock. Even though the current trading price is significantly below the Company s initial public offering price, based on the closing price of the common stock on November 12, 2024, certain private investors may have an incentive to sell their shares because they will still profit on sales due to the lower prices at which they purchased their shares as compared to the public investors. 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the closing price of the common stock was 0.478 per share. The initial public offering price of our units was 10.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, which has now been adjusted to 2.30 per share. 
 It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under the SEPA to Yorkville or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Further, we may not have access to the full amount available under the SEPA with Yorkville. 
 Effective as of November 15, 2023, we entered into the SEPA with Yorkville, pursuant to which Yorkville has committed to purchase up to 50,000,000 of shares of common stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the SEPA. The common stock that may be issued under the SEPA may be sold by us to Yorkville at our discretion from time to time. 
 We generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any sales of our Common Stock to Yorkville under the SEPA. Sales of the common stock, if any, to Yorkville under the SEPA will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Yorkville all, some or none of the common stock that may be available for us to sell to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Because the purchase price per share to be paid by Yorkville for the common stock that we may elect to sell to Yorkville under the SEPA, if any, will fluctuate based on the market prices of the common stock prior to each Advance made pursuant to the SEPA, if any, it is not possible for us to predict, as of the date of this Quarterly Report and prior to any such sales, the number of shares of the common stock that we will sell to Yorkville under the SEPA, the purchase price per share that Yorkville will pay for shares purchased from us under the SEPA, or the aggregate gross proceeds that we will receive from those purchases by Yorkville under the SEPA, if any. Under the terms of the SEPA and the Yorkville Note, the floor price, representing the lowest price at which shares may be issued to Yorkville upon conversion of the Yorkville Note, was initially the volume-weighted average price of the common stock for the five trading days immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 that we filed to register the shares to be issued pursuant to the SEPA, which effectiveness occurred on May 22, 202 4, or 0.8768 per share. P ursuant to the terms of the Second Amendment, we elected to reduce the floor price to 0.50 per share, effective as of the date of the Second Amendment. As of November 12, 2024, Yorkville has converted 254,593 of outstanding principal under the Yorkville Note into 384,059 shares of common stock with an applicable conversion price of 0.6629 per share. 
 Moreover, although the SEPA provides that we may sell up to an aggregate of 50,000,000 of shares of common stock to Yorkville, only 25,375,000 shares of common stock are currently registered for resale. If we elect to sell to Yorkville all of the 25,375,000 shares of the common stock being currently registered for resale, depending on the market price of the common stock prior to each advance made pursuant to SEPA, the actual gross proceeds from the sale of all such shares may be substantially less than the 50,000,000 available to us under the SEPA, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity. 
 If it becomes necessary for us to issue and sell to Yorkville under the SEPA more than the 25,375,000 shares of the common stock currently registered for resale in order to receive aggregate gross proceeds equal to 50,000,000 under the SEPA, we must file with the SEC one or more additional registration statements to register under the Securities Act the resale by Yorkville of any such additional shares of the common stock we wish to sell from time to time under the SEPA, which the SEC must declare effective. Any issuance and sale by us under the SEPA of the common stock in addition to the 25,375,000 shares of the common stock being registered for resale by Yorkville could cause additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 We are not required or permitted to issue any shares of common stock under the SEPA if such issuance would breach our obligations under the rules or regulations of Nasdaq. In addition, Yorkville will not be required to purchase any shares of common stock if such sale would result in Yorkville s beneficial ownership exceeding 4.99 of the then issued and outstanding common stock. Our inability to access a part or all of the amount available under the SEPA, in the absence of any other financing sources, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 
 Following the declaration by the SEC of our registration statement on Form S-1 on May 22, 2024, we filed a prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2021, between GigCapital5 and the Transfer Agent (the Warrant Agreement ), we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in us may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 
 Certain of the Company s warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2 024, 889,364 Priv ate Placement Warrants and Working Capital Note Warrants were outstanding. These warrants became exercisable 30 days after completion of the Business Combination and are exercisable 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 now that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon exercise for so long as a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). Furthermore, the Company may redeem outstanding warrants in certain circumstances; provided, however, that these warrants will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of its permitted transferees, to which the initial purchaser transferred the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Note Warrants in June 2024. Under GAAP, the Company is required to evaluate contingent exercise provisions of these warrants and then their settlement provisions to determine whether they should be accounted for as a warrant liability or as equity. Any settlement amount not equal to the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of the Company s equity shares and a fixed monetary amount precludes these warrants from being considered indexed to its own stock, and therefore, from being accounted for as equity. As a result of the provision that these warrants, when held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, will be redeemable by the Company, the requirements for accounting for these warrants as equity are not satisfied. Therefore, the Company is required to account for these warrants as a warrant liability and record (a) that liability at fair value, and (b) any subsequent changes in fair value as of the end of each period for which earnings are reported. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of common stock of the Company. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 The Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), by and between the Company and certain members of the Company s Board of Directors and affiliates of such members, (the Purchasers for a private placement (the Private Placement of securities. The Purchasers include Dr. Avi Katz, Dr. Raluca Dinu, the holder of the Extension Note, GigAcquisitions5, LLC, which is managed by Dr. Katz, Ross Taylor, Zeev Weiner, Daniel Dickson and an affiliate of James Greene. At the closing of the Private Placement, the Company will issue (i) 4,383,558 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and (ii) warrants with a term of five years from the initial exercise date to purchase up to an additional 4,383,558 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants and together with the Shares, the Securities to purchase an additional 4,383,558 shares of Common Stock (all of such shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares ). Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, GigAcquisitions5, LLC is surrendering the Extension Note for cancellation in its entirety in exchange for the purchase of Shares of Common Stock and Warrants for the purchase of Common Stock with a purchase price of 1.56 million. 
 
 The purchase price of each Share is 0.584, which represents 110 of the five-day volume weighted trading price for the Common Stock for the five-day period ending on November 12, 2024 (the Per Share Purchase Price ), and the exercise price of each Warrant is 0.672. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement will be approximately 2,560,000, before deducting the offering expenses payable by the Company, which expenses consist solely of legal fees. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital. 
 
 The Securities are being sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to accredited investors and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 The Securities Purchase Agreement provides that in the event that the shares of Common Stock to be purchased by a Purchaser pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Purchaser and its affiliates, would result in the Purchaser having beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (or, at the election of the Purchaser, 9.99 ), the Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. None of the Purchasers has made such an election. 
 
 The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company and each Purchaser on a several and not joint basis, and customary closing conditions, indemnification rights, and other obligations of the parties. The Private Placement is expected to close by November 29, 2024. Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities for working capital purposes and to not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), or (b) in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. The Securities Purchase Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the Securities Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Securities Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Quarterly Report as Exhibit 10.2, and the terms of which are incorporated in this Quarterly Report by reference. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 Each Warrant will be exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.672 per share, and be exercisable beginning 6 months after its issuance at the closing of the Private Placement and ending 5 years after such issuance. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the Warrants is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of Warrant which is attached as Exhibit C to Exhibit 10.2 filed with this Quarterly Report, the terms of which are incorporated in this Quarterly Report by reference. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, dated November 12, 2024 (the Registration Rights Agreement ). The Registration Rights Agreement provides that the Company shall file a registration statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) with the SEC) no later than the 30th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, and have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than 60th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, or in the event of a full review by the SEC, the 90th day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of any Event (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), which, among others, prohibits the Purchaser from reselling the Securities for more than ten consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of twenty calendar days during any twelve-month period, the Company is obligated to pay to the Purchaser, on each monthly anniversary of each such Event, an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 0.5 multiplied by the aggregate subscription amount paid by such Purchaser pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 
 All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company will be borne by the Company, whether or not any Shares or Warrant Shares are sold pursuant to a registration statement. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Quarterly Report as Exhibit 10.2, and the terms of which are incorporated in this Quarterly Report by reference. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Omnibus Amendment, dated September 26 , 2024 , by and between YA II PN, LTD and QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to QT Imaging Holdings Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30 , 2024) 
 10.2 
 Second Amendment, dated October 31, 2024, by and between QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. and YA II PN, LTD. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to QT Imaging Holdings Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2024) 
 10.3 
 S ecurities Purchase Agreement, dated November 1 2, 2024, by and between QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. and certain purchasers 
 10.4 R egistration Rights Agreement, dated November 1 2, 2024, by and between QT Imaging Holdings, I nc. and certain purchasers 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (as formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Previously filed and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv) because such portions are not material and are the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit, or any section thereof, to the SEC upon request. 
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Dr. Raluca Dinu Name: Dr. Raluca Dinu Title: Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Anastas Budagov 
 Name: Anastas Budagov 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

61 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 exh103qtipipe-securitiespu.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 
 Certain identified information in this Exhibit 10.3 (indicated by has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because it is not material and is the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential. 
 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of November 12, 2024, between QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers ). 
 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below), and or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1 
 
 Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5 . 
 
 Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j) . 
 
 Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided , however , for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home , shelter-in-place , non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer 

systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day . 
 
 Cable Car Documents means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2024, by and between the Company and Funicular Funds, LP, and a promissory note issued by the Company on March 4, 2024. 
 Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 
 Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company s obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but no later than November 29, 2024. 
 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 
 
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 
 Company Counsel means DLA Piper LLP (US), with offices located at 555 Mission Street, San Francisco, California 94105-2933. 
 
 Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith. 
 
 Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9 00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9 01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9 00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9 01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof. 
 
 Effective Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement registering for resale all Shares and Warrant Shares has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) all of the Shares and Warrant Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance 
 2 

with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year anniversary of the applicable Closing Date provided that a holder of Shares or Warrant Shares is not an Affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of the Shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and the Company has delivered or caused to be delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders. 
 
 Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s) . 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options or other equity awards to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued in accordance with the terms of the Yorkville Documents and the Cable Car Document, and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. 
 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 
 GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h) . 
 
 Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb) . 
 
 Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p) . 
 
 Legend Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c) . 
 3 

Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b) . 
 
 Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n) . 
 
 Per Share Purchase Price equals 0.584, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 
 Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price equals the Per Share Purchase Price minus 0.0001, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar transactions of common stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 
 Pre-Funded Warrants means, collectively, the warrants delivered to the Purchasers at each Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and shall expire in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 
 
 Public Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b) . 
 
 Public Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b) . 
 
 Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8 . 
 Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 
 Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares. 
 
 4 

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e) . 
 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 
 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h) . 
 
 Securities means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 
 
 Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchaser s name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds. 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Subscription Warrants. 
 Subscription Warrants means warrants to purchase the Common Stock of the Company delivered to the Purchasers at the applicable Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants will be exercisable six month from the date of issuance and will have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years from the initial exercise date, substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 
 5 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading or, if the Common Stock is not listed or quoted on a Trading Market, but is listed or quoted on OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market, a day on which such market is open for trading. 
 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed with the Purchasers in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 
 
 Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street 30 th Floor, New York, New York 10004, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 
 VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9 30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4 02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB Venture Market OTCQB or OTCQX Best Market OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market Pink Market operated by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 
 
 Warrants means the Subscription Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 
 Yorkville Documents means that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated November 15, 2023, by and between the Company and YA II PN, LTD, a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP and all other related documents. 
 6 

ARTICLE II. PURCHASE AND SALE 
 2.1 Closing . 
 (a) On the applicable Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of 2,560,000 worth of Shares and Subscription Warrants in one or more Closings, provided that the final Closing shall occur on or before November 29, 2024. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company via wire transfer or a certified check in immediately available funds or by cancellation of outstanding debt (as set forth in Section 2.1(c) below), such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants set forth on such Purchaser s signature page hereto, respectively, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the applicable Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 , the applicable Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. 
 (b) To the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchaser s Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such purchaser or any of such Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may, but is not required to, elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the full Subscription Amount being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 (or, at the election of the Purchaser, 9.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock, in each case, outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the applicable Closing Date. 
 (c) In the event that a Purchaser elects to pay such Purchaser s Subscription Amount, in whole or in part, through cancellation of debt owed by the Company to such Purchaser, then such Purchaser agrees to execute such other documents and take such further actions as the Company may reasonably request to effect the termination of such outstanding debt. 
 2.2 Deliveries . 
 (a) On or prior to the applicable Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following 
 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company 
 
 (ii) a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser, or, at the election of such Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of such Purchaser s Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form 
 7 

by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser 
 
 (iii) a Subscription Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100 of the sum of such Purchaser s Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, if applicable, with an exercise price equal to 0.672, subject to adjustment therein 
 (iv) for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1(b) , a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of Shares equal to the portion of such Purchaser s Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the sum of the Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price and an exercise price equal to 0.0001, subject to adjustment therein 
 
 (v) the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Company s wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and 
 
 (vi) the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company. 
 (b) On or prior to the applicable Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following 
 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser 
 
 (ii) to the Company such Purchaser s Subscription Amount via any means permitted under Section 2.1 (including, if such Subscription Amount is to be paid in whole or in part by cancellation of debt, any additional documents pursuant to Section 2.1(c) and 
 (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser. 
 2.3 Closing Conditions . 
 (a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date) 
 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed and 
 8 

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date 
 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed 
 
 (iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement 
 
 (iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof 
 
 (v) from the date hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission. 
 
 ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company . Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser 
 
 (a) Subsidiaries . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. 
 
 (b) Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any 
 9 

of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 
 
 (c) Authorization Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 
 
 (d) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any Subsidiary s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, 
 10 

conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) Filings, Consents and Approvals . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and pursuant to the Company s prior engagement agreement with an investment bank, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the notice and or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is not listed or quoted on a Trading Market, but is listed or quoted on OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market, then OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market) for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals ). 
 
 (f) Issuance of the Securities . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. 
 
 (g) Capitalization . The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as disclosed in the SEC Reports, which SEC Reports include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date of such SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of other equity awards under the Company s equity incentive plans, and pursuant to the conversion and or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and pursuant to the Company s prior agreement with an investment bank, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations 
 11 

convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 (h) SEC Reports Financial Statements . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated 
 12 

Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 
 
 (i) Material Changes Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. 
 
 (j) Litigation . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no material action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action ). No Action (i) materially adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 
 (k) Labor Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company s or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any 
 13 

material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (l) Compliance . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (m) Environmental Laws . The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder Environmental Laws (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (n) Regulatory Permits . The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material Permits ), and neither the Company nor any 
 14 

Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. 
 
 (o) Title to Assets . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects. 
 
 (p) Intellectual Property . The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (q) Insurance . The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost. 
 
 (r) Transactions with Affiliates and Employees . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the 
 15 

knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of 120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including equity award agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company. 
 
 (s) Sarbanes-Oxley Internal Accounting Controls . The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. The Company s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date ). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries other than such changes as are intended to remediate any material weaknesses identified in such internal control over financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date. 
 
 (t) Certain Fees . No brokerage or finder s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with 
 16 

respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (u) Private Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 , no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market. 
 
 (v) Investment Company . The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 (w) Registration Rights . Other than each of the Purchasers and except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary that have not been satisfied or waived. 
 
 (x) Listing and Maintenance Requirements . The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer. 
 
 (y) Application of Takeover Protections . The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities. 
 
 (z) Disclosure . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public 
 17 

information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 
 
 (aa) No Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 , neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 
 
 (bb) Solvency . The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the applicable Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of 250,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of 250,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness. 
 
 (cc) Tax Status . Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) have made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which they are subject, (ii) have paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) have set aside on their books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports 
 18 

or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. 
 
 (dd) No General Solicitation . Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 
 
 (ee) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 
 
 (ff) Accountants . The Company s accounting firm is BPM LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act. 
 
 (gg) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 
 
 (hh) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser s Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing 
 19 

of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Company s publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm s length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (ii) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. 
 
 (jj) Stock Option Plans . Each stock option granted by the Company under the Company s stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Company s stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Company s stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects. 
 
 (kk) Cybersecurity . (i)(x) To the Company s knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Company s or any Subsidiary s proprietary information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data (ii) to the Company s knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have 
 20 

implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices. 
 
 (mm) Office of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC ). 
 
 (nn) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation . The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser s request. 
 
 (oo) Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 (pp) Money Laundering . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws ), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 
 
 (qq) No Disqualification Events . With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), 
 21 

except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. 
 
 (rr) Other Covered Persons . The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities. 
 
 (ss) Notice of Disqualification Events . The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the applicable Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person. 
 
 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers . Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case such representations and warranties shall be accurate as of such date) 
 
 (a) Organization Authority . Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 
 
 (b) Own Account . Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or 
 22 

regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser s right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 
 
 (c) Purchaser Status . At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. 
 
 (d) Experience of Such Purchaser . Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 
 (e) General Solicitation . Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchaser s knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 
 
 (f) Access to Information . Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 
 
 (g) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality . Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser s assets 
 23 

and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchaser s representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
 
 4.1 Transfer Restrictions . 
 (a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b) , the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 (b) The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1 , of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form 
 
 THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
 24 

STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 
 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchaser s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder. 
 
 (c) Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act and the Purchaser provides the Company with a seller s representation in form and substance satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion, (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii) if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) and the Purchaser provides the Company with a seller s representation in form and substance satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall issue or cause to be issued a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant Shares, or if such Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares or Warrant Shares or if such 
 25 

legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c) , it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date ), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4 . Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchaser s prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend. 
 (d) In addition to such Purchaser s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) validly delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to, and in compliance with, Sections 4.1(b) or 4.1(c) , as applicable, 5 per Trading Day (increasing to 10 per Trading Day seven (7) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser reasonably anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchaser s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Shares or Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares or Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii). 
 
 26 

(e) Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company s reliance upon this understanding. 
 
 4.2 Furnishing of Information Public Information . 
 
 (a) Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b) At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure then, in addition to such Purchaser s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to one and one-half percent (1.5 of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchaser s Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30 th day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments . Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3 rd Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser s right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and or injunctive relief. 
 
 4.3 Integration . The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that 
 27 

would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 
 
 4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure Publicity . The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide such Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure. 
 
 4.5 Stockholder Rights Plan . No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 
 28 

4.6 Non-Public Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4 , the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchaser s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 
 
 4.7 Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (b) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 
 
 4.8 Indemnification of Purchasers . Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8 , the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions 
 29 

contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Party s representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 
 
 4.9 Reservation of Common Stock . As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants. 
 
 4.10 Listing of Common Stock . The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed (and if not, another Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market), and concurrently with the applicable Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market, another Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market, and will use best efforts to promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on a Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market, OTCQB, 
 30 

OTCQX or the Pink Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market, OTCQB, OTCQX or the Pink Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 
 
 4.11 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Effective Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Yorkville Documents, the Cable Car Documents, or a Form S-8 to register securities under the Company s stock option plan. Notwithstanding the forgoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of any Exempt Issuance. 
 
 4.12 Equal Treatment of Purchasers . No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 
 
 4.13 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality . Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Company s securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 . Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 , such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 , (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in 
 31 

any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 
 
 4.14 Form D Blue Sky Filings . The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at each Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser. 
 
 4.15 Exercise Procedures . The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 
 
 ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 5.1 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the applicable Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5 th Trading Day following the date hereof provided , however , that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 
 
 5.2 Fees and Expenses . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day 
 32 

processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers. 
 
 5.3 Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 
 5.4 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. 
 5.5 Amendments Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1 in interest of the sum of (i) the Shares and (ii) the Warrant Shares initially issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the applicable Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1 in interest of the group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 
 
 5.6 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 33 

5.7 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers. 
 
 5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8 . 
 
 5.9 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8 , the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding. 
 
 5.10 Survival . The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing and the delivery of the Securities. 
 
 34 

5.11 Execution . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature pages were an original thereof. 
 
 5.12 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 
 5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchaser s right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchaser s Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 
 
 5.14 Replacement of Securities . If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 
 
 5.15 Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that 
 35 

monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 
 5.16 Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
 
 5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 
 
 5.18 Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled. 
 
 5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, 
 36 

then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 5.20 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 5.21 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
 37 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By __________________________________________ 
 Name Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) 
 
 DLA Piper LLP (US) 
 555 Mission Street, Unit 2400 
 San Francisco, CA 94105 
 Address for Notice 
 
 3 Hamilton Landing 
 Suite 160 
 Novato, CA 94949 
 
 Email 

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS 

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser GigAcquisitions5, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser __________________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Manager 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 
 
 1731 Embarcadero Road 
 Suite 200 
 Palo Alto, CA 94303 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 1,559,999.49 
 
 Shares 2,671,232 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 2,671,232 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 274,999.76 
 
 Shares 470,890 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 470,890 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

Execution Version 

 PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 274,999.76 
 
 Shares 470,890 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 470,890 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

Execution Version 

 PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Sky D Ventures, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s James S. Greene 
 Name of Authorized Signatory James S. Greene 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Managing Director 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 249,999.89 
 
 Shares 428,082 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 428,082 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

Execution Version 

 PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Ross Taylor 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s Ross Taylor 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Ross Taylor 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 99,999.49 
 
 Shares 171,232 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 171,232 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

Execution Version 

 PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Zeev Weiner 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s Zeev Weiner 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Zeev Weiner 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 49,999.75 
 
 Shares 85,616 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 85,616 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 or 9.99 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

Execution Version 

 PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QTI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Purchaser Daniel H. Dickson 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser s Daniel H. Dickson 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Daniel H. Dickson 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice) 

Subscription Amount 49,999.75 
 
 Shares 85,616 
 
 Subscription Warrant Shares 85,616 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares 0 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99 
 
 EIN Number 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants 
 
 (attached hereto) 

46 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 
 COMMON STOCK PRE-FUNDED PURCHASE WARRANT 
 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Warrant Shares _______ Issue Date November , 2024 
 
 THIS COMMON STOCK PRE-FUNDED PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), up to shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b) . 
 
 Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated November 12, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 Section 2. Exercise. 
 
 (a) Exercise of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise ). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(c)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank. No 
 47 

ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 
 
 (b) Exercise Price . The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of 0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be 0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price ). 
 
 (c) Mechanics of Exercise . 
 
 (i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two 
 48 

(2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 
 
 (ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 
 
 (iii) Rescission Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 
 
 (iv) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(c)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the 
 49 

Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 (v) No Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 
 
 (vi) Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder provided , however , that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation 
 50 

performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 
 
 (vii) Closing of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 (d) Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(d) , beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(d) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(d) , in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as 
 51 

the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(d) , provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 
 
 Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 
 
 (a) Stock Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to 
 52 

receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 
 
 (b) Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights provided , however , that, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 
 
 (c) Extraordinary Dividends . If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares of the Company s capital stock into which the Warrants are convertible) (an Extraordinary Dividend ), then the Exercise Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed an Extraordinary Dividend for purposes of this provision (a) any adjustment described in Section 3(a) above or (b) any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 3 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Exercise Price or to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividend or cash distribution equal to or less than 0.50. Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of 0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of 0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Common 
 53 

Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such 0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such 0.35 dividend, by 0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between 0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such 0.35 dividend) and 0.50 (the greater of (x) 0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such 0.35 dividend)). 
 
 (d) Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change under Section 3(a) hereof or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the Company into another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event and if any reclassification also results in a change in shares of Common Stock covered by Section 3(a) , then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Section 3(a) and this Section 3(d) . The provisions of this Section 3(d) shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Exercise Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 
 (e) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1 100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3 , the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 
 
 (f) Notice to Holder . 
 
 (i) Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3 , the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of 
 54 

Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 
 
 (ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register (as defined below) of the Company, at least 30 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 
 
 Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 
 
 (a) Transferability . Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon 
 55 

surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 
 
 (b) New Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a) , as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original issue date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 
 
 (c) Warrant Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 
 
 (d) Transfer Restrictions . If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (e) Representation by the Holder . The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will 
 56 

acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 
 
 Section 5. Miscellaneous. 
 
 (a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise No Settlement in Cash . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i) , except as expressly set forth in Section 3 . Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(c)(i) and Section 2(c)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 
 
 (b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 
 
 (c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 (d) Authorized Shares . 
 
 The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the 
 57 

Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 
 Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 
 
 Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 (a) Jurisdiction . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (b) Restrictions . The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 
 
 (c) Nonwaiver and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 
 
 58 

(d) Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (e) Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 
 
 (f) Remedies . The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 
 (g) Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 
 
 (h) Amendment . This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 
 (i) Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 
 
 (j) Headings . The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

59 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. By Name Title 

60 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 
 TO QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 (1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 
 
 (2) Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the United States or 
 
 (3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number 

(4) Accredited Investor . The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

SIGNATURE OF HOLDER Name of Investing Entity Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Title of Authorized Signatory Date 

61 

EXHIBIT B 
 ASSIGNMENT FORM 
 
 (To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.) 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name (Please Print) Address (Please Print) Phone Number Email Address Dated _______________ __, ______ Holder s Signature Holder s Address 
 
 62 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 (attached hereto) 

63 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of November 12, 2024, between QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers ). 
 This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement ). 
 The Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) . 
 Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 60th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date hereof) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) , the 60th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder) provided , however , that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day. 
 Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) . 
 Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) . 
 Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) . 
 Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 30th calendar day following the date hereof and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) , the earliest reasonably practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities. 
 64 

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities. 
 Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) . 
 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) . 
 Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) . 
 Plan of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) . 
 Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 
 Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares, (b) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (c) any additional shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Warrants (without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants) and (d) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing provided , however , that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company. 
 Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) 
 65 

or Section 3(c) , including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement. 
 Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) . 
 SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act. 
 2. Shelf Registration . 
 (a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-1 (except if the Company is then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on Form S-3) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85 in interest of the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B provided , however , that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holder s express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement to be filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c) and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date as of which all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) cease to be Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness Period ). The Company shall request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall notify the Holders via e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day on which such Registration Statement is declared effective. The Company shall, by 9 30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with 
 66 

the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within two (2) Trading Days of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d) . 
 (b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a) , if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages provided , however , that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d) , if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows 
 1. First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities 
 2. Second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that some Warrant Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Warrant Shares held by such Holders) and 
 3. Third, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Shares (applied, in the case that some Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Shares held by such Holders). 
 In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holder s allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended. 
 67 

(d) If (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause as of the Filing Date (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review provided, however, if the Company s financial statements are considered stale upon the expiration of such Trading Day period for purposes of inclusion in a registration statement filed with the SEC, such five Trading Day period shall be extended by thirty (30) Trading Days, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within twenty (20) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement (provided if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e., only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this clause) or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of twenty (20) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event , and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such twenty (20) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or twenty (20) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 0.5 multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a Holder under this Agreement shall be 1.5 of the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 8.0 per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. 
 68 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder. 
 3. Registration Procedures . In connection with the Company s registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall 
 (a) Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. 
 (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by 
 69 

the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented. 
 (c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100 of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such excess Registrable Securities. 
 (d) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus provided , however , that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Company agrees that the Holders shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not have any duty to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to trade on the basis of such information. 
 (e) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration 
 70 

Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 
 (f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form. 
 (g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d) . 
 (h) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. 
 (i) If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (or arrange for book entry transfer of securities in the case of uncertificated securities) representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request. 
 (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d) , if required to do so, as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Company s good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the 
 71 

Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d) , for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period. 
 (k) Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder. 
 (l) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and or maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities. 
 (m) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company s request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company. 
 4. Registration Expenses . All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, 
 72 

telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or any legal fees or other costs of the Holders. 
 5. Indemnification . 
 (a) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi) , the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(b) . 
 73 

The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(e) . 
 (b) Indemnification by Holders . Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holder s information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 
 (c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 
 74 

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 
 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 (d) Contribution . If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the 
 75 

indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 
 The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation. 
 The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties. 
 6. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Remedies . In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 (b) Discontinued Disposition . By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi) , such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) . 
 (c) Amendments and Waivers . The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holders of 50.1 or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), 
 76 

the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates provided , however , that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(c) . No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement. 
 (d) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
 (e) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 (f) No Inconsistent Agreements . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full. 
 (g) Execution and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 (h) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 77 

(i) Cumulative Remedies . The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 
 (j) Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 (k) Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 (l) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 

78 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By 
 Name Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS 

79 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 Name of Holder GigAcquisitions5, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Manager 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

80 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

81 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Sky D Ventures, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory James S. Greene 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Managing Director 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

82 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Ross Taylor 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Ross Taylor 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

83 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Zeev Weiner 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Zeev Weiner 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

84 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Daniel H. Dickson 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder __________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Daniel H. Dickson 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 

85 

Annex A 
 Plan of Distribution 
 Each Selling Stockholder (collectively, the Selling Stockholders of the securities covered hereby and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities 
 ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers 
 block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction 
 purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account 
 an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange 
 privately negotiated transactions 
 settlement of short sales 
 in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security 
 through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise 
 a combination of any such methods of sale or 
 any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 
 The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), if available, rather than under this prospectus. 
 Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121 and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121. 
 86 

In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 
 The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. 
 The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 
 We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) the date on which all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. 
 Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the 
 87 

need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). 

88 

Annex B 
 SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 
 The shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those previously issued to the selling stockholders. For additional information regarding the issuances of those shares of common stock, see Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock above. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the shares of common stock, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years. 
 The table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by each of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, based on its ownership of the shares of common stock, as of ________, 2024. 
 The third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders. 
 In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the number of shares of common stock issued to the selling stockholders in the Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock described above. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus. 
 The selling stockholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution. 
 
 Name of Selling Stockholder Shares Beneficially 
 Owned Prior to 
 the Offering 
 Shares 
 Being 
 Offered 1 
 Shares Beneficially 
 Owned Prior to 
 the Offering 
 Shares Shares GigAcquisitions5, LLC Dr. Avi S. Katz Dr. Raluca Dinu Sky D Ventures, LLC Ross Taylor Zeev Weiner Daniel H. Dickson 

1 Will include Warrants Shares 
 89 

Annex C 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire 
 The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock (the Registrable Securities of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
 NOTICE 
 The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement. 
 The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate 
 QUESTIONNAIRE 
 1. Name. 
 
 (a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder 

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held 

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire) 
 
 90 

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder 

Telephone 
 E-Mail 
 Contact Person 
 
 3. Broker-Dealer Status 
 
 (a) Are you a broker-dealer 
 
 Yes No 
 
 (b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Note If no to Section 3(b), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 
 (c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer 
 
 Yes No 
 
 (d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Note If no to Section 3(d), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 
 4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder. 
 
 91 

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder 

5. Relationships with the Company 
 
 Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5 of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 
 
 State any exceptions here 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 
 By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

92 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent. 
 Date 
 Beneficial Owner 
 By Name Title 
 
 PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO 
 
 93 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 Form of Subscription Warrants 
 
 (attached hereto) 

94 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 
 
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 
 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Warrant Shares _______ Initial Exercise Date May , 2025 1 Issue Date November , 2024 
 
 THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after May , 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on November , 2030 2 (the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), up to shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b) . 
 
 Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated November 12, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 Section 2. Exercise. 
 
 (a) Exercise of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise ). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(c)(i) herein) 
 
 1 Date will be 6 months from the Issue Date. 
 2 Date will be 5 years from the Initial Exercise Date. 
 95 

following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 
 
 (b) Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be 0.672, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price ). 
 
 (c) Mechanics of Exercise . 
 
 (i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with 
 96 

respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 
 
 (ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 
 
 (iii) Rescission Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 
 
 (iv) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(c)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to 
 97 

such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 (v) No Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 
 
 (vi) Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder provided , however , that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 
 
 (vii) Closing of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 98 

(d) Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(d) , beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(d) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(d) , in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be 
 99 

determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(d) , provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 
 
 Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 
 
 (a) Stock Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 
 
 (b) Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro 
 100 

rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights provided , however , that, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 
 
 (c) Extraordinary Dividends . If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares of the Company s capital stock into which the Warrants are convertible) (an Extraordinary Dividend ), then the Exercise Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed an Extraordinary Dividend for purposes of this provision (a) any adjustment described in Section 3(a) above or (b) any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 3 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Exercise Price or to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividend or cash distribution equal to or less than 0.50. Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of 0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of 0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such 0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such 0.35 dividend, by 0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between 0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such 0.35 dividend) and 0.50 (the greater of (x) 0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash 
 101 

dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such 0.35 dividend)). 
 
 (d) Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change under Section 3(a) hereof or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the Company into another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event and if any reclassification also results in a change in shares of Common Stock covered by Section 3(a) , then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Section 3(a) and this Section 3(d) . The provisions of this Section 3(d) shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Exercise Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 
 (e) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1 100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3 , the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 
 
 (f) Notice to Holder . 
 
 (i) Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3 , the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 
 
 (ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall 
 102 

authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register (as defined below) of the Company, at least 30 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 
 
 Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 
 
 (a) Transferability . Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such 
 103 

instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 
 
 (b) New Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a) , as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original issue date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 
 
 (c) Warrant Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 
 
 (d) Transfer Restrictions . If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (e) Representation by the Holder . The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 
 
 Section 5. Miscellaneous. 
 
 104 

(a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise No Settlement in Cash . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i) , except as expressly set forth in Section 3 . Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(c)(i) and Section 2(c)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 
 
 (b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 
 
 (c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 (d) Authorized Shares . 
 
 The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 
 Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such 
 105 

terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 
 
 Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 (a) Jurisdiction . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (b) Restrictions . The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 
 
 (c) Nonwaiver and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 
 
 (d) Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (e) Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 
 106 

(f) Remedies . The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 
 (g) Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 
 
 (h) Amendment . This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 
 (i) Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 
 
 (j) Headings . The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

107 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. By Name Title 

108 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 
 TO QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 (1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 
 
 (2) Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the United States. 
 
 (3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number 
 (4) Accredited Investor . The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 SIGNATURE OF HOLDER Name of Investing Entity Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Title of Authorized Signatory Date 

109 

EXHIBIT B 
 ASSIGNMENT FORM 
 
 (To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.) 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 
 
 Name (Please Print) Address (Please Print) Phone Number Email Address Dated _______________ __, ______ Holder s Signature Holder s Address 

110 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 exh104qtipipe-registration.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of November 12, 2024, between QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers ). 
 This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement ). 
 The Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) . 
 Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 60th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date hereof) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) , the 60th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder) provided , however , that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day. 
 Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) . 
 Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) . 
 Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) . 
 Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 30th calendar day following the date hereof and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) , the 

earliest reasonably practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities. 
 Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities. 
 Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) . 
 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) . 
 Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) . 
 Plan of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) . 
 Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 
 Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares, (b) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (c) any additional shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Warrants (without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants) and (d) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing provided , however , that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company. 
 2 

Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) , including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement. 
 Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) . 
 SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act. 
 2. Shelf Registration . 
 (a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-1 (except if the Company is then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on Form S-3) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85 in interest of the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B provided , however , that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holder s express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement to be filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c) and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date as of which all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) cease to be Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness Period ). The Company shall request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall notify the Holders via e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day on which such Registration 
 3 

Statement is declared effective. The Company shall, by 9 30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within two (2) Trading Days of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d) . 
 (b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a) , if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages provided , however , that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d) , if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows 
 A. First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities 
 B. Second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that some Warrant Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Warrant Shares held by such Holders) and 
 C. Third, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Shares (applied, in the case that some Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Shares held by such Holders). 
 In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holder s allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or such other 
 4 

form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended. 
 (d) If (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause as of the Filing Date (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review provided, however, if the Company s financial statements are considered stale upon the expiration of such Trading Day period for purposes of inclusion in a registration statement filed with the SEC, such five Trading Day period shall be extended by thirty (30) Trading Days, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within twenty (20) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement (provided if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e., only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this clause) or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of twenty (20) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event , and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such twenty (20) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or twenty (20) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 0.5 multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a Holder under this Agreement shall be 1.5 of the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 8.0 per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily 
 5 

from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder. 
 3. Registration Procedures . In connection with the Company s registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall 
 (a) Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. 
 (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the 
 6 

applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented. 
 (c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100 of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such excess Registrable Securities. 
 (d) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus provided , however , that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Company agrees that the Holders shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not have any duty to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to trade on the basis of such information. 
 7 

(e) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 
 (f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form. 
 (g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d) . 
 (h) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. 
 (i) If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (or arrange for book entry transfer of securities in the case of uncertificated securities) representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request. 
 (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d) , if required to do so, as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Company s good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
 8 

fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d) , for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period. 
 (k) Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder. 
 (l) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and or maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities. 
 (m) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company s request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company. 
 4. Registration Expenses . All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky 
 9 

qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or any legal fees or other costs of the Holders. 
 5. Indemnification . 
 (a) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi) , the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such 
 10 

Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(b) . The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(e) . 
 (b) Indemnification by Holders . Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holder s information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 
 (c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 
 11 

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 
 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 (d) Contribution . If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the 
 12 

indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 
 The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation. 
 The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties. 
 6. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Remedies . In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 (b) Discontinued Disposition . By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi) , such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) . 
 (c) Amendments and Waivers . The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holders of 50.1 or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), 
 13 

the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates provided , however , that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(c) . No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement. 
 (d) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
 (e) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 (f) No Inconsistent Agreements . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full. 
 (g) Execution and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 (h) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 14 

(i) Cumulative Remedies . The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 
 (j) Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 (k) Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 (l) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By s Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Name Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS 

Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 Name of Holder GigAcquisitions5, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Manager 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Sky D Ventures, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s James S. Greene 
 Name of Authorized Signatory James S. Greene 
 Title of Authorized Signatory Managing Director 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Ross Taylor 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Ross Taylor 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Ross Taylor 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Zeev Weiner 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Zeev Weiner 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Zeev Weiner 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 Name of Holder Daniel H. Dickson 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder s Daniel H. Dickson 
 Name of Authorized Signatory Daniel H. Dickson 
 Title of Authorized Signatory N A 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE 
 Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement 

Annex A 

 Plan of Distribution 
 Each Selling Stockholder (collectively, the Selling Stockholders of the securities covered hereby and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities 
 ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers 
 block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction 
 purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account 
 an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange 
 privately negotiated transactions 
 settlement of short sales 
 in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security 
 through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise 
 a combination of any such methods of sale or 
 any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 
 The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), if available, rather than under this prospectus. 
 Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121 and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121. 
 In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which 

may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 
 The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. 
 The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 
 We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) the date on which all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. 
 Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). 
 2 

Annex B 

 SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 
 The shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those previously issued to the selling stockholders. For additional information regarding the issuances of those shares of common stock, see Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock above. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the shares of common stock, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years. 
 The table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by each of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, based on its ownership of the shares of common stock, as of ________, 2024. 
 The third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders. 
 In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the number of shares of common stock issued to the selling stockholders in the Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock described above. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus. 
 The selling stockholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution. 
 
 Name of Selling Stockholder Shares Beneficially 
 Owned Prior to 
 the Offering 
 Shares 
 Being 
 Offered 1 
 Shares Beneficially 
 Owned Prior to 
 the Offering 
 Shares Shares GigAcquisitions5, LLC Dr. Avi S. Katz Dr. Raluca Dinu Sky D Ventures, LLC Ross Taylor Zeev Weiner Daniel H. Dickson 

1 Will include Warrants Shares 

Annex C 

 QT IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire 
 The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock (the Registrable Securities of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
 NOTICE 
 The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement. 
 The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate 
 QUESTIONNAIRE 
 1. Name. 
 
 (a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder 

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held 

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire) 

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder 

Telephone 
 E-Mail 
 Contact Person 
 
 3. Broker-Dealer Status 
 
 (a) Are you a broker-dealer 
 
 Yes No 
 
 (b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Note If no to Section 3(b), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 
 (c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer 
 
 Yes No 
 
 (d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Note If no to Section 3(d), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 
 4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder. 

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder 

5. Relationships with the Company 
 
 Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5 of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 
 
 State any exceptions here 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 
 By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent. 
 Date 
 Beneficial Owner 
 By Name Title 
 
 PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311certificationofprinci.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Dr. Raluca Dinu, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the ineffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 By s Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex312certificationofprinci.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Anastas Budagov, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the ineffectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 By s Anastas Budagov 
 Anastas Budagov 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321certificationofprinci.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Raluca Dinu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 By s Dr. Raluca Dinu Dr. Raluca Dinu Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex322certificationofprinci.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Anastas Budagov, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 By s Anastas Budagov Anastas Budagov Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 qti-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 qti-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 qti-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 qti-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 qti-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

