<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1703157_0001017386-24-000272.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4323709</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78819</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2346363</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>617938</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>504561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>720012</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-24-000272.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119143648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-24-000272
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Securetech Innovations, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001703157
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				820972782
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55927
		FILM NUMBER:		241475396

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2355 HIGHWAY 36 WEST, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ROSEVILLE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-317-8990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2355 HIGHWAY 36 WEST, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ROSEVILLE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Securetech, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-24-000272.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 scth_form10q093020224.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

SecureTech Innovations, Inc. Form 10-Q (3-31-24) 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Tel: 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 SCTH 
 
 OTC Pink Exchange 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 x 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised nancial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes x 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, as of November 19, 2024, was . 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 5 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 5 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 6 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 7 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 8 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 27 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 28 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 30 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 30 
 Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 30 
 Item 5. Other Information 30 
 Item 6. Exhibits 30 
 SIGNATURES 32 
 3 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would, and other similar expressions and variations, or comparable terminology, or the negatives of any of the foregoing, may identify forward-looking statements (collectively, forward-looking statements ), but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Our actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others: 

Our ability to execute our growth strategies 

Supply chain disruptions and general price inflation 

Our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers and manufacturers 

Competition from more established and better financed competitors 

Our ability to attract and retain competent and qualified personnel 

Regulatory changes and developments affecting our business 

Our ability to obtain additional capital to finance operations 

Managing a just right product inventory size and mix 

Impacts on our business from epidemics, pandemics, or natural disasters 

Our ability to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or additional material weaknesses or other deficiencies in the future or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting 

Other risks and uncertainties, including those listed in the section titled Risk Factors contained in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report. While we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into or reviewed all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to rely unduly on these statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report are based on events or circumstances as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by law. We may not achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments. 
 
 As used in this Quarterly Report, the terms we, us, our, SecureTech, Registrant, Company, and Issuer mean SecureTech Innovations, Inc. unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 4 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

I tem 1. Financial Statements 
 
 SECURETECH INNOVATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 ASSETS 

September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and equivalents 

Inventories 

Deposits 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets: 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related party 

Accrued payroll, related party 

Bank overdraft 

Credit cards payable 

Notes payable, related party 

Taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 SECURETECH INNOVATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues: 

Sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) 

(Loss) per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 SECURETECH INNOVATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (unaudited) 

Series A 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid In 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Share exchange, related party 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

Issuance of common shares for cash, shares 

Imputed interest 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Imputed interest 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Share exchange 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

Share exchange 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 SECURETECH INNOVATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 
 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Imputed interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in inventories 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, related party 

Increase (decrease) in credit cards payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued payroll 

Decrease (increase) in deposits 

Increase (decrease) in taxes payable 

Increase (decrease) in bank overdraft 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

Increase in notes payable, related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Exchange of common shares for preferred shares, unrelated party 

Exchange of common shares for preferred shares, related party 

The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 SECURETECH INNOVATIONS , INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 

the related asset. Gains and losses on the disposition of equipment are reflected in operations. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 
 Depreciation expenses totaled and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cumulative depreciation for each asset class is as follows: 

Accumulated depreciation 

PPE, net 

The Company maintains a valuation allowance with respect to deferred tax assets. The Company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing the deferred tax asset and taking into consideration the Company s financial position and results of operations for the current period. Future realization of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period under the Federal tax laws. 
 
 Changes in circumstances, such as the Company generating taxable income, could cause a change in judgment about its ability to realize the related deferred tax asset. Any change in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate. 
). These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company s existence depends on Management s ability to develop profitable operations and obtain additional financing sources. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or resolve the Company s liquidity problems. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Finished goods 

Gross inventories 

Inventory valuation reserves 

Inventories, net 

12 

Table of Contents 

shares of preferred stock, par value. The Company s Board of Directors is authorized, without further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of preferred stock and to fix the designations, number, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, and sinking fund terms. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors created a new class of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value. The Company may issue up to shares of Series A Preferred Stock with the following terms, rights, and privileges: 
 
 Designation and Amount 
 
 This class of preferred stock shall be designated Series A Preferred Stock Preferred Stock ), 0.001 par value. The Corporation s Board of Directors may issue up to two-hundred fifty thousand (250,000) shares of this Preferred Stock. 

Rank 
 
 The Preferred Stock shall rank superior to the Corporation s common stock and all other classes, including currently outstanding or future preferred stock designations. 

Dividends 
 
 The Preferred Stock is eligible for all legal dividends as may be approved by the Corporation s Board of Directors. If a dividend is declared across multiple classes of stock, the amount of any dividend to be received by holders of the Preferred Stock shall be calculated on a fully diluted, pro-rata basis with the other classes of stock participating in said dividend. 

Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to vote on all matters with holders of common stock (and other eligible classes of preferred stock, if any) by aggregating votes into one (1) voting class of stock. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have ten thousand (10,000) votes for any election or other voting matter placed before the shareholders of the Corporation, regardless if the vote is taken with or without a shareholders meeting. Holders of the Preferred Stock may not cumulate their votes in any voting matter. 

Redemption by the Company 
 
 After a minimum period of one (1) year from the date of issue the Company may, at its sole discretion, redeem some or all of the Preferred Stock in either cash (the then market value), the Company s common stock at a fixed ratio of ten thousand (10,000) shares of common stock for each share of Preferred Stock redeemed, or a combination thereof. 

Series A Preferred Stock Issuances 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30 ,2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had one class of preferred stock, Series A Preferred Stock, and shares of it issued and outstanding. 
 
 Common stock 
 
 The Company has authorized shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. 
 
 Share Exchange and Cancellations 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement whereby it issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company entered into a series of Share Exchange Agreements whereby it issued an aggregate of shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement whereby it issued 2,500 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. 
 
 All of the shares of common stock received in this stock exchange were subsequently canceled. No consideration was paid or received in connection to the share exchange, which also is deemed a non-taxable event pursuant to Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Share Issuances 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its common stock, 0.001 par value, in exchange for in cash, or a share. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its common stock, 0.001 par value, in exchange for in cash, or about a share. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its common stock, 0.001 par value, in exchange for in cash, or about 1.75 a share. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 shares of its common stock, par value, as Founder s Shares with - - value. 
 
 Of these Founder s Shares, were issued to the Company s officers, to an entity controlled by one of the Company s directors, and to outside consultants who assisted with the Company s formation and early organization. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement whereby it issued 200 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of 1,795,774 Founder s Shares. These Founder s Shares were canceled and returned to the Company s Treasury. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of Founder s Shares had been returned to the Company and canceled, an aggregate of had been sold and/or gifted away, and an aggregate of had been tendered as part of the Share Exchange Agreements described below. 
 
 Share Exchanges and Cancellations 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with a related party whereby it issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. These common shares tendered were canceled and returned to the Company s Treasury. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company entered into Share Exchange Agreements with related parties whereby it issued an aggregate of shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. The common shares tendered by Mr. Lee were canceled and returned to the Company s Treasury. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with a related party whereby it issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its common stock. These common shares tendered were canceled and returned to the Company s Treasury. 
 
 Accrued Payroll 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had aggregated in related party accrued payroll, consisting of in accrued payroll and 9,180 in accrued employer taxes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had aggregated in related party accrued payroll, consisting of in accrued payroll and in accrued employer taxes. 
 
 Patent Royalties 
 
 On March 2, 2017, the Company entered into a Patent License Agreement with Shongkawh, LLC, which is controlled by our executive officers Kao Lee and Anthony Vang (and directly owned by Mr. Lee and his brother, Thao Lee). Under this agreement, ShongKawh is to receive a royalty of 2 of all products manufactured under this covered patent. 
 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company and Shongkawh amended the Patent License Agreement to adjust royalty payments due under this agreement to per annum, payable within ten business days of the end of each fiscal year. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, ShongKawh accrued in patent license royalties. These royalties have been forgiven and accounted for under Additional Paid In Capital. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding notes payable to Kao Lee aggregating for expenses paid on behalf of the Company, which has been accounted for as short-term notes payable to a related party. As of September 30, 2024, these notes payable have accrued in imputed interest that has been recorded in the financial statements as additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Taurus Financial Partners, LLC aggregating and , respectively. 

15 

Table of Contents 
 from Kao Lee, a related party. As of November 19, 2024, the Company has outstanding notes payable to Mr. Lee aggregating . 
 
 Common Stock Issuance 
 
 On November 18, 2024, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its common stock, 0.001 par value, in exchange for in cash, or a share. 
 
 As of November 19, 2024, SecureTech had shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Accounts Payable, Related Party Reduction 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to convert in past-due accounts payable to a related party into a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. 
 
 Subsequently, on October 24, 2024, the note holder converted the outstanding convertible promissory note into shares of SecureTech s common stock, 0.001 par value. 
 
 Following this note conversion, on October 25, 2024, SecureTech and the original note holder signed a Share Exchange Agreement in which 100,000,000 shares of SecureTech's common stock were exchanged for shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value. 
 
 As of November 19, 2024, SecureTech had 78,086,881 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding and shares of its Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

No other material events or transactions have occurred during this subsequent event reporting period that required recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. 

[This space intentionally left blank] 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand SecureTech Innovations, Inc., our operations, and our present business environment. MD A is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The audited financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on Form 10-K on May 1, 2024, should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. In the opinion of Management, all material adjustments necessary to present fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these unaudited financial statements. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a going concern opinion in their audit report dated May 1, 2024, which can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on May 1, 2024. This means that our auditors believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the other information included in this Quarterly Report as filed with the SEC on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 SecureTech, an innovative growth company, specializes in developing and marketing cutting-edge security and safety devices and technologies. Our mission is to preserve life, protect property, and prevent crime. Notably, SecureTech is the creator of Top Kontrol , a groundbreaking anti-theft and anti-carjacking system that can halt an in-progress carjacking without any intervention from the driver. Additionally, we are developing advanced cybersecurity technologies for blockchain and cryptocurrency ecosystems, covering areas such as mining, digital asset storage, and secure trading exchanges through our subsidiary, Piranha Blockchain. 
 
 Corporate Structure 
 
 The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure as of September 30, 2024: 

17 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate History 
 
 SecureTech, initially incorporated in Wyoming as SecureTech, Inc. on March 2, 2017, later changed its name to SecureTech Innovations, Inc. on December 20, 2017, reflecting our commitment to technological leadership and innovation. 
 
 With an eye on future growth, SecureTech subsequently established two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Piranha Blockchain, Inc. (incorporated in Wyoming on November 19, 2021) and Piranha Blockchain, Ltd. (established under Anguilla s International Business Company laws on November 25, 2021). These subsidiaries will drive our mission to advance cybersecurity technologies within blockchain and cryptocurrency ecosystems, emphasizing mining, digital asset storage, and secure trading exchanges. 
 
 Top Kontrol 

Top Kontrol stands as the world s most advanced anti-theft and anti-carjacking system. Unlike our competitors products, which merely safeguard vehicles from unattended theft, Top Kontrol elevates vehicle security and passenger safety. It uniquely thwarts active carjacking attempts without requiring any action from the driver. 
 
 Key Advantages of Top Kontrol: 

Anti-theft Circuits: Actively prevent automobile theft and carjacking. 

Idle Theft Prevention: Automatically stops theft even when keys are in the ignition and the engine is idling. 

Carjacking Defense: Provides both active and passive prevention against carjacking. 

Non-Interference: Does not disrupt other vehicle systems. 

Universal Compatibility: Compatible with most car and truck makes and models. 

Manual Engine Kill Switch: Allows manual shutdown of the engine. 

Wireless Security: Thwarts thieves attempting to hack wirelessly transmitted security codes. 

Battery-Independent Operation: Works even with a disabled car battery. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Retail Package Top 
 
 Retail Package Bottom 

For additional information on Top Kontrol or to view product demonstration videos, please visit the Top Kontrol website at www.topkontrol.com or the Top Kontrol YouTube Channel , respectively. 
 
 Industry: Automobile Theft in America 
 
 Car theft in the United States continues to rise annually to new record levels. In 2023, car thefts surpassed all previous records from 2022. 
 
 Top Kontrol ensures your car s safety even when you re not around. It prevents thieves from stealing your parked and unattended vehicle. Here s a snapshot of America s auto theft crisis in 2023: 
 
 1,020,729 
 
 Number of US cars stolen in 2023 
 
 8.9+ Billion 
 
 Value of cars stolen in the US in 2023 
 
 9,166 
 
 Average dollar loss per theft 
 
 Up 105 
 
 Increase in US car thefts between 2019 and 2023 
 
 31 Seconds 
 
 How often a car is stolen in the US 

Industry: Carjackings Continue Skyrocketing 
 
 Carjackings in the US nearly doubled again during 2023! 
 
 Below are some highlighted major US cities that experienced record levels of carjackings in 2023: 
 
 Increase in Carjackings 
 2023 

US City 

98 
 
 Washington, DC 
 
 222 
 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 
 133 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 121 
 
 New Orleans, LA 
 
 115 
 
 Oakland, CA 

Recent statistics from the National Crime Information Center reveal a significant surge in car thefts and carjackings. Between 2019 and 2023, motor vehicle thefts increased by 105 , while carjackings rose by 93 nationwide. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Top Kontrol stands out as the sole automobile safety device capable of preventing an active carjacking without any driver intervention. 
 
 Competition 
 
 In a fiercely competitive industry, SecureTech faces formidable rivals across every aspect of its business. Our company s success hinges on management s ability to innovate compelling products and market them effectively. By attracting a substantial customer base, we aim to generate the necessary revenues for sustained profitability. 
 
 SecureTech faces stiff competition from well-established players armed with substantial financial resources and extensive operating histories. Their advantages in marketing, purchasing power, and negotiation leverage are significant. Notable competitors include Viper www.viper.com ), Clifford www.clifford.com ), and OnStar www.onstar.com ). Additionally, we contend with lesser-known rivals and potential newcomers who may emerge in the future. 
 
 While our industry s size provides ample room for successful competition, we recognize that product technology continually evolves. New entrants consistently innovate, potentially surpassing our current offerings or rendering them obsolete. Adaptability and ongoing innovation are critical for maintaining our competitive edge. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 SecureTech collaborates with US-based contract manufacturers for product production, and the final assembly takes place at our Minnesota headquarters. Importantly, we maintain flexibility by not entering into long-term or exclusivity agreements with any specific manufacturer. This approach allows us to explore new partnerships and freely adapt as needed. 
 
 Our products at SecureTech proudly bear the coveted Made in the USA label. 
 
 Piranha Blockchain 

SecureTech, a forward-thinking company, is venturing into cutting-edge cybersecurity and blockchain technologies. This exciting initiative is spearheaded by its newly established Piranha Blockchain subsidiaries (collectively, Piranha ). Through Piranha, SecureTech aims to: 

Construct Secure, Low-Cost Green Energy Data Centers: Our data center focus will center around building environmentally friendly data centers that prioritize security while minimizing costs. 

Provide Advanced Cybersecurity Solutions: We intend to offer cutting-edge cybersecurity products to safeguard client data, protect identities, and defend digital assets against theft and ransom attacks. 

Develop Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Platforms: Our plans center around creating robust systems for mining, storage, and trading exchanges within the dynamic blockchain and cryptocurrency landscape. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 Piranha aims to diversify its revenue streams. Below are the four key sources through which Piranha intends to generate revenue: 

Product Sales. Piranha will generate revenue through one-time sales of cybersecurity hardware and applications. 

Subscription Services. Recurring monthly revenue will come from cybersecurity subscriptions and hosting services. 

Cryptocurrency Ventures. Piranha will engage in cryptocurrency mining, hosting third-party mining rigs, and pursue trailblazing joint venture projects. 

Transaction Fees. Revenue will also be earned from transaction fees related to cryptocurrency exchanges, cryptocurrency trading, and conversions into and from fiat currencies. 

Piranha s Growth Strategy: Innovation and Acquisitions 
 
 As Piranha looks to grow its business, it will combine internal innovation with strategic acquisitions. Internally, Piranha plans to invest in cutting-edge products and technologies, while externally, it seeks synergistic partnerships and acquisition candidates to accelerate overall growth. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our products are designed to meet all known existing or proposed governmental regulations. We currently meet all applicable standards for approvals by government regulatory agencies for our products and services. 
 
 Top Kontrol was issued a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Declaration of Conformity certification in March 2020. 
 
 Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 
 We believe there are no material issues or costs associated with our compliance with current environmental laws. We did not incur environmental expenses in the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024, nor do we anticipate environmental expenses in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Intellectual Property Rights and Proprietary Information 
 
 In our industry, innovation, investment in novel ideas, and safeguarding intellectual property rights play pivotal roles in achieving success. To protect our products and technologies, we leverage a combination of legal mechanisms, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and contractual obligations. Our commitment extends to robustly enforcing our intellectual property rights. 
 
 Notably, SecureTech holds a portfolio of issued and licensed patents, each with specific dates of issuance: 
 On May 7, 2013, Shongkawh, LLC a related party controlled by our President and CEO was granted US Patent No. 8,436,721 titled Automobile Theft Protection and Disablement System by the US Patent Trademark Office USPTO ). This patent is set to expire on March 19, 2030. SecureTech holds the exclusive license to utilize this patent until its expiration date. 
 
 Ensuring Our Competitive Edge 
 
 In addition to factors like innovation, technological expertise, and our skilled personnel, we recognize that maintaining a robust product portfolio is essential for staying competitive. Continual upgrades and enhancements to our offerings are key. When we achieve significant technological improvements, we actively seek patent protection. 
 
 Our Patent Strategy 
 
 Our proactive approach involves filing patent applications to secure legal protections for the novel features of our products and technologies. Before filing and granting patents, we meticulously disclose critical elements to our patent counsel. Simultaneously, we safeguard these features as trade secrets until product introduction. It s important to note that patent applications don t always result in issued patents covering all crucial claims and may face denial. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Trademark Protection 
 
 Beyond patents, we also prioritize trade name and trademark protection. As proud owners of federally registered trademarks, including SECURETECH INNOVATIONS and TOP KONTROL , we safeguard our brand identity. Additionally, SecureTech has a pending trademark registration application with the USPTO for PIRANHA BLOCKCHAIN. 
 
 Confidentiality Agreements 
 
 To maintain the integrity of our proprietary information, we enter into nondisclosure agreements with employees, consultants, and third parties. These agreements strictly prohibit the disclosure of our confidential data during and after their employment or working relationships. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our workforce comprises five employees: two full-time, three part-time, and three independent commission-based sales representatives. 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 2355 Highway 36 West, Suite 400, Roseville, MN 55113. We lease this space for 552 per month on a month-to-month basis. 
 
 We do not hold ownership or leasehold interest in any other property or equipment. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain a website with the address www.securetechinnovations.com . We make available free of charge through our Internet website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and any amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, nor incorporating it by reference into, this report. Additionally, the SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information that issuers, including us, file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website address is www.sec.gov . 
 
 Note Regarding Third-Party Information 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q incorporates market data, statistical information, and estimates drawn from various sources, including industry analysts' reports, market research firms' publications, and other independent resources. Additionally, our management team provides its own well-founded estimates and analyses. 
 
 While we consider these third-party reports reputable, it s important to note that we have not independently verified the underlying data sources, methodologies, or assumptions. Information based on estimates, forecasts, projections, or market research inherently carries uncertainties. As a result, actual events or circumstances may materially diverge from what is reflected in this information. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 A number of factors may cause our historical results of operations to not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods and may not be directly comparable from period to period. Below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting our results of operations. 
 
 Lack of Business Development, Sales, and Marketing Personnel 
 
 We do not have dedicated business development, sales, or marketing personnel. Most of our sales to date have been generated by our CEO, Kao Lee. Since Mr. Lee focuses most of his efforts on other aspects of our business, our sales and resulting 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 revenue have been significantly lower than they could have been if we had a capable and dedicated business development, sales, and marketing staff. 
 
 Once the second-generation Top Kontrol product line obtains regulatory approval for sale in the United States, we intend to hire and assemble a capable business development, sales, and marketing staff. This may be accomplished through internal hiring, outsourcing to third parties, or a combination thereof. 
 
 Caveat Emptor Designation Issues and Resulting Obstacles 
 
 On June 9, 2023, OTC Markets Group designated SecureTech s common stock traded on the OTC Pink Exchange with a Caveat Emptor designation for Promotion and Public Interest Concern. After a year-long review process, OTC Markets Group removed this Caveat Emptor designation on June 10, 2024. 
 
 While the Caveat Emptor designation was imposed on our securities, our common stock experienced an extended period of sporadic trading and a substantial decline in overall share price, making it difficult to raise capital to continue growing our business. SecureTech is taking extraordinary precautions moving forward and will implement new standard operating procedures (SOPs) to prevent such an occurrence from happening again. 
 
 Delayed Financing Activities 
 
 SecureTech had initially planned to conduct this Regulation A+ registered securities offering beginning in the Summer of 2023. However, due to the Caveat Emptor designation described above, the start of this planned capital raise has been delayed by at least 18 months. We presently anticipate filing our planned Regulation A+ registration statement with the SEC in late November 2024. 
 
 While the Caveat Emptor designation was imposed on our securities, SecureTech could not secure sufficient capital financing to execute its business plan. As a result, Management was forced to reduce costs and conserve cash. This was accomplished by limiting overall daily operations and delaying capital expenditures, including necessary research and development expenditures for the next generation of Top Kontrol. 
 
 Delayed Launch of Second Generation Top Kontrol Product Line 
 
 Because most of Management s time has been focused on remedying the Caveat Emptor designation and seeking acceptable sources of financing, research and development efforts have been significantly hampered. Presently, the second generation Top Kontrol base unit is undergoing field prototype testing. 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 

Sales 
 
 - 

4,450 

(4,450) 
 
 (100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 - 

1,194 

(1,194) 
 
 (100.0 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 - 

3,256 

(3,256) 
 
 (100.0 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 (81,642) 

(71,646) 

9,995 
 
 14.0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 
 (81,642) 

(68,390) 

13,251 
 
 19.4 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 
 (2,061) 

378 

(2,439) 
 
 (645.2 
 
 Net loss 
 
 (83,703) 

(68,012) 

15,691 
 
 23.1 

Sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were -0- compared to 4,450 for the same period in 2023. The lack of sales resulted from our CEO focusing all of his efforts on seeking suitable financing options rather than trying to sell what remains of our limited Top Kontrol inventory. 
 
 Our gross margins for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were -0- as compared to 73.2 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were 81,641 compared to 71,646 for the same period in 2023. The increase of 9,995, or 14.0 , was principally due to increases in professional fees and payroll accrual. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Other income (expense) is comprised of bank interest received on cash deposits, cashback rewards generated from a bank credit card, finance charges incurred on carried outstanding balances on our bank credit card, and imputed interest on non-interest bearing short-term related party loans. During the three months that ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 2,061) in other expenses, compared to 378 in other income for the same period of 2023. 
 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 83,703) compared to 68,012) for the same period in 2023, representing a 15,691, or 23.1 , increase compared to the previous fiscal period. The change was principally attributed to lack of sales described above. 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

For the nine months ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 

Sales 
 
 14,235 

42,050 

(27,815) 
 
 (66.1 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 3,421 

11,211 

(7,790) 
 
 (69.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 10,814 

30,839 

(20,025) 
 
 (64.9 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 (265,867) 

(311,183) 

(45,316) 
 
 (14.6 
 
 Loss from operations 
 
 (255,053) 

(288,845) 

(33,792) 
 
 (11.7 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 
 (3,838) 

1,788 

(5,626) 
 
 (314.7 
 
 Net loss 
 
 (258,892) 

(288,845) 

29,953 
 
 10.4 

Sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 14,235 compared to 42,050 for the same period in 2023, representing a 16,200), or (92.3 ), decrease compared to the previous fiscal period. All sales were attributable to Top Kontrol. The significant drop in sales was attributable to our CEO shifting his time from predominately focused on sales efforts to seeking suitable financing options. 
 
 Our gross margins for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 76.0 as compared to 73.3 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 265,867 compared to 311,183 for the same period in 2023. The decrease of 45,316), or (14.6 ), was principally due to reduced staff and generally lower payroll expenses. 
 
 Other income (expense) is comprised of bank interest received on cash deposits, cashback rewards generated from a bank credit card, finance charges incurred on carried outstanding balances on our bank credit card, and imputed interest on non-interest bearing short-term related party loans. During the nine months that ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 3,838) in other expenses, compared to 1,788 in other income for the same period of 2023. 
 
 Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 258,892) compared to 288,845) for the same period in 2023, representing a 29,953, or 10.4 , improvement compared to the previous fiscal period. The change was principally due to reduced staff and generally lower payroll expenses. 
 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 
 
 Our stockholders deficit was 396,700) as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal demands for liquidity are related to our efforts to generate sales, manufacturing inventory, and expenditures related to sales, regulatory compliance, and general corporate purposes. We intend to meet our liquidity demands, including capital expenditures related to the manufacture of inventory and the expansion of our business, primarily through cash flow provided by operations and sales of our securities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a cashback revolving credit line of 15,000 and an outstanding balance of 14,806. Under the terms of this line of credit, SecureTech is to receive 1.5 back on all purchases made through it. Management strives to put as many ordinary operating expenses as possible through this credit line to reduce operating expenses passively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 We rely primarily on internally generated cash flow and available working capital to support operations and growth. Although we believe that our current cash and anticipated cash receipts from sales of Top Kontrol will be sufficient to meet our planned working capital requirements and capital expenditures over the next 12 months, we are constantly exploring additional sources of new capital. Without limiting our available options, future financings will most likely be through the sale of additional shares of our common stock. We may also include warrants, options, and/or rights in conjunction with any future issuances of our common stock. However, we can give no assurance that future financing will be available to us and, if available to us, in amounts or on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total assets decreased to 14,097 from 24,217 on December 31, 2023. The decrease primarily reflects decreases in inventory and cash. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total liabilities increased to 410,797 from 173,088 on December 31, 2023. The increase is principally from net increases in accounts payable and accrued payroll, 
 
 We had a net working capital deficit of (399,449) as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 247,092), or (162.2 ), from a net working capital deficit of 152,357) as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 
 (45,598) 

(133,773) 

(88,175) 
 
 (65.9 

Financing activities 
 
 39,611 

36,000 

3,611 
 
 10.0 

Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 45,598), a decrease of 88,175), or (65.9 ), from cash used in operating activities of 133,773) during the same period of 2023. The decrease in our cash used by operating activities was primarily attributable to temporary reductions in general operating activities. When SecureTech secures adequate funding to resume normal and expanded levels of general operating activities, we anticipate these expenses will increase proportionately. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 39,611 compared to 36,000 during the same period of 2023, representing an increase of 3,611, or 10.0 , compared to the previous fiscal period. Cash received from financing activities was in the form of loans made to SecureTech by its CEO and from the sale of securities for cash. 
 
 Ongoing and Future Capital Funding Efforts 
 
 As of November 19, 2024, SecureTech was preparing a Regulation A+ registered securities offering. Funds generated from this planned securities offering will be used for general working capital to produce the initial inventory for the 2nd Generation Top Kontrol product line and start construction on Piranha Blockchain s first data center. We anticipate filing the necessary paperwork to register the proposed Regulation A+ offering with the SEC in late 2024. 
 
 Going Concern Consideration 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a going concern opinion in their audit report dated May 1, 2024, which can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on May 1, 2024. This means that our auditors believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Operations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no off-balance sheet activities or operations. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any contractual obligations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The accompanying financial statements of SecureTech have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because a precise determination of many assets and liabilities is dependent upon future events, the preparation of financial statements for a period necessarily involves the use of estimates which have been made using careful judgment. Actual results may vary from these estimates. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 For purposes of the statement of cash flows, SecureTech considers highly liquid financial instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SecureTech had no cash equivalents. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and ASC 825, Financial Instruments, requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. It establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. It prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 
 
 Level 
 
 Description 

Level 1 
 
 Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Inventory and Cost of Sales 
 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or realizable value, using the weighted average cost method. When an impairment indicator suggests that the carrying amounts of inventories might not be recoverable, Management reviews such carrying amounts and estimates the net realizable value based on the most reliable evidence available at that time. An impairment loss is recorded if the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. Impairment indicators considered for these purposes are, among others, obsolescence, decrease in market prices, damage, and a firm commitment to sell. 
 
 Net Loss per Share Calculation 
 
 Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. SecureTech excludes all potentially dilutive securities from its diluted net loss per share computation since their effect would be anti-dilutive because SecureTech recorded a loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Effective January 1, 2018, SecureTech adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
 
 SecureTech s primary source of revenue is the sale of our Top Kontrol product, which we began selling in late April 2020. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Top Kontrol requires installation by a Certified Top Kontrol Technician. To become a Certified Top Kontrol Technician, an automotive technician must complete a one-day hands-on course hosted by SecureTech. Failure to have Top Kontrol installed by a Certified Top Kontrol Technician voids the product s limited liability warranty. 
 
 Because of this professional installation requirement, SecureTech generally sells its products to and through Certified Top Kontrol Technicians. In the instances where SecureTech sells directly to the end-user, product installation is performed by authorized SecureTech personnel. 
 
 Revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied. Revenue is recorded net of marketing allowances, volume discounts, and other forms of variable consideration. Generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of our product to the customer and payment has been received. SecureTech does not offer terms or credit to any of its customers. 
 
 Revenue Recognition; ASC 606 Five-Step Model 
 
 Under ASC 606, SecureTech recognizes revenue from the sale of service contracts by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Revenue Recognition; General Right of Return 
 
 Customers are allowed to return defective goods (warranty returns). In some instances, customers may be allowed to return a limited number of units for periodic stock adjustment returns. Such stock adjustment returns would be limited to no more than 5 of their total units sold. 
 
 As is standard in the industry, we only will accept returns from active customers. If a customer ceases doing business with us, we have no further obligation to accept additional product returns from that customer. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 SecureTech accounts for income taxes pursuant to FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under FASB ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases of certain assets and liabilities for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified according to the financial statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences. 
 
 SecureTech maintains a valuation allowance with respect to deferred tax assets. SecureTech establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing the deferred tax asset and taking into consideration SecureTech s financial position and results of operations for the current period. Future realization of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period under the Federal tax laws. 
 
 Changes in circumstances, such as SecureTech generating taxable income, could cause a change in judgment about its ability to realize the related deferred tax asset. Any change in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 There are various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to have a material impact on SecureTech s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Not applicable since we are a smaller reporting company. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the SEC. 
 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), to assess the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our Management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure due to a material weakness. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in SecureTech s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Management s Quarterly Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In designing and evaluating our internal control over financial reporting and related procedures, Management recognizes that because of inherent limitations, any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, may not prevent or detect misstatements and can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of internal control over financial reporting procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Based on Management s assessment, we have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective in timely alerting Management to the material information relating to us required to be included in our annual and interim filings with the SEC. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting had the following material weaknesses: 

SecureTech's system of internal controls failed to identify multiple journal entries that were identified by the SecureTech's external auditor; 

SecureTech has no formal control process related to the identification and approval of related party transactions; 

SecureTech could not maintain any segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function; 

SecureTech lacks sufficient resources to perform the internal audit function and does not have an Audit Committee; 

We do not have an independent Board of Directors, nor do we have a board member designated as an independent financial expert to SecureTech. The Board of Directors is comprised of two (2) members, both of whom also serve as executive officers. As a result, there is a lack of independent oversight of the management team, a lack of independent review of our operating and financial results, and a lack of independent review of disclosures made by SecureTech; and 

Documentation of all proper accounting procedures is not yet complete. 

These weaknesses have existed since SecureTech s inception on March 2, 2017, and have not been remedied as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Management believes in order to cure the aforementioned material weaknesses, SecureTech needs to take the following steps: 

Engage outside consultants to ensure consistency in accounting policies and procedures across the organization. This step would enhance our control over financial statement disclosures; 

Hire additional qualified financial personnel, including a full-time Chief Financial Officer; 

Expand our current board of directors to include additional independent individuals who are willing to perform directorial functions; and 

Increase our workforce to accommodate growing sales and higher volumes. 

Management believes that effectively addressing these material weaknesses would necessitate the addition of at least three independent board members and one executive financial officer who is independent and not a board member. We estimate that SecureTech s minimum annual expense to retain qualified personnel to fill these vacant roles would be at least 650,000, possibly even more. 
 
 Given that these remedial actions require hiring additional personnel at a substantial cost, these material weaknesses are likely to remain unremediated until SecureTech can generate sufficient revenues or raise significant outside funding necessary to address them. In the meantime, we will continue to rely on the limited advice of outside professionals and consultants. 
 
 Changes in Controls and Procedures 
 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 During the past ten years, no director, person nominated to become a director or executive officer, or promoter of SecureTech has been involved in any legal proceeding that would require disclosure hereunder. 
 
 From time to time, we may become subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties for which the outcome cannot be predicted. Any adverse result in these or other legal matters could arise and cause harm to our business. We currently are not a party to any claim or litigation, the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Not applicable since we are a smaller reporting company. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

S-1 

333-223078 

3.1 

2/16/2018 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws 

S-1 
 
 333-223078 
 
 3.2 
 
 2/16/2018 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated December 20, 2017 

S-1 

333-223078 

3.3 

2/16/2018 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 

8-K 

3.4 

6/2/2023 

30 

Table of Contents 
 10.1 
 
 Patent License Agreement between SecureTech, Inc. and Shongkawh, LLC dated March 2, 2017 

S-1 

333-223078 

10.1 

2/16/2018 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Patent License Agreement between SecureTech, Inc. and Shongkawh, LLC dated March 13, 2024 

10-Q 

10.2 

5/15/24 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics adopted May 12, 2022 

8-K 

14.1 

5/16/2022 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Kao Lee, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Anthony Vang, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Kao Lee, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Anthony Vang, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

X 

31 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SECURETECH INNOVATIONS, INC. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kao Lee 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
 Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Vang 

Treasurer, Secretary, 
 Principal Financial Officer, 
 Principal Accounting Officer, and Director 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF KAO LEE, PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-15(E) OR RULE 15D-15(E)

Exhibit 31.1 -- Kao Lee Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 
 
 I, Kao Lee, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SecureTech Innovations, Inc. for the interim period ended September 30, 2024; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to effect materially, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kao Lee 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
 Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF ANTHONY VANG, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-15(E) OR RULE 15D-15(E)

Exhibit 31.2 -- Anthony Vang Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 
 
 I, Anthony Vang, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SecureTech Innovations, Inc. for the interim period ended September 30, 2024; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to effect materially, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Vang 

Treasurer, Secretary, 
 Principal Financial Officer, 
 Principal Accounting Officer, and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF KAO LEE, PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1 -- Kao Lee Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of SecureTech Innovations, Inc. Company on Form 10-Q for the interim period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof Report ), I, Kao Lee, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kao Lee 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
 Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF ANTHONY VANG, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.2 -- Anthony Vang Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of SecureTech Innovations, Inc. Company on Form 10-Q for the interim period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof Report ), I, Anthony Vang, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Vang 

Treasurer, Secretary, 
 Principal Financial Officer, 
 Principal Accounting Officer, and Director 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 scth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 scth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 scth-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 scth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

