<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1043961_0001558370-24-014619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8670483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115134</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1218132</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2971851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1550635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2589874</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014619.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Precipio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043961
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				911789357
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36439
		FILM NUMBER:		241430898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12325 EMMET ST
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68164
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203 787 7888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 SCIENCE PARK
		CITY:			NEW HAVEN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSGENOMIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014619.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 prpo-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

a 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 3, 2024, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX Page No. PART I. Financial Information 3 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 7 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 PART II. Other Information 36 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 Item 2 . Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 40 Item 3 . Defaults Upon Senior Securities 40 Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures 41 Item 5 . Other Information 41 Item 6. Exhibits 41 Signatures 42 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

(unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash Accounts receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) Inventories Other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET OTHER ASSETS: Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangibles, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current maturities of long-term debt, less debt issuance costs Current maturities of finance lease liabilities Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Total current liabilities LONG TERM LIABILITIES: Long-term debt, less current maturities and debt issuance costs Finance lease liabilities, less current maturities Operating lease liabilities, less current maturities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 5) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock - par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, liquidation preference of at September 30, 2024 Common stock, par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SALES: Service revenue, net Product revenue Revenue, net of contractual allowances and adjustments Adjustment for allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Net sales COST OF SALES: Cost of service revenue Cost of product revenue Total cost of sales Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES: Operating expenses OPERATING LOSS ) ) ) ) OTHER EXPENSE: Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) ) ) INCOME TAX EXPENSE NET LOSS ) ) ) ) BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Noncontrolling Outstanding Par Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Interest in Shares Value Shares Value Capital Deficit Total Joint Venture Total Balance, July 1, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for consulting services Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2024 ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Noncontrolling Outstanding Par Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Interest in Shares Value Shares Value Capital Deficit Total Joint Venture Total Balance, January 1, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with at the market offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock for consulting services Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2024 ) See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Noncontrolling Outstanding Par Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Total Interest in Shares Value Shares (1) Value (1) Capital (1) Deficit Precipio, Inc. Joint Venture Total Balance, July 1, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with restricted stock awards Payment of fractional common shares in conjunction with reverse stock split ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Noncontrolling Outstanding Par Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Total Interest in Shares Value Shares (1) Value (1) Capital (1) Deficit Precipio, Inc. Joint Venture Total Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with purchase agreements Issuance of common stock in connection with at the market offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock in connection with restricted stock awards Payment of fractional common shares in conjunction with reverse stock split ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) (1) The common stock and additional paid-in capital for all periods presented reflect the one-for- twenty reverse stock split, which was effected on September 21, 2023 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset Amortization of finance lease right-of-use asset Amortization of deferred financing costs, debt discounts and debt premiums Stock-based compensation Value of stock issued in payment of services Provision for credit losses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Other assets Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Deposits on finance lease right-of-use assets ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH ) ) CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AT END OF PERIOD See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS- CONTINUED (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for interest SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CONSULTING SERVICES OR ANY OTHER NON-CASH COMMON STOCK RELATED ACTIVITY Purchases of equipment financed through accounts payable Prepaid insurance financed with loan Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Finance lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements . 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 PRECIPIO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 million and net cash used in operating activities of million. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 million and a working capital deficit of million. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is dependent upon a combination of achieving its business plan, including generating additional revenue and avoiding potential business disruption due to the macroeconomic environment and geopolitical instability, and raising additional financing to meet its debt obligations and paying liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. To meet its current and future obligations the Company has taken the following steps to capitalize the business: On April 14, 2023, the Company entered into a sales agreement with AGP, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell its common stock having aggregate sales proceeds of up to million, to or through AGP, as sales agent (the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement ). The sale of our shares of common stock to or through AGP, pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement, will be made pursuant to the registration statement (the 2023 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271277), filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 14, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed by the Company with the SEC on April 25, 2023, and declared effective on April 27, 2023. On April 8, 2024, we filed a prospectus supplement to our prospectus dated April 25, 2023 registering the offer and sale of up to of shares of our common stock (the April 2024 Prospectus Supplement ). As of the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company has approximately million available for future sales pursuant to the 2023 Registration Statement, which includes approximately million of remaining availability pursuant to the April 2024 Prospectus Supplement. See Note 7 Stockholders Equity, AGP 2023 Sales Agreement, for further discussion. Notwithstanding the aforementioned circumstances, there remains substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date these condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully achieve its initiatives summarized above in order to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report Form 10-Q. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 and shares of our common stock have been excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, because the effect is anti-dilutive due to the net loss. Warrants Preferred stock Total 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 DECD debt issuance costs ) ) Financed insurance loan Business loan agreement Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net of current maturities Department of Economic and Community Development. On January 8, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with the Connecticut Department of Economic and Community Development DECD by which the Company received a loan of secured by substantially all of the Company s assets (the DECD 2018 Loan ). The DECD 2018 Loan is a loan due on and includes interest paid monthly at . The maturity date of the DECD 2018 Loan was extended to and the modification did not have a material impact on the Company s cash flows. Amortization of the debt issuance costs were less than thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Financed Insurance Loan. The Company finances certain of its insurance premiums (the Financed Insurance Loans ). In July 2024, the Company financed million with a interest rate and is obligated to make payments on a monthly basis through June 2025. In July 2023, the Company financed million with a interest rate and made payments on a monthly basis through June 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Financed Insurance Loan s outstanding balance of million and million, respectively, was included in current maturities of long-term debt in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. A corresponding prepaid asset was included in other current assets. Business Loan Agreement. On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Altbanq Lending LLC, pursuant to which the Company obtained a loan in the principal amount of (the Secured Loan ). According to the Loan Agreement, the Company granted the lender a continuing security interest in certain collateral (as defined in the Loan Agreement). Furthermore, the Company s Chief Executive Officer provided a personal guaranty for the Secured Loan. The Secured Loan has a term of and an interest rate of , such that pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay the Lender 52 payments of on a weekly basis and the total sum of the Secured Loan and interest (not including any fees) shall equal a total repayment amount of . If the Company defaults on payments then a default fee of shall be payable to the lender. The Company has the right, at its discretion, to request the lender to loan an additional amount of up to on the same terms and conditions as set forth in the Loan Agreement, provided that there has been no material change in the Company s finances. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of million and , respectively, under the Loan Agreement, was included in current maturities of long-term debt in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued compensation Accrued franchise, property and sales and use taxes CHC temporary funding assistance Accrued interest The Company uses Change Healthcare CHC ), a healthcare technology company owned by UnitedHealth Group, to process some of its patient claims billings. In February 2024, CHC announced that it had experienced a cyberattack and as a result had to temporarily shut down some of its information technology systems. This system shut down caused delays in billing and reimbursement processes to CHC s customers and, as a result, CHC established a Temporary Funding Assistance Program to help bridge the gap in short-term cash flow needs for customers affected by the disruption of its services due to the cyberattack. Funding distributed through this program is interest free and has no other fees or costs associated with it. As of September 30, 2024, CHC s systems have yet to be fully restored. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received approximately million through CHC s Temporary Assistance Program. On October 28, 2024, the Company received a notice from CHC stating that they have restored the connectivity of their systems and are requesting repayment of the funds the Company received through the Temporary Assistance Program. The repayment date contained in the notice is January 2, 2025. The Company anticipates negotiating a repayment plan that will enable the Company to meet its obligations to CHC while continuing to support our ongoing operational needs with minimal disruption. million at September 30, 2024. LITIGATIONS CPA Global provides us with certain patent management services. On February 6, 2017, CPA Global claimed that we owed approximately million for certain patent maintenance services rendered. CPA Global has not filed claims against us in connection with this allegation. A liability of less than million has been recorded and is reflected in accounts payable within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT The healthcare industry is subject to numerous laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, matters such as licensure, accreditation, government healthcare 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 or more options to renew, from to or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is typically at our sole discretion, therefore, the renewals to extend the lease terms are not included in our right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. We regularly evaluate the renewal options and, when they are reasonably certain of exercise, we include the renewal period in our lease term. As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. Operating leases result in the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. ROU assets represent our right to use the leased asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The primary leases we enter into with initial terms of 12 months or less are for equipment. The Company also recognizes ROU assets from finance leases in connection with its HemeScreen Reagent Rental HSRR program. For certain customers in the HSRR program, the Company leases diagnostic testing equipment and then subleases the equipment to the customer. Finance lease ROU assets and finance lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date, and at the sublease commencement date the finance lease ROU asset is derecognized and is recorded as cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. There were derecognized finance lease ROU assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Where Precipio is the lessor, customers lease diagnostic testing equipment from the Company with the transfer of ownership to the customer at the end of the lease term at no additional cost. For these contracts, the Company accounts for the arrangements as sales-type leases. The lease asset for sales-type leases is the net investment in leased asset, which is recorded once the finance lease ROU asset is derecognized and a related gain or loss is noted. The net investment in leased assets was million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in other current assets and other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets, net (1) Total lease assets Liabilities: Current: Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Current maturities of finance lease liabilities Noncurrent: Operating lease liabilities, less current maturities Finance lease liabilities, less current maturities Total lease liabilities (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, finance lease right-of-use assets included , respectively, of assets related to finance leases associated with the HSRR program. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total lease obligations Less: Amount representing interest ) ) ) Present value of net minimum lease obligations Less, current portion ) ) ) Long term portion Other information as of September30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is as follows: Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating cash flows from operating leases was million, respectively, and operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities was and million, respectively. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 million and , respectively. Operating Lease Costs Operating lease costs were approximately million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These costs are primarily related to long-term operating leases for the Company s facilities and laboratory equipment. Short-term and variable lease costs were less than million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Finance Lease Costs Finance lease amortization and interest expenses are included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The balances within these accounts are less than million, respectively. shares of common stock authorized for issuance. On December 20, 2018, the Company s shareholders approved the proposal to authorize the Company s Board of Directors to, in its discretion, amend the Company s Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the total number of authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares. The Company has not yet implemented this increase. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued and shares of its common stock, respectively, in connection with consulting services of approximately million and million, respectively. At The Market Offering Agreement AGP Sales Agreement On April 2, 2021, the Company entered into a sales agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners AGP ), pursuant to which the Company was permitted to offer and sell its common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock (the Shares ), having aggregate sales proceeds of up to million. Shares can be sold either directly to or through AGP as a sales agent (the AGP Sales Agreement ), from time to time, in an at the market offering (as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the Shares (the 2021 ATM Offering ). The Company is limited in the number of shares it can sell in the 2021 ATM Offering due to the offering limitations currently applicable to the Company under General Instruction I.B.6. of Form S-3 and the Company s public float as of the applicable date of such sales, as well as the number of authorized and unissued shares available for issuance, in accordance with the terms of the AGP Sales Agreement. The sale of our shares of Common Stock to or through AGP, will be made pursuant to the registration statement (the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-237445), which was declared effective by the SEC on April 13, 2020, for an aggregate offering price of up to million. Under the AGP Sales Agreement, Shares were permitted to be sold by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering. AGP will also be able to sell shares of Common Stock by any other method permitted by law, including in negotiated transactions with the Company s prior written consent. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the AGP Sales Agreement, AGP was required to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations, and 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 of the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares on the Company s behalf pursuant to the AGP Sales Agreement. The AGP Sales Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for transactions of this type. In addition, the Company has provided AGP with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company also agreed to reimburse AGP for certain specified expenses, including the expenses of counsel to AGP. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received net proceeds of and million from the sale of and shares of common stock through the AGP Sales Agreement. As of the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have received an aggregate of million in net proceeds, after issuance costs of approximately million, from the sale of shares of common stock pursuant to the AGP Sales Agreement. The offering of the Shares pursuant to the AGP Sales Agreement terminated upon the expiration of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-237445). AGP 2023 Sales Agreement On April 14, 2023, the Company entered into the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement, in an at the market offering (as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the shares of Common Stock. AGP will be entitled to a commission at a fixed rate of of the gross proceeds from each sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. The sale of our shares of Common Stock to or through AGP, pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement, will be made pursuant to the 2023 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271277), filed by the Company with the SEC on April 14, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed by the Company with the SEC on April 25, 2023, and declared effective on April 27, 2023, for an aggregate offering price of up to million. On April 8, 2024, we filed a prospectus supplement (the April 2024 Prospectus Supplement to our prospectus dated April 25, 2023 registering the offer and sale of up to of shares of our common stock During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received net proceeds of and less than thousand, respectively, from the sale of and shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received net proceeds of and million, respectively, from the sale of and shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. We have approximately million of remaining availability pursuant to the 2024 Prospectus Supplement. Registered Direct Offering On June 8, 2023, the Company, entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Purchasers, in a registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering ), an aggregate of: (i) shares (the Shares of its common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), at a price of per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, at a price of per Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company reviewed the provisions of the Pre-Funded Warrants to determine the balance sheet classification and concluded that these warrants are to be classified as equity and are not subject to remeasurement on each balance sheet 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 per share, and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. All of the Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2023 and Pre-Funded Warrants were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. In a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement and together with the Registered Direct Offering, the Offering ), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Purchasers, for no additional consideration, warrants (the RDO Common Warrants and, together with the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The Company reviewed the provisions of the RDO Common Warrants to determine the balance sheet classification and concluded that these warrants are to be classified as equity and are not subject to remeasurement on each balance sheet date. The RDO Common Warrants are exercisable beginning after the date of issuance, have an exercise price of per share, and will expire December 12, 2028. The fair value of the RDO Common Warrants of approximately million at the date of issuance was estimated using the Black-Scholes model which used the following inputs: term of years; risk free rate of ; volatility of ; and share price of per share based on the trading price of the Company s common stock. The Company allocated million of the issuance proceeds to the RDO Common Warrants based on the relative fair value of the RDO Common Warrants, Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants issued in the Offering. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants may not exercise the warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than (or, at the election of the purchaser, of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of by providing at least prior notice to the Company. The Registered Direct Offering resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million. The net proceeds to the Company from the Registered Direct Offering are approximately million, excluding any proceeds that may be received upon the cash exercise of the RDO Common Warrants, after deducting the financial advisor s fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Registered Direct Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include capital expenditures, research and development expenditures, regulatory affairs expenditures, clinical trial expenditures, acquisitions of new technologies and investments and others. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company, other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions. Additionally, each of the directors and executive officers of the Company, pursuant to lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreements ), agreed not to sell or transfer any of the Company securities which they hold, subject to certain exceptions, during the -day period following the closing of the Registered Direct Offering. The Purchase Agreement also requires the Company to use commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the RDO Common Warrants within thirty ) days of the date of the Purchase Agreement. The Company filed this registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-273172), which was declared effective by the SEC on July 19, 2023. On June 7, 2023, the Company also entered into a financial advisory agreement (the Financial Advisor Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Financial Advisor ). Pursuant to the terms of the Financial Advisor Agreement, the Financial Advisor agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the Securities. The Company paid the Financial Advisor a cash fee of generated from the sale of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants. The Financial Advisor Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Financial Advisor, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, (i) it will not issue any shares of common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock or to file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto for a period of ninety ) days following the closing of the 

 18 

Table of Contents) days following the closing of the Offering. The Registered Direct Offering was made pursuant to the 2023 Registration Statement, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated June 9, 2023. As a result of sales already made through the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement and the Registered Direct Offering, the Company has million of remaining availability under the 2023 Registration Statement. Preferred Stock. The Company s Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to shares of preferred stock in one or more series, from time to time, with such designations, powers, preferences and rights and such qualifications, limitations and restrictions as may be provided in a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. Series B Preferred Stock. The Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock with the State of Delaware, which designates shares of our preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value of thousand per share and a par value of per share. The Series B Preferred Stock includes a beneficial ownership blocker but has dividend rights (except to the extent dividends are also paid on the common stock). On August 28, 2017, the Company completed an underwritten public offering consisting of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock and warrants. The conversion price of the Series B Preferred Stock contains a down round feature. The Company will recognize the effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. At that time, the effect would be treated as a deemed dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in our basic earnings per share calculation. There were conversions of Series B Preferred Stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had shares of Series B Preferred Stock designated and issued and shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. Based on the stated value of thousand per share and a conversion price of per share, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock at September 30, 2024 were convertible into shares of common stock. Common Stock Warrants. 

 (1) These warrants were issued in connection with the 2023 registered direct offering and concurrent private placement and are the RDO common warrants discussed below. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and warrants expired, respectively. The warrants had been issued in connection with transactions that were completed in 2018. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and warrants expired, respectively. The warrants had been issued in connection with transactions that were completed in 2019. RDO Common Warrants . In connection with the Registered Direct Offering and concurrent private placement in June 2023, the Company issued RDO Common Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 after the date of issuance, have an exercise price of per share, and will expire December 12, 2028. warrant liabilities to be valued. As of December 31, 2023, assumptions used in the valuation of the Bridge Note Warrant Liabilities include: remaining life to maturity of to years; volatility rate of to ; and risk free rate of to . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) were . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities were less than thousand, respectively. . The shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan were at September 30, 2024, of which were available for future grant. The shares authorized under the 2017 Plan are subject to annual increases on January 1 by of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lessor number of shares determined by the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the shares authorized for issuance increased by shares. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of per share. These awards have vesting periods of up to and had a weighted average grant date fair value of . The fair value calculation of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 used the following assumptions: risk free interest rate of to , based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant; expected life of ; and volatility of to based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock over a time that is consistent with the expected life of the option. On August 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors (the Board approved a one-time stock option repricing (the Option Repricing ), effective August 31, 2024 (the Effective Date ). The repricing was undertaken in accordance with, and as permitted by the 2017 Plan. The Option Repricing applies to all Relevant Options (as defined below) granted pursuant to the 2017 Plan that were held by employees, including executive officers and non-employee directors of the Board, to the extent such options had an exercise price in excess of , the closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market on August 30, 2024. Relevant Options means all outstanding eligible stock options granted to eligible employees, service providers and non-employee directors of the board of the Company before and including December 31, 2022. As of the Effective Date, all such options were repriced such that the exercise price per share was reduced to , provided that the original exercise price will apply to stock option exercises during a retention period. Under the terms of the Option Repricing, if prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date (except following a change of control), a Relevant Option is exercised or employment/services are terminated by the Company with cause or voluntarily by the option holder, the option holder will be required to pay the original exercise price of the Relevant Option. If the employment/services of an option holder is terminated by the Company without cause prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the option holder will retain the benefit of the reduced exercise price . The Option Repricing does not change the number of shares, the vesting schedule, or the expiration date of the Relevant Options. Out of the Company s approximately total outstanding options on the Effective Date, approximately were repriced. The Board approved the Option Repricing after careful consideration of various alternatives and the recommendation of the compensation committee of the Board that the repricing was fair, just, and reasonable to the Company and its stockholders. Management determined that the Option Repricing represents a modification of the impacted awards and calculated incremental compensation cost of approximately million resulting from the modification. The incremental expense will be recognized over years. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, there were options that were vested or expected to vest with aggregate intrinsic value of million and a remaining weighted average contractual life of years. Restricted Stock Awards. Restricted stock awards are subject to vesting restrictions. If a grantee s service with the Company is terminated prior to vesting of the restricted stock, all unvested shares shall be forfeited and returned to the Company. Upon vesting, the restricted stock award shall no longer be deemed restricted. As of September 30, 2024, there were and restricted stock awards that were vested and unvested, respectively. There were restricted stock awards granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were restricted stock awards granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Stock Compensation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense for all stock awards of million and million, respectively, within operating expense in the accompanying statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense for all stock awards of million and million, respectively, within operating expense in the accompanying statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock awards and the Option Repricing was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

 22 

Table of Contents 

23 

Table of Contents 
 business segment and, therefore, the results of our operations are reported on a consolidated basis for purposes of segment reporting, consistent with internal management reporting. Service revenue, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: Medicare Self-pay Third party payers Contract diagnostics and other Service revenue, net 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) Diagnostic Testing 2024 2023 Medicaid Medicare Self-pay Third party payers Contract diagnostics and other Service revenue, net Revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid programs account for a portion of the Company s patient diagnostic service revenue. Laws and regulations governing those programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation. As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by a material amount in the near term. Revenue Recognition Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price using the expected value method based on historical experience. The Company does not typically enter arrangements where multiple contracts can be combined as the terms regarding services are generally found within a single agreement/requisition form. The Company derives its revenues from the following types of transactions: diagnostic testing Diagnostic ), revenues from the Company s ICP technology and bio-pharma projects encompassing genetic diagnostics (collectively Biomarker ), revenues from clinical research grants from state and federal research programs and diagnostic product sales, including revenues from equipment leases and reagent sales associated with our HSRR program. Deferred revenue Deferred revenue, or unearned revenue, refers to advance payments for products or services that are to be delivered in the future. The Company records such prepayment of unearned revenue as a liability, as revenue that has not yet been earned, but represents products or services that are owed to a customer. As the product or service is delivered over time, the Company recognizes the appropriate amount of revenue from deferred revenue. For the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the deferred revenue was million and million, respectively. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Medicare ) Self-pay Third party payers ) ) Contract diagnostics and other ) ) Product ) ) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) Contractual Allowances and Revenues, net of Contractual Gross Revenues adjustments Allowances and adjustments 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Medicaid Medicare ) Self-pay Third party payers ) ) Contract diagnostics ) ) Product ) ) 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Medicare ) ) Self-pay ) Third party payers ) ) Contract diagnostics and other ) ) Product ) ) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenues, net of (dollars in thousands) Contractual Allowances Allowances for credit and adjustments losses Total 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Medicaid ) ) Medicare ) ) Self-pay ) ) Third party payers ) ) Contract diagnostics and other ) ) Product ) ) Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Customer Contract Sales commissions are expensed when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and handling costs are comprised of inbound and outbound freight and associated labor. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities related to contracts with customers as fulfillment costs which are included in cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Accounts Receivable The Company has provided an allowance for potential credit losses, which has been determined based on management s industry experience. The Company grants credit without collateral to its patients, most of who are insured under third party payer agreements. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Medicare Self-pay Third party payers Contract diagnostic services, product and other Less allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net Provision for credit losses: Medicaid ) Medicare ) Self-pay ) Third party payers ) ) Credit loss expense Total charges ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Customer Revenue and Accounts Receivable Concentration Our customers are oncologists, hospitals, reference laboratories, physician-office laboratories, and pharma and biotech companies. Customers that accounted for 10 or greater of our net sales or accounts receivable for the identified periods is as follows: Customer B Customer C Customer D represents less than 10 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Information This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis, contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on management s current views, assumptions or beliefs of future events and financial performance and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Readers of this report should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. Many factors could affect our actual financial results and cause them to vary materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things: our expected revenue, income (loss), receivables, operating expenses, the effects of the recent Change Healthcare cyberattack on us or our operations, supplier pricing, availability and prices of raw materials, insurance reimbursements, product pricing, foreign currency exchange rates, sources of funding operations and acquisitions, our ability to raise funds, sufficiency of available liquidity, future interest and inflation costs, future economic circumstances, business strategy, industry conditions and key trends, our ability to execute our operating plans, the success of our cost savings initiatives, competitive environment and related market conditions, our ability to comply with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, expected financial and other benefits from our organizational restructuring activities, geopolitical uncertainties including the ongoing Russia and Ukraine conflict and the Israel-Hamas war, actions of governments and regulatory factors affecting our business, projections of future earnings, revenues, synergies, accretion or other financial items, any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, retaining key employees and other risks as described in our reports filed with the SEC. In some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, should, will, would or the negative of such terms and other similar expressions. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various assumptions, risks and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements that we make for a number of reasons, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. The following discussion should be read together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the financial statements, related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2024. Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be attained in the future. Overview Precipio, Inc., and its subsidiaries, (collectively, we , us , our , the Company or Precipio is a healthcare biotechnology company focused on cancer diagnostics. Our mission is to address the pervasive problem of cancer misdiagnoses by developing solutions in the form of diagnostic products and services. Our products and services aim to deliver higher accuracy, improved laboratory workflow, and ultimately better patient outcomes, which reduce healthcare expenses. We develop innovative technologies in our laboratory where we design, test, validate, and use these products clinically. We believe these technologies improve diagnostic outcomes across various diseases within the hematologic field. We then commercialize these technologies as proprietary products that serve the global laboratory community in furtherance of our mission to eliminate or greatly reduce the prevalence of misdiagnosis. To deliver our strategy, we have structured our organization to develop diagnostic products, including our laboratory and research and development R D facilities located in New Haven, Connecticut and Omaha, Nebraska, 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 respectively, which house teams that collaborate on the development of new products and services. We operate CLIA laboratories in both New Haven, Connecticut and Omaha, Nebraska where we provide essential blood cancer diagnostics to office-based oncologists in many states nationwide. To deliver on our strategy of mitigating misdiagnoses we rely heavily on our CLIA laboratory to support R D beta-testing of the products we develop, in a clinical environment. The development of laboratory products involves a qualified facility; highly skilled laboratory staff; and access to viable patient specimens to conduct development and testing. Our CLIA laboratory in New Haven, which is operated by our pathology services division, encapsulates these components, and also generates revenue for us which covers costs associated with operating this laboratory. This structure of utilizing our clinical lab to obtain samples and utilize the equipment and staffing to develop, test and validate our products, significantly reduces the development costs and timeline for our products. This also enables us to accelerate the time to market of new product development and launch. Furthermore, as a clinical laboratory, we are always the first user of every product we develop, which allows us to optimize important laboratory functions such as workflow, inventory management, regulatory and billing issues. As a vendor, this places us as a reputable user of our own products, and we believe gains us significant credibility with existing and prospective customers. Furthermore, because we use our products as part of our day-to-day operations, we are able to deliver a high level of hands-on, experienced support to customers, improving their experience with our products. Our Products Division commercial team generates direct sales and works with our key distributors. Global healthcare distributors, such as ThermoFisher, McKesson, and Cardinal Health, have partnered with us to form the backbone of our go-to-market strategy and enable us to access laboratories around the country that can benefit from using our diagnostic products. Our operating structure promotes the harnessing of our proprietary technology and genetic diagnostic expertise to bring to market our robust pipeline of innovative solutions designed to address the root causes of misdiagnoses. Recent Developments Change Healthcare Change Healthcare CHC ), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group, suffered a cybersecurity breach in February 2024 which resulted in the temporary shut-down of some of its systems. Precipio uses CHC to process its billings for pathology services. Thus, when CHC shut down its business operations our pathology billings were halted. Our ability to process billings, accept payer remittances, process medical and billing benefit notices, bill secondary insurers, as well as patients, and communicate with commercial payers was severely impacted. Starting shortly after the breach, we redirected a significant amount of our internal resources to manually manufacture the billing services that CHC was no longer delivering. This resulted in billing and cash reimbursement delays during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Along with the delays in billing and cash reimbursements, we incurred approximately 0.2 million of expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as we used alternative methods for claims processing. CHC established a Temporary Funding Assistance Program to help bridge the gap in short-term cash flow needs for its customers affected by the disruption of its services due to the cyberattack. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received approximately 1.1 million from CHC through this program. See Note 4 Accrued Expenses for further discussion. As a result of the manual claims processing methods that we put in place following the CHC shutdown, our billing and cash reimbursement processes are nearly rectified as of September 30, 2024. Going Concern The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP applicable for a going concern, which assume that the Company will realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the ordinary course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred substantial operating losses and has used cash in its operating activities for the past several years. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had a net loss of 3.9 million and net cash used in operating activities of 0.1 million. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 102.1 million and a working capital deficit of 1.2 million. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months from the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued is dependent upon a combination of achieving its business plan, including generating additional revenue, and raising additional financing to meet its debt obligations and paying liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. To meet its current and future obligations the Company has taken the following steps to capitalize the business: On April 14, 2023, the Company entered into a sales agreement with AGP, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell its common stock having aggregate sales proceeds of up to 5.8 million, to or through AGP, as sales agent (the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement ). The sale of our shares of common stock to or through AGP, pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement, will be made pursuant to the registration statement (the 2023 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271277), filed by the Company with the SEC on April 14, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed by the Company with the SEC on April 25, 2023, and declared effective on April 27, 2023. On April 8, 2024, we filed a prospectus supplement to our prospectus dated April 25, 2023 registering the offer and sale of up to 1,061,478 of shares of our common stock (the April 2024 Prospectus Supplement ). As of the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued, we have approximately 3.7 million available for future sales pursuant to the 2023 Registration Statement, which includes approximately 1.0 million of remaining availability pursuant to the April 2024 Prospectus Supplement. 
 Notwithstanding the aforementioned circumstances, there remains substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully achieve its initiatives summarized above in order to continue as a going concern. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Net Sales. Net sales were as follows: 

Dollars in Thousands Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Service revenue, net, less allowance for credit loss 4,528 3,687 841 23 Product revenue 681 831 (150) (18) Net Sales 5,209 4,518 691 15 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 5.2 million, an increase of 0.7 million as compared to the same period in 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, patient diagnostic service revenue increased 0.8 million as compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was due to a greater number of cases processed in the current year period. We processed 3,584 cases during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2,105 cases during the same period in 2023, or a 70 increase in cases. The benefit of the increase in cases billed during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 was partially offset by a lower average price per case during the current year as a result of a different product mix. Product revenue decreased by 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Cost of Sales. Cost of sales includes material and supply costs for the patient tests performed, costs related to HSRR products and other direct costs (primarily personnel costs, p athologist interpretation costs and rent) associated with the operations of our laboratory. Cost of sales increased by 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit and gross margins were as follows: 

Dollars in Thousands Three Months Ended September 30, Margin 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross Profit 2,277 1,885 44 42 Gross margin was 44 and 42 of total net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross profit was approximately 2.3 million and 1.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The gross profit increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period, as a result of increases in case volume and revenue. We operate a fully staffed CLIA and College of American Pathologists CAP certified clinical pathology and molecular laboratory. As such, it is necessary to maintain appropriate staffing levels to provide industry standard laboratory processing and reporting to ordering physicians. An increase in case volume will enable our laboratory to yield economies of scale and to leverage fixed expenses. Operating Expenses. Operating expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, professional fees, travel costs, facility costs, stock-based compensation costs and depreciation and amortization. Our operating expenses decreased by 0.5 million to 2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was attributable to: (1) an increase of less than 0.1 million in stock-based compensation expense, (2) an increase of less than 0.1 million in general and administrative expenses due mainly to an increase of 0.1 million legal and professional fees and franchise taxes, partially offset by a decrease of less than 0.1 million in personnel costs (3) a decrease of 0.4 million in sales and marketing expenses due mainly to a decrease in personnel costs of 0.4 million as a result of a lower headcount, and (4) a decrease of 0.1 million in research and development expenses mainly related to decreases in operating supply costs and personnel costs. Other (Expense) Income. We recorded net other expense of 29 thousand and 7 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was related to net interest expense. Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Net Sales. Net sales were as follows: 

Dollars in Thousands Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Service revenue, net, less allowance for doubtful accounts 11,146 8,399 2,747 33 Product revenue 1,936 2,469 (533) (22) Net Sales 13,082 10,868 2,214 20 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 13.1 million, an increase of 2.2 million as compared to the same period in 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, patient diagnostic service revenue increased 2.7 million as compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was due to a greater number of cases processed in the current year period. We processed 8,745 cases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 4,915 cases during the same period in 2023, or a 78 increase in cases. The benefit of the increase in cases billed during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 was partially offset by a lower average price per case during the current year as a result of a different product mix. Product revenue decreased by 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Cost of Sales. Cost of sales includes material and supply costs for the patient tests performed, costs related to HSRR products and other direct costs (primarily personnel costs, p athologist interpretation costs and rent) associated with 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 the operations of our laboratory. Cost of sales increased by 1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Gross Profit. Gross profit and gross margins were as follows: 

Dollars in Thousands Nine Months Ended September 30, Margin 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross Profit 4,913 4,005 38 37 Gross margin was 38 of total net sales, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 37 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit was approximately 4.9 million and 4.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross profit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period, was a result of increases in case volume and revenue. We operate a fully staffed CLIA and CAP certified clinical pathology and molecular laboratory. As such, it is necessary to maintain appropriate staffing levels to provide industry standard laboratory processing and reporting to ordering physicians. An increase in case volume will enable our laboratory to yield economies of scale and to leverage fixed expenses. Operating Expenses. Operating expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, professional fees, travel costs, facility costs, stock-based compensation costs and depreciation and amortization. Our operating expenses decreased by 2.0 million to 8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was attributable to: (1) a decrease of 0.1 million in stock-based compensation expense, (2) a decrease of 0.1 million in general and administrative expenses due a decrease in legal and professional fees of 0.3 million, partially offset by an increase of 0.1 million in franchise tax costs and an increase of 0.1 million in other costs, (3) a decrease of 1.3 million in sales and marketing expenses due mainly to a decrease in personnel costs of 1.2 million as a result of a lower headcount and a decrease of 0.1 million other costs and (4) a decrease of 0.4 million in research and development expenses mainly related to a decrease of 0.1 million in operating supplies, a decrease of 0.1 million in personnel costs and a decrease of 0.2 million in other costs. Other (Expense) Income. We recorded net other expense of 45 thousand and 12 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was related to net interest expense. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our working capital positions were as follows: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Current assets (including cash of 1,053 and 1,502 respectively) 3,255 3,682 (427) Current liabilities 4,478 3,141 1,337 Working capital (1,223) 541 (1,764) 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we received 0.6 million in proceeds from debt issuance and net proceeds of 0.1 million from sale of 11,822 shares of our common stock through at the market offerings. The Company has approximately 3.7 million available for future sales pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. Analysis of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash used in operating activities (126) (3,673) 3,547 Net cash used in investing activities (179) (77) (102) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (144) 1,867 (2,011) Net change in cash (449) (1,883) 1,434 Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities. The cash flows used in operating activities of approximately 0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a net loss of 3.9 million, an increase in inventories of 0.2 million and a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 0.2 million. These were partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivables of 0.1 million, a decrease in other assets of 0.1 million, an increase in accounts payable of 0.1 million, an increase in deferred revenues of 0.2 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 0.9 million and non-cash adjustments of 2.7 million. The non-cash adjustments included 0.2 million for the change in provision for credit losses. We routinely provide a reserve for credit losses as a result of having limited in-network payer contracts. The other non-cash adjustments to net loss of approximately 2.5 million include, among other things, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation. The cash flows used in operating activities of approximately 3.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a net loss of 6.8 million, an increase in accounts receivables of 0.6 million and a decrease in operating lease liabilities and deferred revenue of 0.3 million. These were partially offset by a decrease in inventories of 0.1 million, a decrease in other assets of 0.3 million, an increase in accounts payable of 0.5 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 0.6 million, and non-cash adjustments of 2.5 million . Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities. Cash flows used in investing activities were 0.2 million and 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting from purchases of property and equipment. Cash Flows Used in or Provided by Financing Activities. Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which included 0.2 million of proceeds from debt and 0.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock. These were partially offset by 0.4 million in payments on our long-term debt and finance lease obligations. Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which included 2.2 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock partially offset by payments on our long-term debt and finance lease obligations of 0.3 million. For further information regarding the Company s future funding requirements, see the Going Concern disclosure in Note 1 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other than certain purchase commitments of approximately 2.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. The purchase commitments are mostly for laboratory reagents used in our normal operating business. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments No significant changes to contractual obligations and commitments occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2024. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual financial results based on judgments or estimates may vary under different assumptions or circumstances. Our critical accounting estimates are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2024. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements See the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. Impact of Inflation Inflation generally affects us with increased cost of labor and operating supplies. We do not believe that price inflation had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations during the periods presented. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, management performed, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and no evaluation of controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have evaluated the changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and concluded that there have not been any changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The healthcare industry is subject to numerous laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, matters such as licensure, accreditation, government healthcare program participation requirement, reimbursement for patient services and Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse. Government activity has increased with respect to investigations and allegations concerning possible violations of fraud and abuse statutes and regulations by healthcare providers. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in expulsion from government healthcare programs together with the imposition of significant fines and penalties, as well as significant repayments for patient services previously billed. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with fraud and abuse regulations, as well as other applicable government laws and regulations. While no material regulatory inquiries have been made, compliance with such laws and regulations can be subject to future government review and interpretation, as well as regulatory actions unknown or unasserted at this time. The outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against us in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management s expectations, our financial statements for such reporting period could be materially adversely affected. In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent us from offering our services or products to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. The Company is involved in legal proceedings related to matters, which are incidental to its business and is delinquent on the payment of outstanding accounts payable for certain vendors and suppliers who have taken or have threatened to take legal action to collect such outstanding amounts. Item 1A. Risk Factors As disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that may have a material effect on the operating results of our business and our financial condition. The following information updates, and should be read in conjunction with, the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. We have incurred losses since our inception and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability. We have incurred losses since our inception and expect to incur losses in the future. At September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 1.2 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had an operating cash flow deficit of 0.4 million and a net loss of 3.9 million. For the period ended September 30, 2024, we have experienced negative cash flow from development of our diagnostic technology, as well as from the costs associated with establishing a laboratory and building a sales force to market our products and services. We expect to incur substantial net losses through at least 2024 as we further develop and commercialize our diagnostic technology. We also expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will continue to increase due to the additional costs associated with market development activities and expanding our staff to sell and support our products. Our ability to achieve or, if achieved, sustain profitability is based on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the market acceptance of our products, competitive product development and our market penetration and margins. We may never be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or, if achieved, sustain profitability. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 We may need to raise substantial additional capital to commercialize our diagnostic technology, and our failure to obtain funding when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or collaboration efforts or force us to restrict or cease operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 1.1 million and a working capital deficit of 1.2 million. Due to our recurring losses from operations and the expectation that we will continue to incur losses in the future, we may be required to raise additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our current product candidates and to pay off our obligations. To date, to fund our operations and develop and commercialize our products, we have relied primarily on equity and debt financings. In future periods, when we seek additional capital, we may seek to sell additional equity and/or debt securities or to obtain a credit facility, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, restrict or cease our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unattractive terms . The sale or issuance of our common stock to, or through, AGP, or otherwise, may cause significant dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by AGP or others, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall. On April 14, 2023, we entered into a sales agreement with AGP, pursuant to which we may offer and sell our Common Stock, having aggregate sales proceeds of up to 5.8 million, to or through AGP, from time to time, in an at-the-market offering (the 2023 ATM Offering ). We are limited in the number of shares we can sell in the 2023 ATM Offering due to the offering limitations currently applicable to the Company under General Instruction I.B.6. of Form S-3 and the Company s public float as of the applicable date of such sales, as well as the number of authorized and unissued shares available for issuance, in accordance with the terms of the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. Sales to, or through, AGP by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. From April 14, 2023 through the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on From 10-Q, we received 0.1 million in gross proceeds through the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement from the sale of 11,847 shares of Common Stock. The Company has an additional 3.7 million available for future sales pursuant to the AGP 2023 Sales Agreement. On January 8, 2024, we filed a prospectus supplement to our prospectus dated April 25, 2023 registering the offer and sale of up to 1,061,478 of shares of our common stock. We have approximately 1.0 million of remaining availability pursuant to this prospectus supplement. We have issued a substantial number of warrants and equity awards from our equity plans which are exercisable into shares of our common stock which could result in substantial dilution to the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 444,444 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise or conversion of outstanding warrants. Additionally, 304,025 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock options. The exercise or conversion of these securities will result in a significant increase in the number of outstanding shares and substantially dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. The shares underlying the equity awards from our equity plans are registered on a Form S-8 registration statement. As a result, upon vesting these shares can be freely exercised and sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. The exercise of options and the subsequent sale of the underlying common stock could cause a decline in our stock price. Cybersecurity risks could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which may harm our ability to operate effectively and may cause our business and reputation to suffer. Cybersecurity refers to the combination of technologies, processes and procedures established to protect information technology systems and data from unauthorized access, misuse, attack, or damage. We rely on our information systems to 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential information about our patients, customers and personnel, such as names, addresses and other individually identifiable information protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, HIPAA ), other privacy laws. We rely on our third-party providers to implement effective security measures and identify and correct for any such failures, deficiencies or incidents. We also rely on our employees and consultants to safeguard their security credentials and follow our policies and procedures regarding use and access of computers and other devices that may contain our sensitive information. If we or our third-party providers fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we or our third-party providers could have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling such cyberattacks and any such attacks could result in losses described above, as well as disputes with physicians, patients and our partners, regulatory sanctions or penalties, increases in operating expenses, expenses or lost revenues or other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and cash flows. Any failure by such third parties to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, misuse of, or disclosure of such information could have similarly adverse consequences for us. For example, our vendor, Change Healthcare, disclosed a security incident in February 2024 which resulted in temporary inaccessibility of certain of its information technology systems. While the Change Healthcare incident did not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results, it did result in temporary delays in our ability to complete our typical billing and reimbursement processes. If, in the future, we are unable to prevent or mitigate the impact of such security or data privacy breaches or other incidents, we could be exposed to litigation and governmental investigations, which could lead to a potential disruption to our business. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyberattacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, wire fraud and other forms of cyber fraud, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering fraud or other means to threaten data security, confidentiality, integrity and availability. A successful cyberattack could cause serious negative consequences for us, including, without limitation, the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information, including financial information, trade secrets, financial loss and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and with rapidly evolving industry standards may result in our incurring significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. We have not experienced any known attacks on our information technology systems that compromised any confidential information. We maintain our information technology systems with safeguards designed to protect against cyberattacks including passive intrusion protection, firewalls and virus detection software. However, these safeguards do not ensure that a significant cyberattack could not occur. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not prevent the systems improper functioning or damage or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyberattacks. Security incidents, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar incidents can create system disruptions or shutdowns or the unauthorized disclosure of, access to, or misuse of confidential information. If personal information or protected health information is improperly accessed, tampered with, misused or disclosed as a result of a security breach, we may incur significant costs to notify and mitigate potential harm to the affected individuals, and we may be subject to sanctions and civil or criminal penalties if we are found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under HIPAA or other similar federal or state laws protecting confidential personal information. In addition, a security breach of or other incident affecting our information systems could damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties for compromised personal information and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Our products that we sell as research use only products and/or that we offer as laboratory developed tests could become subject to government regulations requiring marketing authorization, and the marketing authorization and maintenance process for such products may be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain in both timing and outcome . A number of our products are currently, and in the future will be, labeled and sold as research use only (RUO) products. Even though our products are labeled and sold as RUO products, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) could question whether our products are intended for research use only. For example, in August 2021, we were contacted by the FDA regarding HemeScreen, and we have subsequently revised the labeling for HemeScreen. Should the FDA disagree with our conclusion that our products are intended for research use only or deem our sales, marketing and promotional efforts as being inconsistent with RUO products, our products could be subject to government regulation as diagnostic products. Diagnostic products are regulated as medical devices by the FDA and may require marketing authorization from the FDA through clearance following the premarket notification (510(k)) process, authorization following a request for de novo classification or approval following the submission of a premarket approval (PMA) application, in each case prior to marketing. Obtaining the requisite marketing authorizations can be expensive and may involve considerable delay. Moreover, if the FDA believed we inappropriately labeled our products as RUO products, it could allege that we had misbranded or adulterated our RUO products. If the FDA asserts that our RUO products are subject to marketing authorization, or that our RUO products are adulterated or misbranded, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, our CLIA laboratory offers testing utilizing our laboratory developed tests (LDTs). Historically, the FDA has exercised enforcement discretion with respect to most LDTs and has not required laboratories that offer LDTs to comply with the FDA s requirements for medical devices, such as the FDA s requirements pertaining to marketing authorization, establishment registration, device listing, the Quality System Regulation, and other post-market controls. However, at various points in recent years, the FDA has stated it intends to end its policy of enforcement discretion and to actively regulate LDTs. Most recently, on April 29, 2024, the FDA published a final rule on LDTs, in which FDA outlines its plans to end enforcement discretion for many LDTs in five stages over a four-year period. In Phase 1 (effective May 6, 2025), clinical laboratories would be required to comply with medical device reporting, correction/removal reporting, and certain quality systems complaint handling requirements. In Phase 2 (effective May 6, 2026), clinical laboratories would be required to comply with all other device requirements (e.g., establishment registration and device listing, labeling, investigational use requirements), except for remaining quality systems requirements and premarket review requirements. In Phase 3 (effective May 6, 2027), clinical laboratories would be required to comply with all remaining applicable quality systems requirements. In Phase 4 (effective November 6, 2027), clinical laboratories would be required to comply with premarket submission requirements for high-risk tests (i.e., tests subject to FDA s premarket approval (PMA) requirement). In Phase 5 (effective May 6, 2028), clinical laboratories would be required to comply with premarket submission requirements for moderate- and low-risk tests (i.e., tests subject to de novo classification or the 510(k) requirement). 
 The final rule potentially extends enforcement discretion for certain tests, such as LDTs approved by the New York State Department of Health and LDTs first marketed prior to May 6, 2024 which are not modified or are modified in certain limited ways, from certain FDA regulatory requirements, provided certain important limitations have been met. We are actively reviewing the final rule to evaluate its applicability to our operations, and the extent to which we may be required to modify our operations to comply with its requirements. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 On May 29, 2024, the American Clinical Laboratory Association filed a lawsuit challenging the FDA s authority to regulate LDTs as medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Subsequently, on August 19, 2024, the Association for Molecular Pathology filed a lawsuit similarly challenging FDA s final rule on LDTs. The outcome of these lawsuits are uncertain at this time. If the FDA were to determine that certain tests offered by us as LDTs are no longer eligible for enforcement discretion for any reason, including new rules, policies or guidance, or due to changes in statute, our test may become subject to extensive FDA requirements and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. If required, the regulatory marketing authorization process required to bring our current or future LDTs into compliance may involve, among other things, successfully completing additional clinical validations and submitting to and obtaining clearance, authorization or approval from the FDA. Furthermore, pending legislative proposals, if enacted, could create new or different regulatory and compliance burdens on us and could have a negative effect on our ability to keep products on the market or develop new products, which could have a material effect on our business. In the event that the FDA requires marketing authorization of our LDTs in the future, the FDA may not ultimately grant any clearance, authorization or approval requested by us in a timely manner, may limit our indication in a way that is not commercially desirable, or refuse to provide such marketing authorization at all. In addition, if the FDA inspects our laboratory in relation to the marketing of any FDA-authorized test, any enforcement action the FDA takes might not be limited to the FDA-authorized test carried by us and could encompass our other testing services. Unfavorable U.S. or global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and financial markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn or increase in inflation rates could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and services and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on favorable terms, if at all. A weak declining or inflationary economy could strain our collaborators and suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause delays in their payments to us. The future geopolitical landscape also remains particularly uncertain with the U.S. presidential election in November 2024. Any resulting changes in international trade relations, legislation and regulations, including those related to taxation and importation, or economic and monetary policies, or heightened diplomatic tensions or political and civil unrest, among other potential impacts, could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results. In addition, the Company s operations and access to capital may be impacted by disruptions to the banking system and financial market volatility resulting from bank failures, particularly in light of the recent events that have occurred with respect to Silicon Valley Bank SVB and other financial institutions. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business There have been no other material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our most recent Annual Report. The above risk factor should be read in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed therein. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not have any sales of unregistered securities. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information of our directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K, during the fiscal quarter covered by this report . Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits 

10.1 Form of Notice of Stock Option Repricing 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 

 This certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. PRECIPIO, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /S/ ILAN DANIELI Ilan Danieli Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /S/ MATTHEW GAGE Matthew Gage Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

 42 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 prpo-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 Notice of Option Repricing Precipio, Inc. Re: Notice of Stock Option Repricing Dear Precipio Optionholder: We are pleased to inform you that the Board of Directors of Precipio, Inc. (the Corporation has approved a reduction in the per share exercise price of certain of your outstanding stock option(s) to purchase shares of the Corporation s common stock (the Option Repricing ). As a result of the Option Repricing, the per share exercise price of any stock option(s) granted to you (i) under the Corporation s Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the Plan prior to and including December 31, 2022 and (ii) with an exercise price greater than 6.56 per share (collectively, the Option(s) ), have been reduced from their original per share exercise price(s) to 6.56 per share, effective as of August 30, 2024 (the Repricing Date (as reflected in your stock options account). If prior to the first anniversary of the Repricing Date (except following a change of control), an Option is exercised or your employment/services are terminated by the Corporation with cause or voluntarily by yourself, you will be required to pay the original exercise price of the Option. If your employment/services is terminated by the Corporation without cause prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, you will retain the benefit of the reduced exercise price. The terms of your Option(s) are, and will continue to be, governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the applicable stock option agreement(s) entered into between you and the Corporation. All other terms of your stock option agreement(s), including the vesting schedule(s) governing the Option(s), remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Please note that if any of your Option(s) has been designated as an incentive stock option ISO ), your repriced Option will be an ISO to the maximum extent possible under current U.S. tax laws, including certain limitations on the number of ISO shares that can become exercisable in any one calendar year. Please be aware that for purposes of determining the number of repriced Option shares that can qualify as ISO shares, the 100,000 limit will be reduced by the aggregate exercise price of the repriced Option shares that would have become first exercisable in the year of the Option Repricing if the Option Repricing had not occurred. In addition, if you exercise a repriced Option, you will have to hold the shares subject to the repriced Option for at least two years following the date of the Option Repricing in order for the repriced Option to continue to be eligible to be taxed as an ISO (in addition to meeting other applicable ISO requirements). If your Option is a non-statutory stock option NSO ), your repriced Option will remain an NSO. You should consult with your personal tax advisor about the potential tax treatment of your Option(s) . If you have any questions, please call or email Matthew Gage, Corporation Chief Financial Officer 

Very truly yours, Precipio, Inc. By: [NAME] [TITLE] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 prpo-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Ilan Danieli, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. (the Registrant); 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ ILAN DANIELI 

 Ilan Danieli 

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 prpo-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Matthew Gage, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. (the Registrant); 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. MATHEW 

 /s/ MATTHEW GAGE 

 Matthew Gage 

 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 prpo-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, I, Ilan Danieli, Chief Executive Officer of Precipio, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) Such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Precipio, Inc. /s/ ILAN DANIELI Ilan Danieli Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 6, 2024 A signed original of the certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Precipio, Inc. and will be retained by Precipio, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 prpo-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, I, Matthew Gage, Chief Financial Officer of Precipio, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) Such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precipio, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Precipio, Inc. /s/ MATTHEW GAGE Matthew Gage Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Date: November 6, 2024 A signed original of the certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Precipio, Inc. and will be retained by Precipio, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 prpo-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 prpo-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 prpo-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 prpo-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

