<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1323468_0001558370-24-015020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14385629</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186147</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1564569</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5915239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2122657</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4117465</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015020.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108135925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001323468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				743140887
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32593
		FILM NUMBER:		241439417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9161
		STREET 2:		800 SOUTH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02454
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 894-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9161
		STREET 2:		800 SOUTH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02454

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Partners LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015020.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 glp-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The issuer had common units outstanding as of November 6, 2024. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 60 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 62 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 63 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 63 Item 1A. Risk Factors 63 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 63 Item 5. Other Information 63 Item 6. Exhibits 63 SIGNATURES 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. Financial Statements GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except unit data) (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable-affiliates Inventories Brokerage margin deposits Derivative assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Equity method investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities and partners equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Working capital revolving credit facility-current portion Lease liability-current portion Environmental liabilities-current portion Trustee taxes payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Derivative liabilities Total current liabilities Working capital revolving credit facility-less current portion Revolving credit facility Senior notes Lease liability-less current portion Environmental liabilities-less current portion Financing obligations Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Partners equity Series A preferred limited partners and units issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Series B preferred limited partners units issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) Common limited partners units issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023) General partner interest interest with equivalent units outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total partners equity Total liabilities and partners equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per unit data) (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales Cost of sales Gross profit Costs and operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating expenses Amortization expense Net gain on sale and disposition of assets ) ) ) ) Long-lived asset impairment Total costs and operating expenses Operating income Other (loss) income and (expense): (Loss) income from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Less: General partner s interest in net income, including incentive distribution rights Less: Preferred limited partner interest in net income Less: Redemption of Series A preferred limited partner units Net income attributable to common limited partners Basic net income per common limited partner unit Diluted net income per common limited partner unit Basic weighted average common limited partner units outstanding Diluted weighted average common limited partner units outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in pension liability ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing fees Bad debt expense Unit-based compensation expense Write-off of financing fees Net gain on sale and disposition of assets ) ) Long-lived asset impairment Loss (income) from equity method investments ) Dividends received on equity method investments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Accounts receivable-affiliate ) Inventories ) Broker margin deposits ) ) Prepaid expenses, all other current assets and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Trustee taxes payable Change in derivatives ) Accrued expenses, all other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Acquisitions ) ) Equity method investments ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Seller note issuances ) ) Dividends received of equity method investments Proceeds from sale of property and equipment, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net borrowings from (payments on) working capital revolving credit facility ) Net payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from senior notes, net Redemption of Series A preferred units ) Repurchase of common units ) ) LTIP units withheld for tax obligations ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Cash and cash equivalents Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental information Cash paid during the period for interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS EQUITY (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

Series A Series B Accumulated Preferred Preferred Common General Other Total Limited Limited Limited Partner Comprehensive Partners Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 Partners Partners Partners Interest Income (Loss) Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) LTIP units withheld for tax obligations ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Redemption of preferred units ) ) ) Net income Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Repurchase of common units ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive income Repurchase of common units ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at September 30, 2024 

Series A Series B Accumulated Preferred Preferred Common General Other Total Limited Limited Limited Partner Comprehensive Partners Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 Partners Partners Partners Interest Income (Loss) Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive income LTIP units withheld for tax obligations ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at March 31, 2023 Net income Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive income Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income Distributions to limited partners and general partner ) ) ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Repurchase of common units ) ) Distribution equivalent rights ) ) Dividends on repurchased units Balance at September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

 7 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, including directly operated convenience stores, primarily in the Northeast, as well as gasoline stations located in Texas that are operated by the Partnership s unconsolidated affiliate, Spring Partners Retail LLC SPR ). The Partnership is also one of the largest distributors of gasoline, distillates, residual oil and renewable fuels to wholesalers, retailers and commercial customers in the New England states and New York. The Partnership engages in the purchasing, selling, gathering, blending, storing and logistics of transporting petroleum and related products, including gasoline and gasoline blendstocks (such as ethanol), distillates (such as home heating oil, diesel and kerosene), residual oil, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane and in the transportation of petroleum products and renewable fuels by rail from the mid-continent region of the United States and Canada. Global GP LLC, the Partnership s general partner (the General Partner ), manages the Partnership s operations and activities and employs its officers and substantially all of its personnel, except for most of its gasoline station and convenience store employees who are employed by Global Montello Group Corp. GMG ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership and for substantially all of the employees who primarily or exclusively provide services to SPR, who are employed by SPR Operator LLC SPR Operator ), also a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership. The General Partner, which holds a general partner interest in the Partnership, is owned by affiliates of the Slifka family. As of September 30, 2024, affiliates of the General Partner, including its directors and executive officers and their affiliates, owned common units, and the General Partner held common units on behalf of the Partnership pursuant to its repurchase program for future Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP obligations, representing in the aggregate a limited partner interest. 2024 Events Redemption of Series A Preferred Units On April 15, 2024, the Partnership redeemed all of its outstanding Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (the Series A Preferred Units at a redemption price of per unit, plus a per unit cash distribution for the period from February 15, 2024 through April 14, 2024 . Effective April 15, 2024, the Series A Preferred Units are longer outstanding. See Note 13 for additional information. Acquisition of Terminals from Gulf Oil On April 9, 2024, the Partnership acquired refined- product terminals from Gulf Oil Limited Partnership. See Note 2 for additional information. Credit Agreement Facility Reallocation and Accordion Reduction On February 5, 2024, the Partnership and the lenders under the Partnership s credit agreement agreed, pursuant to the terms of our credit agreement, to (i) a reallocation of million of the revolving credit facility to the working capital revolving credit facility and (ii) reduce the accordion feature from million to . After giving effect to the reallocation and the accordion reduction, the working capital revolving credit facility is million and the revolving credit facility is million, for a total commitment of billion, effective February 8, 2024. This reallocation and accordion reduction return the credit facilities to the terms in place prior to the reallocation and accordion exercise previously 

 8 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes that are guaranteed by certain of the Partnership s subsidiaries in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Partnership used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under its credit agreement and for general corporate purposes. See Note 7 for additional information on the credit agreement. Basis of Presentation 

 9 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Distillates (home heating oil, diesel and kerosene), residual oil and crude oil sales Convenience store and prepared food sales, rental income and sundries Total The following table presents the Partnership s product margin by segment as a percentage of the consolidated product margin for the periods presented: Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations segment Commercial segment Total See Note 14, Segment Reporting, for additional information on the Partnership s operating segments. of the Partnership s customers accounted for greater than 10 of total sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. refined-product terminals from Gulf Oil Limited Partnership Gulf Oil which are located in Chelsea, MA, New Haven, CT, Linden, NJ and Woodbury, NJ, (the Gulf Terminals pursuant to a purchase agreement initially entered into on December 15, 2022 and subsequently amended and restated on February 23, 2024. The acquisition price was approximately million, excluding inventory acquired from Gulf Oil. The Partnership financed the transaction with borrowings under its revolving credit facility. Upon an acquisition, the Partnership first determines whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets in order to determine whether the acquisition should be accounted for as an asset acquisition. If the threshold is not substantially met, the Partnership then determines whether the acquisition meets the definition of a business (i.e., whether it includes, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contributes to the ability to create outputs). Specific to the acquisition of the Gulf Terminals, consideration was given to the exception principle pertaining to the real estate assets acquired of real property, personal property and construction in progress and whether these assets should be considered a group of similar assets. The personal property and construction in progress assets cannot be removed from the real property without significant cost (i.e., disassembly) and diminution in both utility and fair value to both the real property and personal property. Additionally, the real property and personal property have similar risk characteristics since the land and terminal equipment are both used in the process of blending, storing and transporting petroleum products. The real property and personal property operate as a combined unit of account in order for the Partnership to achieve a desired economic return from the Gulf Terminals. The Partnership also considered and 

 10 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Right of use assets Intangible assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Environmental liabilities ) Lease liability ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired Property and equipment were recorded at cost based on relative fair value as of April 9, 2024 using current market values and reproduction or replacement costs of similar assets. Intangible assets consist of third-party customer relationship contracts and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated periods for which the intangible assets will provide economic benefit to the Partnership, which the Partnerships expects to be . Third-party customer relationship contracts were valued using the discounted cash flow method. Significant assumptions used in the valuations include projected cash flows including expected renewals and the discount rate. In connection with the acquisition, the Partnership incurred acquisition costs of approximately million during 2024 which were capitalized as property and equipment in the accompanying balance sheet at September 30, 2024. 

 11 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Station operations Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sales: Revenue originating as physical forward contracts and exchanges Revenue from leases Total other sales Total sales 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue from contracts with customers: Wholesale GDSO Commercial Total Petroleum and related product sales Station operations Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sales: Revenue originating as physical forward contracts and exchanges Revenue from leases Total other sales Total sales 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue from contracts with customers: Wholesale GDSO Commercial Total Petroleum and related product sales Station operations Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sales: Revenue originating as physical forward contracts and exchanges Revenue from leases Total other sales Total sales 

 12 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Station operations Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sales: Revenue originating as physical forward contracts and exchanges Revenue from leases Total other sales Total sales Contract Balances A receivable, which is included in accounts receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, is recognized in the period the Partnership provides services when its right to consideration is unconditional. In contrast, a contract asset will be recognized when the Partnership has fulfilled a contract obligation but must perform other obligations before being entitled to payment. The nature of the receivables related to revenue from contracts with customers and other revenue, as well as contract assets, are the same, given they are related to the same customers and have the same risk profile and securitization. Payment terms on invoiced amounts are typically to . A contract liability is recognized when the Partnership has an obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Partnership has received consideration (or the amount is due) from the customer. The Partnership had significant contract liabilities at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 13 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Gasoline Gasoline blendstocks Residual oil Renewable identification numbers (RINs) Convenience store inventory Total In addition to its own inventory, the Partnership has exchange agreements for petroleum products and ethanol with unrelated third-party suppliers, whereby it may draw inventory from these other suppliers and suppliers may draw inventory from the Partnership. Positive exchange balances are accounted for as accounts receivable and amounted to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Negative exchange balances are accounted for as accounts payable and amounted to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Exchange transactions are valued using current carrying costs. Dispositions (1) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

 (1) Dispositions represent derecognition of goodwill associated with the sale and disposition of certain assets. Land Fixtures and equipment Idle plant assets Construction in process Capitalized internal use software Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation Total Property and equipment includes retail gasoline station assets held for sale of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 14 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million remaining net book value of long-lived assets at its West Coast facility, including million related to the Partnership s ethanol plant acquired in 2013. The Partnership would need to take certain measures to prepare the facility for ethanol production in order to place the plant into service and commence depreciation. Therefore, the million related to the ethanol plant was included in property and equipment and classified as idle plant assets at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. If the Partnership is unable to generate cash flows to support the recoverability of the plant and facility assets, this may become an indicator of potential impairment of the West Coast facility. The Partnership believes these assets are recoverable but continues to monitor the market for ethanol, the continued business development of this facility for ethanol or other product transloading, and the related impact this may have on the facility s operating cash flows and whether this would constitute an impairment indicator. Evaluation of Long-Lived Asset Impairment The Partnership recognized impairment charges relating to certain right of use assets and construction in process assets allocated to the GDSO segment in the total amount of million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which are included in long-lived asset impairment in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. impairment charges were recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. billion senior secured credit facility (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement matures on May 2, 2026. On February 5, 2024, the Partnership and the lenders under the Credit Agreement agreed, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, to (i) a reallocation of million of the revolving credit facility to the working capital revolving credit facility and (ii) reduce the accordion feature from million to , effective February 8, 2024. This reallocation and accordion reduction return the credit facilities to the terms in place prior to the reallocation and accordion exercise previously agreed to by the Partnership and the lenders on December 7, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there were facilities under the Credit Agreement: a working capital revolving credit facility to be used for working capital purposes and letters of credit in the principal amount equal to the lesser of the Partnership s borrowing base and million; and a million revolving credit facility to be used for general corporate purposes. Availability under the working capital revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base which is redetermined from time to time and based on specific advance rates on eligible current assets. Availability under the borrowing base may be affected by events beyond the Partnership s control, such as changes in petroleum product prices, collection cycles, counterparty performance, advance rates and limits and general economic conditions. The average interest rates for the Credit Agreement were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 15 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Working capital revolving credit facility-current portion Working capital revolving credit facility-less current portion Revolving credit facility Total borrowings outstanding Less outstanding letters of credit Total remaining availability for borrowings and letters of credit (1) 

 (1) Subject to borrowing base limitations. The Credit Agreement imposes financial covenants that require the Partnership to maintain certain minimum working capital amounts, a minimum combined interest coverage ratio, a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a maximum total leverage ratio. The Partnership was in compliance with the foregoing covenants at September 30, 2024. Please read Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on the Credit Agreement. Supplemental cash flow information Payments on working capital revolving credit facility ) ) Net borrowings from (payments on) working capital revolving credit facility ) Borrowings from revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Net payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Senior Notes The Partnership had senior notes due 2027 and senior notes due 2029 outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Partnership also had senior notes due 2032 outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

 16 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2032 to several initial purchasers in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Partnership used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the private placement of the 2032 Notes, the Issuers and the subsidiary guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee, entered into an indenture as may be supplemented from time to time (the 2032 Notes Indenture ). The 2032 Notes mature on January 15, 2032 with interest accruing at a rate of per annum. Interest was payable beginning July 15, 2024 and thereafter semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The 2032 Notes are guaranteed on a joint and several senior unsecured basis by each of the Issuers and the subsidiary guarantors to the extent set forth in the 2032 Notes Indenture. Upon a continuing event of default, the trustee or the holders of at least in principal amount of the 2032 Notes may declare the 2032 Notes immediately due and payable, except that an event of default resulting from entry into a bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Issuers, any restricted subsidiary of the Partnership that is a significant subsidiary or any group of its restricted subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a significant subsidiary of the Partnership, will automatically cause the 2032 Notes to become due and payable. The Issuers will have the option to redeem up to of the 2032 Notes prior to January 15, 2027 at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) of plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The Issuers will have the option to redeem the 2032 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after January 15, 2027, at the redemption prices of for the twelve-month period beginning January 15, 2027, for the twelve-month period beginning January 15, 2028, and beginning on January 15, 2029 and at any time thereafter, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. In addition, before January 15, 2027, the Issuers may redeem all or any part of the 2032 Notes at a redemption price equal to the sum of the principal amount thereof, plus a make whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The holders of the 2032 Notes may require the Issuers to repurchase the 2032 Notes following certain asset sales or a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the 2032 Notes Indenture) at the prices and on the terms specified in the 2032 Notes Indenture. The 2032 Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit the Partnership s ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and issue preferred securities, make certain dividends and distributions, make certain investments and other restricted payments, restrict distributions by its subsidiaries, create liens, sell assets or merge with other entities. Events of default under the 2032 Notes Indenture include (i) a default in payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, the 2032 Notes, (ii) breach of the Partnership s covenants under the 2032 Notes Indenture, (iii) certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, (iv) any payment default or acceleration of indebtedness of the Partnership or certain subsidiaries if the total amount of such indebtedness unpaid or accelerated exceeds million and (v) failure to pay within uninsured final judgments exceeding million. Please read Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on these senior notes. Financing Obligations The Partnership had financing obligations outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 associated with historical sale-leaseback transactions that did not meet the criteria for sale accounting. Please read Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on these financial obligations. 

 17 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 and million associated with the write-off of a portion of the related deferred financing fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. These expenses are included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Partnership had unamortized deferred financing fees of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unamortized fees related to the Credit Agreement are included in other current assets and other long-term assets and amounted to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unamortized fees related to the senior notes are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability and amounted to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unamortized fees related to the Partnership s sale-lease transactions are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the financing obligation and amounted to million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively is included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Thousands of barrels Short ) Thousands of barrels OTC Derivatives (Petroleum/Ethanol) Long Thousands of barrels Short ) Thousands of barrels 

 (1) Number of open positions and gross notional values do not measure the Partnership s risk of loss, quantify risk or represent assets or liabilities of the Partnership, but rather indicate the relative size of the derivative instruments and are used in the calculation of the amounts to be exchanged between counterparties upon settlements. 

 18 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 ) ) Hedged items in fair value hedge relationship Physical inventory Cost of sales ) ) ) Derivatives Not Accounted for as Hedges The Partnership utilizes petroleum and ethanol commodity contracts to hedge price and currency risk in certain commodity inventories and physical forward contracts. ) ) Commodity Contracts and Other Derivative Activity The Partnership s commodity contracts and other derivative activity include: (i) exchange-traded derivative contracts that are hedges against inventory and either do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated in a hedge accounting relationship, (ii) exchange-traded derivative contracts used to economically hedge physical forward contracts, (iii) financial forward and OTC swap agreements used to economically hedge physical forward contracts and (iv) the derivative instruments under the Partnership s controlled trading program. The Partnership does not take the normal purchase and sale exemption available under ASC 815 for any of its physical forward contracts. 

 19 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Forward derivative contracts (1) Derivative assets Total asset derivatives Liability Derivatives: Exchange-traded derivative contracts Broker margin deposits ) ) Forward derivative contracts (1) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total liability derivatives ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Derivatives Derivatives Not Designated as Designated as Hedging Hedging Balance Sheet Location Instruments Instruments Total Asset Derivatives: Exchange-traded derivative contracts Broker margin deposits Forward derivative contracts (1) Derivative assets Total asset derivatives Liability Derivatives: Exchange-traded derivative contracts Broker margin deposits ) ) Forward derivative contracts (1) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total liability derivatives ) ) 

 (1) Forward derivative contracts include the Partnership s petroleum and ethanol physical and financial forwards and OTC swaps. Credit Risk The Partnership s derivative financial instruments do not contain credit risk related to other contingent features that could cause accelerated payments when these financial instruments are in net liability positions. The Partnership is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to the Partnership s exchange-traded and OTC derivative contracts, but the Partnership has no current reason to expect any material nonperformance by any of these counterparties. Exchange-traded derivative contracts, the primary derivative instrument utilized by the Partnership, are traded on regulated exchanges, greatly reducing potential credit risks. The Partnership utilizes major financial institutions as its clearing brokers for all New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME and Intercontinental Exchange ICE derivative transactions and the right of offset exists with these financial institutions under master netting agreements. Accordingly, the fair value of the Partnership s exchange-traded derivative instruments is presented on a net basis in the consolidated balance sheets. Exposure on OTC derivatives is limited to the amount of the recorded fair value as of the balance sheet dates. Please read Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on derivative financial instruments. 

 20 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Exchange-traded/cleared derivative instruments (2) ) Pension plans Total assets ) Liabilities: Forward derivative contracts (1) ) ) 

Fair Value at December 31, 2023 Cash Collateral Level 1 Level 2 Netting Total Assets: Forward derivative contracts (1) Exchange-traded/cleared derivative instruments (2) ) Pension plans Total assets ) Liabilities: Forward derivative contracts (1) ) ) 

 (1) Forward derivative contracts include the Partnership s petroleum and ethanol physical and financial forwards and OTC swaps. (2) Amount includes the effect of cash balances on deposit with clearing brokers. This table excludes cash on hand and assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost or any basis other than fair value. The carrying amounts of certain of the Partnership s financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The carrying value of the credit facility approximates fair value due to the variable rate nature of these financial instruments. The carrying value of the inventory qualifying for fair value hedge accounting approximates fair value due to adjustments for changes in fair value of the hedged item. The fair values of the derivatives used by the Partnership are disclosed in Note 8. The determination of the fair values above incorporates factors including not only the credit standing of the counterparties involved, but also the impact of the Partnership s nonperformance risks on its liabilities. The Partnership estimates the fair values of its senior notes using a combination of quoted market prices for similar financing arrangements and expected future payments discounted at risk-adjusted rates, which are considered 

 21 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 senior notes due 2027 senior notes due 2029 senior notes due 2032 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements Certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as acquired assets and liabilities, losses related to firm non-cancellable purchase commitments or long-lived assets subject to impairment. For assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis during the period, accounting guidance requires quantitative disclosures about the fair value measurements separately for each major category. ) ) Terminals ) Total environmental liabilities ) ) Current portion Long-term portion Total environmental liabilities In connection with the acquisition of refined product terminals from Gulf Oil as described in Note 2, the Partnership assumed certain environmental liabilities, including certain ongoing environmental remediation efforts. As a result, the Partnership recorded, on an undiscounted basis, a total environmental liability of approximately million as of September 30, 2024. In addition to environmental liabilities related to the Partnership s retail gasoline stations, the Partnership retains some of the environmental obligations associated with certain gasoline stations that the Partnership has sold. The Partnership s estimates used in these environmental liabilities are based on all known facts at the time and its assessment of the ultimate remedial action outcomes. Among the many uncertainties that impact the Partnership s estimates are the necessary regulatory approvals for, and potential modification of, its remediation plans, the amount of data available upon initial assessment of the impact of soil or water contamination, changes in costs associated with environmental remediation services and equipment, relief of obligations through divestitures of sites and the possibility of existing legal claims giving rise to additional claims. Dispositions generally represent relief of legal obligations through the sale of the related property with no retained obligation. Other adjustments generally represent changes in estimates for existing obligations or obligations associated with new sites. Therefore, although the Partnership believes that these environmental liabilities are adequate, no assurances can be made that any costs incurred in excess of these 

 22 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million for an initial ownership interest in the joint venture. The joint venture was formed to invest, directly or indirectly, in Everett Landco, LLC, Landco ), an entity formed to acquire from ExxonMobil Corporation ExxonMobil specified real estate (formerly operated as a refined products terminal), consisting of, in part, multiple facilities used to store and transport petroleum products including oil storage tanks and related facilities located in Everett, Massachusetts (the Project Site and thereafter proceed with certain decommissioning, demolition, environmental remediation, entitlement, horizontal development, and other development activities with respect to the Project Site in one or more phases. Everett is a variable interest entity for which the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary and, therefore, is not consolidated in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements. The Partnership accounts for its investment in Everett as an equity method investment as the Partnership has significant influence, but not a controlling interest in the investee. The Partnership recognized income of and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which is included in (loss) income from equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations . As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership s investment balance in the joint venture was million, which is included in equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On December 5, 2023, Landco completed the purchase of the Project Site. In addition, the Partnership provided certain financial guarantees of Everett s performance pursuant to a Terminal Demolition and Remediation Responsibilities Agreement TDRRA between Landco and ExxonMobil (the Remediation Guaranty ). The Remediation Guaranty was executed at the closing of the Project Site purchase, concurrently with Landco s execution of the TDRRA. The Remediation Guaranty was provided to ExxonMobil to provide security for Landco s obligations to perform and complete the demolition and remediation responsibilities set forth in the TDRRA. The maximum amount of financial assurances liability of the Partnership under the Remediation Guaranty is million (the Guaranty Threshold ). The Guaranty Threshold will be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as Landco undertakes demolition and remediation activities under the TDRRA. The Partnership received financial assurances from the Everett Investor and certain of its affiliates that allow the Partnership to recover of any amounts paid under the Remediation Guaranty, up to million. The Partnership s loss exposure for the Everett investment is limited to the Partnership s investment in the joint venture and any amounts due under the Remediation Guaranty. The Partnership recognized its performance obligation under the Remediation Guaranty at fair value, which was immaterial at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 23 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million in cash for a ownership interest. ExxonMobil has the remaining ownership interest in SPR. SPR is managed by a -person board of managers, of whom is designated by the Partnership. The day-to-day activities of SPR are operated by SPR Operator, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership. SPR Operator provides administrative and support functions, such as operations and management support, accounting, legal and human resources and information technology services and systems to SPR for an annual fixed fee. The Partnership accounts for its investment in SPR as an equity method investment as the Partnership has significant influence, but not a controlling interest in the investee. Under this method with regard to SPR, the investment is carried originally at cost, increased by any allocated share of the investee s net income and contributions made, and decreased by any allocated share of the investee s net losses and distributions received. The investee s allocated share of income and losses is based on the rights and priorities outlined in the joint venture agreement. On June 1, 2023, SPR acquired a portfolio of Houston-area convenience and fueling facilities from Landmark Industries, LLC and its related entities. There have been no changes to the portfolio as of September 30, 2024. The Partnership recognized a (loss) income of million) and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million) and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in (loss) income from equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations . As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership s investment balance in the joint venture was million, which is included in equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. owned by members of the Slifka family (the Slifka Entities Services Agreement ), pursuant to which the Partnership provides certain tax, accounting, treasury, and legal support services and such Slifka entities pay the Partnership an annual services fee of , and which Slifka Entities Services Agreement has been approved by the Conflicts Committee of the board of directors of the General Partner. The Slifka Entities Services Agreement is for an indefinite term and any party may terminate some or all of the services upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. As of September 30, 2024, no such notice of termination had been given by any party to the Slifka Entities Services Agreement. General Partner Affiliates of the Slifka family own of the ownership interests in the General Partner. The General Partner employs substantially all of the Partnership s employees, except for most of its gasoline station and convenience store employees, who are employed by GMG, and for substantially all of the employees who primarily or exclusively provide services to SPR, who are employed by SPR Operator. The Partnership reimburses the General Partner for expenses incurred in connection with these employees. These expenses, including bonus, payroll and payroll taxes, were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Partnership also reimburses the General Partner for its contributions under the General Partner s 401(k) Savings and Profit Sharing Plans and the General Partner s qualified and non-qualified pension plans. 

 24 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million and million from SPR associated with the operations and management agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, SPR Operator employs substantially all of the employees who primarily or exclusively provide services to the Partnership s joint venture. SPR reimburses the Partnership for direct expenses incurred in connection with these employees, which amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Receivables from Spring Partners Retail LLC (2) Total 

 (1) Receivables from the General Partner reflect the Partnership s prepayment of payroll taxes and payroll accruals to the General Partner and are due to the timing of the payroll obligations. (2) Receivables from SPR reflect the Partnership s payment of direct expenditures on behalf of SPR under the operations and maintenance agreement. Everett Landco GP, LLC On October 23, 2023, the Partnership, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Everett Landco, LLC, entered into the Everett LLC Agreement of Everett, a Delaware limited liability company formed as a joint venture with the Everett Investor, an entity controlled by an affiliate of The Davis Companies, a company primarily involved in the acquisition, development, management and sale of commercial real estate. See Note 11. Sale of the Revere Terminal On June 28, 2022, the Partnership completed the sale of its terminal located on Boston Harbor in Revere, Massachusetts (the Revere Terminal to Revere MA Owner LLC (the Revere Buyer for a purchase price of million in cash. In connection with closing under the purchase agreement between the Partnership and the Revere Buyer, the Partnership entered into a leaseback agreement, which meets the criteria for sale accounting, with the Revere Buyer pursuant to which the Partnership leases back key infrastructure at the Revere Terminal, including certain tanks, dock access rights, and loading rack infrastructure, to allow the Partnership to continue business operations at the Revere Terminal. The term of the leaseback agreement, including all renewal options exercisable at the Partnership s election, could extend through September 30, 2039. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement the Partnership entered into with affiliates of the Slifka family (the Initial Sellers ), related parties, in 2015 to acquire the Revere Terminal, the Initial Sellers are entitled to an amount equal to fifty percent of the net proceeds (as defined in the 2015 purchase agreement) (the Initial Sellers Share from the sale of the Revere Terminal. At the time of the 2022 closing, the preliminary calculation of the Initial Sellers Share was approximately million, which amount is subject to future revisions. To date, there have been no payments of additional net proceeds from the 2022 sale of the Revere Terminal relating to the final calculation of the Initial Sellers Share, as adjusted for such shared expenses and potential operating losses or profits. The final calculation of the Initial Sellers Share, including a sharing of any additional expenses in order to satisfy outstanding obligations under the Partnership s current government storage contract at the Revere Terminal and potential 

 25 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 million and million of such additional expenses due to the Initial Sellers which are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Approximately million) and million of the total amount was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million of the total amount was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. common units issued, including common units held by affiliates of the General Partner, including directors and executive officers, and common units held by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership pursuant to its repurchase program for future LTIP obligations, collectively representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership, and general partner units representing a general partner interest in the Partnership. There were no changes to common units or the general partner interest during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Series A Preferred Units On April 15, 2024 the Partnership redeemed all of its Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (the Series A Preferred Units at a redemption price of per unit, plus a per unit cash distribution for the period from February 15, 2024 through April 14, 2024 . Effective April 15, 2024, the Series A Preferred Units are longer outstanding. Series B Preferred Units At September 30, 2024, there were Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units issued representing limited partners interests (the Series B Preferred Units for per Series B Preferred Unit outstanding. There were no changes to the Series B Preferred Units during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Cash Distributions Common Units The Partnership intends to make cash distributions to common unitholders on a quarterly basis, although there is no assurance as to the future cash distributions since they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors. The Credit Agreement prohibits the Partnership from making cash distributions if any potential default or Event of Default, as defined in the Credit Agreement, occurs or would result from the cash distribution. The indentures governing the Partnership s outstanding senior notes also limit the Partnership s ability to make distributions to its common unitholders in certain circumstances. Within after the end of each quarter, the Partnership will distribute all of its Available Cash (as defined in its partnership agreement) to common unitholders of record on the applicable record date. 

 26 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 to the common unitholders, pro rata, and to the General Partner, until the Partnership distributes for each outstanding common unit an amount equal to the minimum quarterly distribution for that quarter; and thereafter, cash in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution is distributed to the common unitholders and the General Partner based on the percentages as provided below. As holder of the IDRs, the General Partner is entitled to incentive distributions if the amount that the Partnership distributes with respect to any quarter exceeds specified target levels shown below: Second Target Distribution above up to Third Target Distribution above up to Thereafter above 5/15/2024 (1) 03/31/24 8/14/2024 (1) 06/30/24 

 (1) This distribution resulted in the Partnership exceeding its third target level distribution for this quarter. As a result, the General Partner, as the holder of the IDRs, received an incentive distribution. 
 In addition, on October 23, 2024, the board of directors of the General Partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of per unit per unit on an annualized basis) on its common units for the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024. On November 14, 2024, the Partnership will pay this cash distribution to its common unitholders of record as of the close of business on November 8, 2024. Series A Preferred Units Prior to the April 15, 2024 redemption of the Series A Preferred Units discussed above, distributions on the Series A Preferred Units were cumulative from August 7, 2018, the original issue date of the Series A Preferred Units, and were payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year (each, a Series A Distribution Payment Date ), commencing on November 15, 2018, to holders of record as of the opening of business on the February 1, May 1, August 1 or November 1 next preceding the Series A Distribution Payment Date, in each case, when, as, and if declared by the General Partner out of legally available funds for such purpose. Distributions on the Series A Preferred Units were paid out of Available Cash with respect to the quarter immediately preceding the applicable Series A Distribution Payment Date. 

 27 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 On April 15, 2024, the Partnership paid the full redemption price of per Series A Preferred Unit , plus a cash distribution per unit for the period from February 15, 2024 through April 14, 2024, for a total amount of million. Series B Preferred Units Distributions on the Series B Preferred Units are cumulative from March 24, 2021, the original issue date of the Series B Preferred Units, and payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year (each, a Series B Distribution Payment Date ), commencing on May 15, 2021, to holders of record as of the opening of business on the February 1, May 1, August 1 or November 1 next preceding the Series B Distribution Payment Date, in each case, when, as, and if declared by the General Partner out of legally available funds for such purpose. Distributions on the Series B Preferred Units will be paid out of Available Cash with respect to the quarter immediately preceding the applicable Series B Distribution Payment Date. The distribution rate for the Series B Preferred Units is per annum of the liquidation preference per Series B Preferred Unit (equal to per Series B Preferred Unit per annum). At any time on or after May 15, 2026, the Partnership may redeem, in whole or in part, the Series B Preferred Units at a redemption price in cash of per Series B Preferred Unit plus an amount equal to all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption, whether or not declared. The Partnership must provide not less than and not more than advance written notice of any such redemption. 5/15/2024 2/15/24 - 5/14/24 8/15/2024 5/15/24 - 8/14/24 On October 15, 2024, the board of directors of the General Partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of per unit per unit on an annualized basis) on the Series B Preferred Units for the period from August 15, 2024 through November 14, 2024. This distribution will be payable on November 15, 2024 to holders of record as of the opening of business on November 1, 2024. 

 28 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Distillates and other oils (1) Total Product margin Gasoline and gasoline blendstocks Distillates and other oils (1) Total Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations Segment: Sales Gasoline Station operations (2) Total Product margin Gasoline Station operations (2) Total Commercial Segment: Sales Product margin Combined sales and Product margin: Sales Product margin (3) Depreciation allocated to cost of sales ) ) ) ) Combined gross profit 

 (1) Distillates and other oils (primarily residual oil and crude oil). (2) Station operations consist of convenience store and prepared food sales, rental income and sundries. (3) Product margin is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management and external users of the Partnership s consolidated financial statements to assess its business. The table above includes a reconciliation of product margin on a combined basis to gross profit, a directly comparable GAAP measure. Approximately million gallons and million gallons of the GDSO segment s sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million gallons and million gallons of the GDSO segment s sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, were supplied from petroleum products and renewable fuels sourced by the Wholesale segment. The Commercial segment s sales were predominantly sourced by the Wholesale segment. These intra-segment sales are not reflected as sales in the Wholesale segment as they are eliminated. 

 29 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Operating costs and expenses not allocated to operating segments: Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating expenses Amortization expense Net gain on sale and disposition of assets ) ) ) ) Long-lived asset impairment Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (Loss) income from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income The Partnership s foreign assets and foreign sales were immaterial as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Segment Assets The Partnership s terminal assets are allocated to the Wholesale and Commercial segments, and its retail gasoline stations are allocated to the GDSO segment. Due to the commingled nature and uses of the remainder of the Partnership s assets, it is not reasonably possible for the Partnership to allocate these assets among its reportable segments. December 31, 2023 

 (1) Includes the Partnership s equity method investments (see Note 11). and common units, respectively, held on behalf of the Partnership pursuant to its repurchase program. These units are not deemed outstanding for purposes of calculating net 

 30 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Declared distribution Assumed allocation of undistributed net income Assumed allocation of net income Less: Preferred limited partner interest in net income Net income attributable to common limited partners Denominator: Basic weighted average common units outstanding Dilutive effect of phantom units Diluted weighted average common units outstanding Basic net income per common limited partner unit Diluted net income per common limited partner unit 

 31 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 Declared distribution Assumed allocation of undistributed net income Assumed allocation of net income Less: Preferred limited partner interest in net income Less: Redemption of Series A preferred limited partner units Net income attributable to common limited partners Denominator: Basic weighted average common units outstanding Dilutive effect of phantom units Diluted weighted average common units outstanding Basic net income per common limited partner unit Diluted net income per common limited partner unit See Note 13, Partners Equity and Cash Distributions for information on declared cash distributions. 

 32 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

33 

Table of Contents GLOBAL PARTNERS LP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 per unit per unit on an annualized basis) for the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024. On November 14, 2024, the Partnership will pay this cash distribution to its common unitholders of record as of the close of business on November 8, 2024. Distribution to Series B Preferred Unitholders On October 15, 2024, the board of directors of the General Partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of per unit per unit on an annualized basis) on the Series B Preferred Units, covering the period from August 15, 2024 through November 14, 2024. This d istribution will be payable on November 15, 2024 to holders of record as of the opening of business on November 1, 2024. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of Global Partners LP should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements of Global Partners LP and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We account for our investments in Spring Partners Retail LLC SPR and Everett Landco GP, LLC Everett as equity method investments. Under this method, our share of income and losses is included in (loss) income from equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations of Global Partners LP, and our investment balance in the joint ventures are included in equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Partners LP. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, the information and discussion and analysis in this section does not otherwise take into account the financial condition and results of operations of SPR or Everett. Forward-Looking Statements Some of the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may project, indicate or imply future results, events, performance or achievements, and may contain the words may, believe, should, could, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, estimate, continue, will likely result, or other similar expressions although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. In addition, any statement made by our management concerning future financial performance (including future revenues, earnings or growth rates), ongoing business strategies or prospects, and possible actions by us are also forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, statements made regarding future results are subject to a number of assumptions, uncertainties and risks, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause future results to be materially different from the results stated or implied in this document. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things: We may not have sufficient cash from operations to enable us to pay distributions on our Series B preferred units or maintain distributions on our common units at current levels following establishment of cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to our general partner. A significant decrease in price or demand for the products we sell or a significant increase in the cost of our logistics activities could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. The impact on the global economy and commodity prices resulting from the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East may have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We depend upon marine, pipeline, rail and truck transportation services for the petroleum products we purchase and sell. Regulations and directives related to these aforementioned services as well as a disruption in any of these transportation services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We have contractual obligations for certain transportation assets such as barges and railcars. A decline in demand for the products we sell could result in a decrease in the utilization of our transportation assets, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We may not be able to fully implement or capitalize upon planned growth projects. Even if we consummate acquisitions or expend capital in pursuit of growth projects that we believe will be accretive, they may in fact result in no increase or even a decrease in cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We may not be able to realize expected returns or other anticipated benefits associated with our joint ventures. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Erosion of the value of major gasoline brands could adversely affect our gasoline sales and customer traffic.
 Our motor fuel sales could be significantly reduced by a reduction in demand due to higher prices and new technologies and alternative fuel sources, such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel- powered motor vehicles. In addition, changing consumer preferences or driving habits could lead to new forms of fueling destinations or potentially fewer customer visits to our sites, resulting in a decrease in gasoline sales and/or sales of food, sundries and other on-site services. Effects of climate change and impacts to areas prone to sea level rise or other extreme weather events could have the potential to adversely affect our assets and operations.
 Changes in government usage mandates and tax credits could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol and renewable fuels, which could negatively impact our sales.
 Our petroleum and related products sales, logistics activities, convenience store operations and results of operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by, among other things, changes in the petroleum products market structure, product differentials and volatility (or lack thereof), regulations that adversely impact the market for transporting petroleum and related products, severe weather conditions, significant changes in prices, labor and equipment shortages and interruptions in transportation services and other necessary services and equipment, such as railcars, barges, trucks, loading equipment and qualified drivers.
 Our risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity risk, basis risk or the impact of unfavorable market conditions, each of which can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, any noncompliance with our risk management policies could result in significant financial losses. 
 Our results of operations are affected by the overall forward market for the products we sell, and pricing volatility may adversely impact our results.
 Our businesses could be affected by a range of issues, such as changes in demand, commodity prices, energy conservation, competition, the global economic climate, movement of products between foreign locales and within the United States, changes in refiner demand, weekly and monthly refinery output levels, changes in the rate of inflation or deflation, changes in local, domestic and worldwide inventory levels, changes in health, safety and environmental regulations, including, without limitation, those related to climate change, additional government regulations related to the products we sell, failure to obtain permits, amend existing permits for expansion and/or to address changes to our assets and underlying operations, or renew existing permits on terms favorable to us, seasonality, supply, weather and logistics disruptions and other factors and uncertainties inherent in the transportation, storage, terminalling and marketing of refined products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil. 
 We may experience more demand for gasoline during the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter months.
 Warmer weather conditions adversely affect our home heating oil and residual oil sales. Our sales of home heating oil and residual oil continue to be reduced by conversions to natural gas and/or electric heat pumps and by utilization of propane and/or natural gas (instead of heating oil) as primary fuel sources. 
 Increases and/or decreases in the prices of the products we sell could adversely impact the amount of availability for borrowing working capital under our credit agreement, which has borrowing base limitations and advance rates.
 We are exposed to trade credit risk and risk associated with our trade credit support in the ordinary course of our businesses.

36 

Table of Contents 
 The condition of credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity. Operating and financial covenants and borrowing base requirements included in our debt instruments as well as our debt levels could impact our access to sources of financing and our ability to pursue business activities. 
 A significant increase in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders and our ability to service our indebtedness. Governmental action and campaigns to discourage smoking and use of other products could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders.
 Our results can be adversely affected by unforeseen events, such as adverse weather, natural disasters, terrorism, cyberattacks, pandemics, or other catastrophic events.
 Our businesses, including our gasoline station and convenience store business, expose us to litigation which could result in an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more lawsuits where insurance proceeds are insufficient or otherwise unavailable. A disruption to our information technology systems, including cybersecurity, could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our businesses.
 We are exposed to performance risk in our supply chain.
 Our businesses are subject to federal, state and municipal environmental and non-environmental regulations which could significantly impact our operations, increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on such businesses.
 Our general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which could permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders.
 Unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors or remove our general partner without the consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates), which could lower the trading price of our units.
 Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.
 Unitholders may be required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us.
 Additional information about risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements is contained in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update these statements to reflect any change in our expectations or beliefs or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based, other than as required by federal and state securities laws. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and all subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Overview We are a master limited partnership formed in March 2005. We own, control or have access to a large terminal network of refined petroleum products and renewable fuels with connectivity to strategic rail, pipeline and marine assets spanning from Maine to Florida and into the U.S. Gulf States. We are one of the largest independent owners, suppliers and operators of gasoline stations and convenience stores, primarily in Massachusetts, Maine, Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania (collectively, the Northeast and Maryland and Virginia. As of September 30, 2024, we had a portfolio of 1,589 owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, including 306 directly operated convenience stores, primarily in the Northeast, as well as 64 gasoline stations located in Texas that are operated by our unconsolidated affiliate, SPR. We are also one of the largest distributors of gasoline, distillates, residual oil and renewable fuels to wholesalers, retailers and commercial customers in the New England states and New York. We engage in the purchasing, selling, gathering, blending, storing and logistics of transporting petroleum and related products, including gasoline and gasoline blendstocks (such as ethanol), distillates (such as home heating oil, diesel and kerosene), residual oil, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane and in the transportation of petroleum products and renewable fuels by rail from the mid-continent region of the United States and Canada. Collectively, we sold approximately 4.2 billion and 12.5 billion of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. In addition, we had other revenues of approximately 0.2 billion and 0.4 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from convenience store and prepared food sales at our directly operated stores, rental income from dealer leased and commissioned agent leased gasoline stations and from cobranding arrangements, and sundries. We base our pricing on spot prices, fixed prices or indexed prices and routinely use the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME and Intercontinental Exchange ICE or other counterparties to hedge the risk inherent in buying and selling commodities. Through the use of regulated exchanges or derivatives, we seek to maintain a position that is substantially balanced between purchased volumes and sales volumes or future delivery obligations. 2024 Events Redemption of Series A Preferred Units On April 15, 2024 we redeemed all of our outstanding Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (the Series A Preferred Units at a redemption price of 25.00 per unit, plus a 0.514275 per unit cash distribution for the period from February 15, 2024 through April 14, 2024 . Effective April 15, 2024, the Series A Preferred Units are no longer outstanding. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Acquisition of Terminals from Gulf Oil On April 9, 2024, we acquired four refined-product terminals from Gulf Oil Limited Partnership Gulf Oil which are located in Chelsea, MA, New Haven, CT, Linden, NJ and Woodbury, NJ, pursuant to a purchase agreement initially entered into on December 15, 2022 and subsequently amended and restated on February 23, 2024. The acquisition price was approximately 215.0 million, excluding inventory acquired from Gulf Oil. We financed the transaction with borrowings under our revolving credit facility. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Credit Agreement Facility Reallocation and Accordion Reduction On February 5, 2024, we and the lenders under our credit agreement agreed, pursuant to the terms of our credit agreement, to (i) a reallocation of 300.0 million of the revolving credit facility to the working capital revolving credit facility and (ii) reduce the accordion feature from 200.0 million to 0. After giving effect to the reallocation and the accordion reduction, the working capital revolving credit facility is 950.0 million and the revolving credit facility is 600.0 million, for a total commitment of 1.55 billion, effective February 8, 2024. This reallocation and accordion reduction return our credit facilities to the terms in place prior to the reallocation and accordion exercise previously agreed to by us and the lenders on December 7, 2023. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Agreement. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 2032 Notes Offering On January 18, 2024, we and GLP Finance Corp. issued 450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.250 senior notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes that are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement and for general corporate purposes. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Senior Notes. Operating Segments We purchase refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil primarily from domestic and foreign refiners and ethanol producers, crude oil producers, major and independent oil companies and trading companies. We operate our businesses under three segments: (i) Wholesale, (ii) Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations GDSO and (iii) Commercial. Wholesale In our Wholesale segment, we engage in the logistics of selling, gathering, blending, storing and transporting refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane. We transport these products by railcars, barges, trucks and/or pipelines pursuant to spot or long-term contracts. We sell home heating oil, branded and unbranded gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, diesel, kerosene and residual oil to home heating oil and propane retailers and wholesale distributors. Generally, customers use their own vehicles or contract carriers to take delivery of the gasoline, distillates and propane at bulk terminals and inland storage facilities that we own or control or at which we have throughput or exchange arrangements. Ethanol is shipped primarily by rail and by barge. In our Wholesale segment, we obtain Renewable Identification Numbers RIN in connection with our purchase of ethanol which is used for bulk trading purposes or for blending with gasoline through our terminal system. A RIN is an identification number associated with government-mandated renewable fuel standards. To evidence that the required volume of renewable fuel is blended with gasoline, obligated parties must retire sufficient RINs to cover their Renewable Volume Obligation RVO ). Our U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA obligations relative to renewable fuel reporting are comprised of foreign gasoline and diesel that we may import and blending operations at certain facilities. W e separate RINs from renewable fuel through blending with gasoline and can use those separated RINs to settle our RVO. Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations In our GDSO segment, gasoline distribution includes sales of branded and unbranded gasoline to gasoline station operators and sub-jobbers. Station operations include (i) convenience store and prepared food sales, (ii) rental income from gasoline stations leased to dealers, from commissioned agents and from cobranding arrangements and (iii) sundries (such as car wash sales and lottery and ATM commissions). As of September 30, 2024, we had a portfolio of owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, primarily in the Northeast, that consisted of the following: 

Company operated (1) 306 Commissioned agents 312 Lessee dealers 177 Contract dealers 794 Total 1,589 

 (1) Excludes 64 sites operated by our joint venture, SPR (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). At our company- operated stores, we operate the gasoline stations and convenience stores with our employees, and we set the retail price of gasoline at the station. At commissioned agent locations, we own the gasoline inventory, and we set the retail price of gasoline at the station and pay the commissioned agent a fee related to the gallons sold. We receive rental income from commissioned agent leased gasoline stations for the leasing of the convenience store 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 premises, repair bays and/or other businesses that may be conducted by the commissioned agent. At dealer- leased locations, the dealer purchases gasoline from us, and the dealer sets the retail price of gasoline at the dealer s station. We also receive rental income from (i) dealer-leased gasoline stations and (ii) cobranding arrangements. We also supply gasoline to locations owned and/or leased by independent contract dealers. Additionally, we have contractual relationships with distributors in certain New England states pursuant to which we source and supply these distributors gasoline stations with Exxon- or Mobil-branded gasoline. Commercial In our Commercial segment, we include sales and deliveries to end user customers in the public sector and to large commercial and industrial end users of unbranded gasoline, home heating oil, diesel, kerosene, residual oil and bunker fuel. In the case of public sector commercial and industrial end user customers, we sell products primarily either through a competitive bidding process or through contracts of various terms. We respond to publicly issued requests for product proposals and quotes. We generally arrange for the delivery of the product to the customer s designated location. Our Commercial segment also includes sales of custom blended fuels delivered by barges or from a terminal dock to ships through bunkering activity. Seasonality Due to the nature of our businesses and our reliance, in part, on consumer travel and spending patterns, we may experience more demand for gasoline during the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter months. Travel and recreational activities are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which we operate, increasing the demand for gasoline. Therefore, our volumes in gasoline are typically higher in the second and third quarters of the calendar year. As demand for some of our refined petroleum products, specifically home heating oil and residual oil for space heating purposes, is generally greater during the winter months, heating oil and residual oil volumes are generally higher during the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. These factors may result in fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. Outlook This section identifies certain risks and certain economic or industry-wide factors that may affect our financial performance and results of operations in the future, both in the short-term and in the long-term. Our results of operations and financial condition depend, in part, upon the following: Our businesses are influenced by the overall markets for refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane and increases and/or decreases in the prices of these products may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders and the amount of borrowing available for working capital under our credit agreement. Results from our purchasing, storing, terminalling, transporting, selling and blending operations are influenced by prices for refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane, price volatility and the market for such products. Prices in the overall markets for these products may affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Our margins can be significantly impacted by the forward product pricing curve, often referred to as the futures market. We typically hedge our exposure to petroleum product and renewable fuel price moves with futures contracts and, to a lesser extent, swaps. In markets where future prices are higher than current prices, referred to as contango, we may use our storage capacity to improve our margins by storing products we have purchased at lower prices in the current market for delivery to customers at higher prices in the future. In markets where future prices are lower than current prices, referred to as backwardation, inventories can depreciate in value and hedging costs are more expensive. For this reason, in these backward markets, we attempt to reduce our inventories in order to minimize these effects. Our inventory management is dependent on the use of hedging instruments which are managed based on the structure of the forward pricing curve. Daily market changes may impact periodic results due to the point-in-time valuation of these positions. Volatility in petroleum markets may impact our results. When prices for the products we sell rise, some of our customers may have insufficient credit to purchase supply from us at their historical purchase volumes, and their customers, in turn, may adopt conservation measures which reduce 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 consumption, thereby reducing demand for product. Furthermore, when prices increase rapidly and dramatically, we may be unable to promptly pass our additional costs on to our customers, resulting in lower margins which could adversely affect our results of operations. Higher prices for the products we sell may (1) diminish our access to trade credit support and/or cause it to become more expensive and (2) decrease the amount of borrowings available for working capital under our credit agreement as a result of total available commitments, borrowing base limitations and advance rates thereunder. When prices for the products we sell decline, our exposure to risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers of our forward contracts may be increased as they and/or their customers may breach their contracts and purchase the products we sell at the then lower market price from a competitor. We commit substantial resources to pursuing acquisitions and expending capital for growth projects, although there is no certainty that we will successfully complete any acquisitions or growth projects or receive the economic results we anticipate from completed acquisitions or growth projects. We are continuously engaged in discussions with potential sellers and lessors of existing (or suitable for development) terminalling, storage, logistics and/or marketing assets, including gasoline stations, convenience stores and related businesses, and also consider organic growth projects. Our growth largely depends on our ability to make accretive acquisitions and/or accretive development projects. We may be unable to execute such accretive transactions for a number of reasons, including the following: (1) we are unable to identify attractive transaction candidates or negotiate acceptable terms; (2) we are unable to obtain financing for such transactions on economically acceptable terms; or (3) we are outbid by competitors. Many of these transactions involve numerous regulatory, environmental, commercial and legal uncertainties beyond our control, which may materially alter the expected return associated with the underlying transaction. We may consummate transactions that we believe will be accretive but that ultimately may not be accretive. We may not be able to realize expected returns or other anticipated benefits associated with our joint ventures. We are currently involved in two joint ventures. We may not always be in complete alignment with our unaffiliated joint venture counterparties due to, for example, conflicting strategic objectives, change in control, change in market conditions or applicable laws, or other events. We may disagree on governance matters with respect to the respective joint venture or the jointly-owned assets and may be outvoted by our respective joint venture counterparty. Our joint venture arrangements may also require us to expend additional resources that could otherwise be directed to other areas of our business. As a result of such challenges, the anticipated benefits associated with our joint ventures may not be achieved and could negatively impact our results of operations. The condition of credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity. In the past, world financial markets experienced a severe reduction in the availability of credit. Possible negative impacts in the future could include a decrease in the availability of borrowings under our credit agreement, increased counterparty credit risk on our derivatives contracts and our contractual counterparties could require us to provide collateral. In addition, we could experience a tightening of trade credit from our suppliers. We depend upon marine, pipeline, rail and truck transportation services for a substantial portion of our logistics activities in transporting the petroleum products we purchase and sell. Disruption in any of these transportation services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Hurricanes, flooding and other severe weather conditions could cause a disruption in the transportation services we depend upon and could affect the flow of service. In addition, accidents, labor disputes between providers and their employees and labor renegotiations, including strikes, lockouts or a work stoppage, shortage of railcars, trucks and barges, mechanical difficulties or bottlenecks and disruptions in transportation logistics could also disrupt our business operations. These events could result in service disruptions and increased costs which could also adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Other disruptions, such as those due to an act of terrorism or war, could also adversely affect our businesses. We have contractual obligations for certain transportation assets such as barges and railcars. A decline in demand for the products we sell could result in a decrease in the utilization of our transportation assets. Certain costs associated with our contractual obligations for certain transportation assets are fixed and do not vary with 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 volumes transported. Should we experience a reduction in our logistics activities, costs associated with our contractual obligations for related transportation assets may not decrease ratably or at all. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders may be negatively impacted. Our gasoline financial results in our GDSO segment can be lower in the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year due to seasonal fluctuations in demand. Due to the nature of our businesses and our reliance, in part, on consumer travel and spending patterns, we may experience more demand for gasoline during the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter months. Travel and recreational activities are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which we operate, increasing the demand for gasoline. Therefore, our results of operations in gasoline can be lower in the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Our heating oil and residual oil financial results can be lower in the second and third quarters of the calendar year. Demand for some refined petroleum products, specifically home heating oil and residual oil for space heating purposes, is generally higher during November through March than during April through October. We obtain a significant portion of these sales during the winter months. Warmer weather conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Weather conditions generally have an impact on the demand for both home heating oil and residual oil. Because we supply distributors whose customers depend on home heating oil and residual oil for space heating purposes during the winter, warmer-than-normal temperatures during the first and fourth calendar quarters can decrease the total volume we sell and the gross profit realized on those sales. Our gasoline, convenience store and prepared food sales could be significantly reduced by a reduction in demand due to higher prices and inflation in general and new technologies and alternative fuel sources, such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel-powered motor vehicles and changing consumer preferences and driving habits. Technological advances and alternative fuel sources, such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel- powered motor vehicles, may adversely affect the demand for gasoline. We could face additional competition from alternative energy sources as a result of future government- mandated controls or regulations which promote the use of alternative fuel sources. A number of new legal incentives and regulatory requirements, and executive initiatives, including various government subsidies including the extension of certain tax credits for renewable energy, have made these alternative forms of energy more competitive. Changing consumer preferences or driving habits could lead to new forms of fueling destinations or potentially fewer customer visits to our sites, resulting in a decrease in gasoline sales and/or sales of food, sundries and other on-site services. In addition, higher prices and inflation in general could reduce the demand for gasoline and the products and services we offer at our convenience stores and adversely impact our sales. A reduction in our sales could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Energy efficiency, higher prices, new technology and alternative fuels could reduce demand for our heating oil and residual oil. Increased conservation and technological advances have adversely affected the demand for home heating oil and residual oil. Consumption of residual oil has steadily declined over the last several decades. We could face additional competition from alternative energy sources as a result of future government-mandated controls or regulations further promoting the use of cleaner fuels. End users who are dual-fuel users have the ability to switch between residual oil and natural gas. Other end users may elect to convert to natural gas, electric heat pumps or other alternative fuels. During a period of increasing residual oil prices relative to the prices of natural gas, dual-fuel customers may switch and other end users may convert to natural gas. During periods of increasing home heating oil prices relative to the price of natural gas, residential users of home heating oil may also convert to natural gas, electric heat pumps or other alternative fuels. As described above, such switching or conversion could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Changes in government usage mandates and tax credits could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol and renewable fuels, which could negatively impact our sales. The EPA has implemented a Renewable 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 Fuels Standard RFS pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. The RFS program seeks to promote the incorporation of renewable fuels in the nation s fuel supply and, to that end, sets annual quotas for the quantity of renewable fuels (such as ethanol) that must be blended into transportation fuels consumed in the United States. A RIN is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in or imported into the United States. We are exposed to volatility in the market price of RINs. We cannot predict the future prices of RINs. RIN prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including EPA regulations related to the amount of RINs required and the total amounts that can be generated, the availability of RINs for purchase, the price at which RINs can be purchased, and levels of transportation fuels produced, all of which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. If sufficient RINs are unavailable for purchase or if we have to pay a significantly higher price for RINs, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the EPA s RFS mandates, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend based upon the relative value of gasoline and ethanol, taking into consideration the EPA s regulations on the RFS program and oxygenate blending requirements. A reduction or waiver of the RFS mandate or oxygenate blending requirements could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol, which in turn could adversely affect our future gasoline and ethanol sales. In addition, changes in blending requirements or broadening the definition of what constitutes a renewable fuel could affect the price of RINs which could impact the magnitude of the mark-to-market liability recorded for the deficiency, if any, in our RIN position relative to our RVO at a point in time. Future changes proposed by EPA for the renewable volume obligations may increase the cost to consumers for transportation fuel, which could result in a decline in demand for fuels and lower revenues for our business. Governmental action and campaigns to discourage smoking and use of other products may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Congress has given the Food and Drug Administration FDA broad authority to regulate tobacco and nicotine products, and the FDA, states and some municipalities have enacted and are pursuing enaction of numerous regulations restricting the sale of such products. These governmental actions, as well as national, state and municipal campaigns to discourage smoking, tax increases, and imposition of regulations restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products , have and could result in reduced consumption levels, higher costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, and reduced overall customer traffic. Also, increasing regulations related to and restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products may offset some of the gains we have experienced from selling these types of products. These factors could materially affect the sale of this product mix which in turn could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Environmental laws and other industry-related regulations or environmental litigation could significantly impact our operations and/or increase our costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to federal, state and municipal laws and regulations regulating, among other matters, logistics activities, product quality specifications and other environmental matters. The trend in environmental regulation has been towards more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment over time. For example, President Biden signed an executive order calling for new or more stringent emissions standards for new, modified and existing oil and gas facilities, and the EPA finalized rules to that effect. Our businesses may be adversely affected by increased costs and liabilities resulting from such stricter laws and regulations. We try to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing environmental laws and regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance. There can be no assurances as to the timing and type of such changes in existing laws or the promulgation of new laws or the amount of any required expenditures associated therewith. Risks related to our environmental permits, including the risk of noncompliance, permit interpretation, permit modification, renewal of permits on less favorable terms, judicial or administrative challenges to permits by citizens groups or federal, state or municipal entities or permit revocation are inherent in the operation of our businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. We may not be able to renew the permits necessary for our operations, or we may be forced to accept terms in future permits that limit our operations or result in additional compliance costs. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Evaluating Our Results of Operations Our management uses a variety of financial and operational measurements to analyze our performance. These measurements include: (1) product margin, (2) gross profit, (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, (4) distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow, (5) selling, general and administrative expenses SG A ), (6) operating expenses and (7) degree days. Product Margin We view product margin as an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations. We review product margin monthly for consistency and trend analysis. We define product margin as our product sales minus product costs. Product sales primarily include sales of unbranded and branded gasoline, distillates, residual oil, renewable fuels and crude oil, as well as convenience store and prepared food sales, gasoline station rental income and revenue generated from our logistics activities when we engage in the storage, transloading and shipment of products owned by others. Product costs include the cost of acquiring products and all associated costs including shipping and handling costs to bring such products to the point of sale as well as product costs related to convenience store items and costs associated with our logistics activities. We also look at product margin on a per unit basis (product margin divided by volume). Product margin is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management and external users of our consolidated financial statements to assess our business. Product margin should not be considered an alternative to net income, operating income, cash flow from operations, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our product margin may not be comparable to product margin or a similarly titled measure of other companies. Gross Profit We define gross profit as our product margin minus terminal and gasoline station related depreciation expense allocated to cost of sales. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures used as supplemental financial measures by management and may be used by external users of our consolidated financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to assess: our compliance with certain financial covenants included in our debt agreements; our financial performance without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or historical cost basis; our ability to generate cash sufficient to pay interest on our indebtedness and to make distributions to our partners; our operating performance and return on invested capital as compared to those of other companies in the wholesale, marketing, storing and distribution of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane, and in the gasoline stations and convenience stores business, without regard to financing methods and capital structure; and the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return of alternative investment opportunities. Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA further adjusted for gains or losses on the sale and disposition of assets, goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges and our proportionate share of EBITDA related to our joint ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method . EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives to net 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 income, operating income, cash flow from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income, and these measures may vary among other companies. Therefore, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Distributable Cash Flow Distributable cash flow is an important non-GAAP financial measure for our limited partners since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on their investment. Distributable cash flow as defined by our partnership agreement is net income plus depreciation and amortization minus maintenance capital expenditures, as well as adjustments to eliminate items approved by the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner that are extraordinary or non-recurring in nature and that would otherwise increase distributable cash flow. Distributable cash flow as used in our partnership agreement also determines our ability to make cash distributions on our incentive distribution rights. The investment community also uses a distributable cash flow metric similar to the metric used in our partnership agreement with respect to publicly traded partnerships to indicate whether or not such partnerships have generated sufficient earnings on a current or historical level that can sustain distributions on preferred or common units or support an increase in quarterly cash distributions on common units. Our partnership agreement does not permit adjustments for certain non-cash items, such as net losses on the sale and disposition of assets and goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges. Adjusted distributable cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure intended to provide management and investors with an enhanced perspective of our financial performance. Adjusted distributable cash flow is distributable cash flow (as defined in our partnership agreement) further adjusted for our proportionate share of distributable cash flow related to our joint ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method. Adjusted distributable cash flow is not used in our partnership agreement to determine our ability to make cash distributions and may be higher or lower than distributable cash flow as calculated under our partnership agreement. Distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow should not be considered as alternatives to net income, operating income, cash flow from operations, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow may not be comparable to distributable cash flow or similarly titled measures of other companies. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Our SG A expenses include, among other things, marketing costs, corporate overhead, employee salaries and benefits, pension and 401(k) plan expenses, discretionary bonuses, non-interest financing costs, professional fees and information technology expenses. Employee-related expenses including employee salaries, discretionary bonuses and related payroll taxes, benefits, and pension and 401(k) plan expenses are paid by our general partner which, in turn, are reimbursed for these expenses by us. Operating Expenses Operating expenses are costs associated with the operation of the terminals, transload facilities and gasoline stations and convenience stores used in our businesses. Lease payments, maintenance and repair, property taxes, utilities, credit card fees, taxes, labor and labor-related expenses comprise the most significant portion of our operating expenses. While the majority of these expenses remains relatively stable, independent of the volumes through our system, they can fluctuate depending on the activities performed during a specific period. In addition, they can be impacted by new directives issued by federal, state and local governments. Degree Days A degree day is an industry measurement of temperature designed to evaluate energy demand and consumption. Degree days are based on how far the average temperature departs from a human comfort level of 65 F. Each degree of 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 temperature above 65 F is counted as one cooling degree day, and each degree of temperature below 65 F is counted as one heating degree day. Degree days are accumulated each day over the course of a year and can be compared to a monthly or a long-term (multi-year) average, or normal, to see if a month or a year was warmer or cooler than usual. Degree days are officially observed by the National Weather Service and officially archived by the National Climatic Data Center. For purposes of evaluating our results of operations, we use the normal heating degree day amount as reported by the National Weather Service at its Logan International Airport station in Boston, Massachusetts. 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 Key Performance Indicators The following table provides a summary of some of the key performance indicators that may be used to assess our results of operations. These comparisons are not necessarily indicative of future results (gallons and dollars in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 45,922 26,808 86,469 97,228 EBITDA (1) 119,059 76,664 294,791 245,494 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 113,956 77,732 291,078 244,129 Distributable cash flow (2)(3) 71,133 42,229 160,066 143,357 Adjusted distributable cash flow (2) 71,639 43,262 161,827 142,914 Wholesale Segment: Volume (gallons) 1,185,784 829,706 3,330,664 2,567,873 Sales Gasoline and gasoline blendstocks 1,790,302 1,614,459 4,909,560 4,213,536 Distillates and other oils (4) 933,908 715,437 3,116,686 2,682,493 Total 2,724,210 2,329,896 8,026,246 6,896,029 Product margin Gasoline and gasoline blendstocks 43,024 20,390 143,197 79,799 Distillates and other oils (4) 28,118 16,780 69,230 70,226 Total 71,142 37,170 212,427 150,025 Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations Segment: Volume (gallons) 412,697 426,794 1,184,005 1,223,382 Sales Gasoline 1,269,955 1,460,670 3,683,780 3,996,890 Station operations (5) 150,943 156,685 430,636 431,951 Total 1,420,898 1,617,355 4,114,416 4,428,841 Product margin Gasoline 164,122 132,000 433,065 380,699 Station operations (5) 73,590 74,530 213,831 208,456 Total 237,712 206,530 646,896 589,155 Commercial Segment: Volume (gallons) 122,648 108,383 362,795 310,546 Sales 277,130 273,794 836,666 758,192 Product margin 9,509 8,426 22,699 23,310 Combined sales and product margin: Sales 4,422,238 4,221,045 12,977,328 12,083,062 Product margin (6) 318,363 252,126 882,022 762,490 Depreciation allocated to cost of sales (32,314) (23,606) (92,954) (69,247) Combined gross profit 286,049 228,520 789,068 693,243 GDSO portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 2024 2023 Company operated (7) 306 342 Commissioned agents 312 300 Lessee dealers 177 184 Contract dealers 794 798 Total GDSO portfolio 1,589 1,624 

 47 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weather conditions: Normal heating degree days 96 96 3,781 3,750 Actual heating degree days 37 56 3,264 3,150 Variance from normal heating degree days (61) (42) (14) (16) Variance from prior period actual heating degree days (34) (2) 4 (9) 

 (1) EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures which are discussed above under Evaluating Our Results of Operations. The table below presents reconciliations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. (2) Distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures which are discussed above under Evaluating Our Results of Operations. As defined by our partnership agreement, distributable cash flow is not adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as net losses on the sale and disposition of assets and goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges. The table below presents reconciliations of distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. (3) Distributable cash flow includes a net gain on sale and disposition of assets and long-lived asset impairment of 7.3 million and 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 10.1 million and 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Distributable cash flow also includes (loss) income from equity method investments of 0.1 million) and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 1.9 million) and 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). (4) Distillates and other oils (primarily residual oil and crude oil). (5) Station operations consist of convenience store and prepared food sales, rental income and sundries. (6) Product margin is a non-GAAP financial measure which is discussed above under Evaluating Our Results of Operations. The table above includes a reconciliation of product margin on a combined basis to gross profit, a directly comparable GAAP measure. (7) Excludes 64 sites at September 30, 2024 that are operated by our SPR joint venture (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents reconciliations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures on a historical basis for each period presented (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: Net income 45,922 26,808 86,469 97,228 Depreciation and amortization 35,753 27,507 103,505 80,952 Interest expense 35,129 21,089 100,356 64,963 Income tax expense 2,255 1,260 4,461 2,351 EBITDA 119,059 76,664 294,791 245,494 Net gain on sale and disposition of assets (7,805) (897) (10,609) (2,141) Long-lived asset impairment 492 492 Loss (income) from equity method investments (1) 147 (1,180) 1,872 (2,384) EBITDA related to equity method investments (1) 2,063 3,145 4,532 3,160 Adjusted EBITDA 113,956 77,732 291,078 244,129 Reconciliation of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 122,709 97,088 (35,647) 343,025 Net changes in operating assets and liabilities and certain non-cash items (41,034) (42,773) 225,621 (164,845) Interest expense 35,129 21,089 100,356 64,963 Income tax expense 2,255 1,260 4,461 2,351 EBITDA 119,059 76,664 294,791 245,494 Net gain on sale and disposition of assets (7,805) (897) (10,609) (2,141) Long-lived asset impairment 492 492 Loss (income) from equity method investments (1) 147 (1,180) 1,872 (2,384) EBITDA related to equity method investments (1) 2,063 3,145 4,532 3,160 Adjusted EBITDA 113,956 77,732 291,078 244,129 

 (1) Represents our proportionate share of (loss) income and EBITDA, as applicable, related to our interests in our equity method investments (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents reconciliations of distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures on a historical basis for each period presented (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net income to distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow: Net income 45,922 26,808 86,469 97,228 Depreciation and amortization 35,753 27,507 103,505 80,952 Amortization of deferred financing fees 1,872 1,423 5,576 4,134 Amortization of routine bank refinancing fees (1,193) (1,214) (3,580) (3,507) Maintenance capital expenditures (11,221) (12,295) (31,904) (35,450) Distributable cash flow (1)(2) 71,133 42,229 160,066 143,357 Loss (income) from equity method investments (3) 147 (1,180) 1,872 (2,384) Distributable cash flow from equity method investments (3) 359 2,213 (111) 1,941 Adjusted distributable cash flow (1) 71,639 43,262 161,827 142,914 Distributions to preferred unitholders (4) (1,781) (3,712) (7,794) (10,638) Adjusted distributable cash flow after distributions to preferred unitholders 69,858 39,550 154,033 132,276 Reconciliation of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities to distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 122,709 97,088 (35,647) 343,025 Net changes in operating assets and liabilities and certain non-cash items (41,034) (42,773) 225,621 (164,845) Amortization of deferred financing fees 1,872 1,423 5,576 4,134 Amortization of routine bank refinancing fees (1,193) (1,214) (3,580) (3,507) Maintenance capital expenditures (11,221) (12,295) (31,904) (35,450) Distributable cash flow (1)(2) 71,133 42,229 160,066 143,357 Loss (income) from equity method investments (3) 147 (1,180) 1,872 (2,384) Distributable cash flow from equity method investments (3) 359 2,213 (111) 1,941 Adjusted distributable cash flow (1) 71,639 43,262 161,827 142,914 Distributions to preferred unitholders (4) (1,781) (3,712) (7,794) (10,638) Adjusted distributable cash flow after distributions to preferred unitholders 69,858 39,550 154,033 132,276 

 (1) Distributable cash flow and adjusted distributable cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures which are discussed above under Evaluating Our Results of Operations. As defined by our partnership agreement, distributable cash flow is not adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as net losses on the sale and disposition of assets and goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges. (2) Distributable cash flow includes a net gain on sale and disposition of assets and long-lived asset impairment of 7.3 million and 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 10.1 million and 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Distributable cash flow also includes (loss) income from equity method investments of 0.1 million) and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 1.9 million) and 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). (3) Represents our proportionate share of (loss) income and distributable cash flow, as applicable, related to our interests in our equity method investments (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). (4) Distributions to preferred unitholders represent the distributions payable to the Series A preferred unitholders and the Series B preferred unitholders earned during the period. These distributions are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year . On April 15, 2024, all of the Series A Preferred Units were redeemed and are no longer outstanding (see 2024 Events ). Results of Operations Consolidated Sales Our total sales were 4.4 billion and 4.2 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 0.2 billion, or 5 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold, partially offset by a decrease in prices. Our aggregate volume of product sold was 1.7 billion gallons and 1.4 billion gallons for the three months 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, increasing 356 million gallons from the prior-year period (consisting of increases of 356 million gallons and 14 million gallons in our Wholesale and Commercial segments, respectively, offset by a decrease of 14 million gallons in our GDSO segment). The increase in our Wholesale segment sales includes the addition of 25 refined product terminals and related assets we acquired from Motiva Enterprises LLC Motiva in December 2023 which are located along the Atlantic Coast, in the Southeast and in Texas (the Motiva Terminal Facilities and four refined-product terminals we acquired from Gulf in April 2024 (the Gulf Terminals ). Our total sales were 12.9 billion and 12.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 0.8 billion, or 7 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold. Our aggregate volume of product sold was 4.9 billion gallons and 4.1 billion gallons for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, increasing 776 million gallons from the prior-year period (consisting of increases of 763 million gallons and 52 million gallons in our Wholesale and Commercial segments, respectively, offset by a decrease of 39 million gallons in our GDSO segment). The increase in our Wholesale segment sales includes the addition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and the Gulf Terminals. Gross Profit Our gross profit was 286.0 million and 228.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 57.5 million, or 25 . Our Wholesale segment product margins increased in the third quarter primarily due to the acquisitions of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and the Gulf Terminals and to more favorable market conditions. In our GDSO segment, our gasoline distribution product margin increased primarily due to higher fuel margins (cents per gallon), while our station operations product margin decreased due in part to the sales and conversions of certain company-operated sites. In our Commercial segment, our product margin increased in part due to more favorable market conditions in bunkering. The increase in gross profit was partially offset by an 8.7 million increase in depreciation allocated to cost of sales. Our gross profit was 789.1 million and 693.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 95.9 million, or 14 . Our Wholesale segment product margins increased primarily due to the acquisition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and to more favorable market conditions in gasoline, gasoline blendstocks and distillates, offset by less favorable market conditions in residual oil and crude oil. In our GDSO segment, our gasoline distribution product margin increased primarily due to higher fuel margins (cents per gallon), and our station operations product margin increased primarily due to increases in sundries and rental income. In our Commercial segment, our product margin decreased primarily due to less favorable market conditions. The increase in gross profit was partially offset by a 23.7 million increase in depreciation allocated to cost of sales. Results for Wholesale Segment Gasoline and Gasoline Blendstocks . Sales from wholesale gasoline and gasoline blendstocks were 1.8 billion and 1.6 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 0.2 billion, or 11 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold, partially offset by a decrease in prices. Our gasoline and gasoline blendstocks product margin was 43.0 million and 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 22.6 million, or 111 , primarily due to the acquisition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and to more favorable market conditions. Our product margin also benefitted from the acquisition of the Gulf Terminals. Sales from wholesale gasoline and gasoline blendstocks were 4.9 billion and 4.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 0.7 billion, or 17 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold. Our gasoline and gasoline blendstocks product margin was 143.2 million and 79.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 63.4 million, or 79 , primarily due to the acquisition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and to more favorable market conditions in the second and third quarters of 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. Distillates and Other Oils . Sales from distillates and other oils (primarily residual oil and crude oil) were 0.9 billion and 0.7 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, increasing 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 218.5 million, or 31 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold, partially offset by a decrease in prices. Our product margin from distillates and other oils was 28.1 million and 16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 11.3 million, or 67 , primarily due to more favorable market conditions in distillates and residual oil. Sales from distillates and other oils were 3.1 billion and 2.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, increasing 434.2 million, or 16 , primarily due to an increase in distillate volume sold partially offset by a decrease in residual oil volume sold. Our product margin from distillates and other oils was 69.2 million and 70.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1.0 million, or 1 , primarily due to less favorable market conditions in residual oil and crude oil, offset more favorable market conditions in distillates. Results for Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations Segment Gasoline Distribution . Sales from gasoline distribution were 1.2 billion and 1.4 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, decreasing 190.7 million, or 13 , primarily due to decreases in prices and in volume sold. Our product margin from gasoline distribution was 164.1 million and 132.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 32.1 million, or 24 , primarily due to higher fuel margins (cents per gallon). Sales from gasoline distribution were 3.7 billion and 4.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, decreasing 313.1 million, or 8 , primarily due to a decrease in volume sold. Our product margin from gasoline distribution was 433.1 million and 380.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 52.4 million, or 14 , primarily due to higher fuel margins (cents per gallon). Station Operations . Our station operations, which include (i) convenience store and prepared food sales at our directly operated stores, (ii) rental income from gasoline stations leased to dealers or from commissioned agents and from cobranding arrangements and (iii) sale of sundries, such as car wash sales and lottery and ATM commissions, collectively generated revenues of 150.9 million and 156.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 5.8 million, or 4 . Our product margin from station operations was 73.6 million and 74.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 0.9 million, or 1 . The decreases in sales and product margin are due in part to the sales and conversions of certain company-operated sites. Sales from our station operations were 430.6 million and 431.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1.3 million, primarily due to the sales and conversions of certain company-operated sites, offset by increases in sundries and rental income. Our product margin from station operations was 213.8 million and 208.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 5.4 million, or 3 , due primarily to increases in sundries and rental income. Results for Commercial Segment Our commercial sales were 277.1 million and 273.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 3.3 million or 1 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold, partially offset by a decrease in prices. Our commercial product margin was 9.5 million and 8.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 1.1 million, or 13 , in part due to more favorable market conditions in bunkering. Our commercial sales were 836.7 million and 758.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 78.5 million or 10 , primarily due to an increase in volume sold. Our commercial product margin was 22.7 million and 23.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 0.6 million, or 3 , primarily due to less favorable market conditions in the first half of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses SG A expenses were 70.5 million and 63.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 7.0 million, or 11 , including increases of 7.6 million in long-term accrued discretionary incentive compensation, 4.7 million in wages and benefits and 1.5 million in various other SG A expenses. The increase in SG A expenses was offset by decreases of 3.8 million in expenses associated with the sale of the Revere Terminal (see Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and 3.0 million in acquisition costs. SG A expenses were 212.6 million and 192.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 20.2 million, or 10 , including increases of 11.7 million in long-term accrued discretionary incentive compensation, 8.6 million in wages and benefits, 2.7 million in professional fees and 0.5 million in various other SG A expenses. The increase in SG A expenses was offset by a decrease of 3.3 million in expenses associated with the sale of the Revere Terminal (see Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Operating Expenses Operating expenses were 137.1 million and 115.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 21.2 million, or 18 , including increases of 21.0 million in operating expenses associated with our terminals operations, largely related to the acquisitions of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and the Gulf Terminals, and 0.2 million in operating expenses related to our GDSO operations. Operating expenses were 387.2 million and 334.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 52.5 million, or 16 , including increases of 50.1 million in operating expenses associated with our terminals operations, largely related to the acquisitions of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and, to a lesser extent, the Gulf Terminals, and 2.4 million in operating expenses related to our GDSO operations. Amortization Expense Amortization expense related to intangible assets was 2.3 million and 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 6.1 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Net Gain on Sale and Disposition of Assets Net gain on sale and disposition of assets was 7.8 million and 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 10.6 million and 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to the sale of GDSO sites. Long-Lived Asset Impairment We recognized impairment charges relating to certain right of use assets and construction in process assets allocated to the GDSO segment in the total amount of 0.5 million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. No impairment charges were recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. (Loss) income from Equity Method Investments (Loss) income from equity method investments was 0.1 million) and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 1.9 million) and 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing our proportional share of loss (income) from our equity method investments in our joint ventures with SPR and Everett. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on our equity method investments. 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense Interest expense was 35.1 million and 21.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 14.0 million, or 66 , primarily due to interest expense related the 2032 Notes issued in January 2024 used to facilitate the acquisition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities and to higher average balances on our credit facilities as a result of the acquisition of the Gulf Terminals. Interest expense was 100.3 million and 64.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 35.4 million, or 54 , primarily due to interest expense related the 2032 Notes issued in January 2024 used to facilitate the acquisition of the Motiva Terminal Facilities, higher average balances on our credit facilities as a result of the acquisition of the Gulf Terminals and a 1.4 million write-off of deferred financing fees associated with the accordion exercise and reallocation in February 2024. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense was 2.3 million and 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 4.5 million and 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which predominantly reflects the income tax expense from the operating results of GMG, which is a taxable entity for federal and state income tax purposes. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Our primary liquidity needs are to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and distributions and to service our indebtedness. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, amounts available under our working capital revolving credit facility and equity and debt offerings. Please read Credit Agreement for more information on our working capital revolving credit facility. Working capital was 141.6 million and 115.0 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, an increase of 26.6 million. Changes in current assets and current liabilities increasing our working capital primarily include, in part, an increase of 102.2 million in inventories, in part due to the inventory acquired from Gulf Oil, and a decrease of 194.2 million in accounts payable. The increase in working capital was offset by an increase of 202.4 million in the current portion of our working capital revolving credit facility and a decrease of 79.9 million in accounts receivable. Cash Distributions Common Units During 2024, we paid the following cash distributions to our common unitholders and our general partner: 

Distribution Paid for the Cash Distribution Payment Date Total Paid Quarterly Period Ended February 14, 2024 26.8 million Fourth quarter 2023 May 15, 2024 27.5 million First quarter 2024 August 14, 2024 28.2 million Second quarter 2024 In addition, on October 23, 2024, the board of directors of our general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.7300 per unit 2.92 per unit on an annualized basis) on our common units for the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 to our common unitholders of record as of the close of business on November 8, 2024. We expect to pay the total cash distribution of approximately 28.8 million on November 14, 2024. 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 Preferred Units During 2024, we paid the following cash distributions to holders of the Series A Preferred Units: 

Cash Distribution Series A Preferred Units Distribution Paid for the Payment Date Total Paid Rate Quarterly Period Covering February 15, 2024 2.1 million 12.42 11/15/23 - 2/14/24 On April 15, 2024, we redeemed all of our outstanding Series A Preferred Units at a redemption price of 25.00 per unit, plus a 0.514275 per unit cash distribution for the period from February 15, 2024 through April 14, 2024, for a total amount of 70.4 million. Effective April 15, 2024, the Series A Preferred Units are no longer outstanding. During 2024, we paid the following cash distributions to holders of the Series B Preferred Units: 

Cash Distribution Series B Preferred Units Distribution Paid for the Payment Date Total Paid Rate Quarterly Period Covering February 15, 2024 1.8 million 9.50 11/15/23 - 2/14/24 May 15, 2024 1.8 million 9.50 2/15/24 - 5/14/24 August 15, 2024 1.8 million 9.50 5/15/24 - 8/14/24 In addition, on October 15, 2024, the board of directors of our general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.59375 per unit 2.375 per unit on an annualized basis) on the Series B Preferred Units for the period from August 15, 2024 through November 14, 2024 to our Series B preferred unitholders of record as of the opening of business on November 1, 2024. We expect to pay the total cash distribution of approximately 1.8 million on November 15, 2024. Contractual Obligations We have contractual obligations that are required to be settled in cash. The amounts of our contractual obligations at September 30, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period Remainder of Contractual Obligations 2024 Beyond 2024 Total Credit facility obligations (1) 62,285 369,780 432,065 Senior notes obligations (2) 1,670,721 1,670,721 Operating lease obligations (3) 22,249 369,284 391,533 Other long-term liabilities (4) 3,203 52,153 55,356 Financing obligations (5) 4,077 84,479 88,556 Total 91,814 2,546,417 2,638,231 

 (1) Includes principal and interest on our working capital revolving credit facility and our revolving credit facility at September 30, 2024 and assumes a ratable payment through the expiration date. Our credit agreement has a contractual maturity of May 2, 2026 and no principal payments are required prior to that date. However, we repay amounts outstanding and reborrow funds based on our working capital requirements. Therefore, the current portion of the working capital revolving credit facility included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is the amount we expect to pay down during the course of the year, and the long-term portion of the working capital revolving credit facility is the amount we expect to be outstanding during the entire year. Please read Credit Agreement for more information on our working capital revolving credit facility. (2) Includes principal and interest on our 7.00 senior notes due 2027, 6.875 senior notes due 2029 and 8.25 senior notes due 2032. No principal payments are required prior to maturity. See Senior Notes for more information. (3) Includes operating lease obligations related to leases for office space and computer equipment, land, gasoline stations, railcars and barges. (4) Includes amounts related to our brand fee agreement, amounts related to our access right agreements and our pension and deferred compensation obligations. 

 55 

Table of Contents 
 (5) Includes lease rental payments in connection with (i) the acquisition of Capitol Petroleum Group Capitol related to properties previously sold by Capitol within two sale-leaseback transactions; and (ii) the sale of real property assets and convenience stores. See Financing Obligations for additional information. Capital Expenditures Our operations require investments to maintain, expand, upgrade and enhance existing operations and to meet environmental and operational regulations. We categorize our capital requirements as either maintenance capital expenditures or expansion capital expenditures. Maintenance capital expenditures represent capital expenditures to repair or replace partially or fully depreciated assets to maintain the operating capacity of, or revenues generated by, existing assets and extend their useful lives. Maintenance capital expenditures also include expenditures required to maintain equipment reliability, tank and pipeline integrity and safety and to address certain environmental regulations. We anticipate that maintenance capital expenditures will be funded with cash generated by operations. We had approximately 31.9 million and 35.4 million in maintenance capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in capital expenditures in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows, of which approximately 25.4 million and 32.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are related to our investments in our gasoline station business. Repair and maintenance expenses associated with existing assets that are minor in nature and do not extend the useful life of existing assets are charged to operating expenses as incurred. Expansion capital expenditures include expenditures to acquire assets to grow our businesses or expand our existing facilities, such as projects that increase our operating capacity or revenues by, for example, increasing dock capacity and tankage, diversifying product availability, investing in raze and rebuilds and new-to-industry gasoline stations and convenience stores, increasing storage flexibility at various terminals and by adding terminals to our storage network. We have the ability to fund our expansion capital expenditures through cash from operations or our credit agreement or by issuing debt securities or additional equity. We had approximately 24.6 million and 19.3 million in expansion capital expenditures, excluding acquired property and equipment, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to investments in our gasoline station and terminal businesses. We currently expect maintenance capital expenditures of approximately 50.0 million to 60.0 million and expansion capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, of approximately 40.0 million to 50.0 million in 2024, relating primarily to investments in our gasoline station and terminal businesses. These current estimates depend, in part, on the timing of completion of projects, availability of equipment and workforce, weather and unanticipated events or opportunities requiring additional maintenance or investments. We believe that we will have sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowing capacity under our credit agreement and the ability to issue additional equity and/or debt securities to meet our financial commitments, debt service obligations, contingencies and anticipated capital expenditures. However, we are subject to business and operational risks that could adversely affect our cash flow. A material decrease in our cash flows would likely have an adverse effect on our borrowing capacity as well as our ability to issue additional equity and/or debt securities. Cash Flow The following table summarizes cash flow activity (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (35,647) 343,025 Net cash used in investing activities (230,369) (121,807) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 266,941 (213,960) 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Activities Cash flow from operating activities generally reflects our net income, balance sheet changes arising from inventory purchasing patterns, the timing of collections on our accounts receivable, the seasonality of parts of our businesses, fluctuations in product prices, working capital requirements and general market conditions. Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities was 35.6 million) and 343.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for a period-over-period decrease in cash flow from operating activities of 378.6 million. Except for net income, the primary drivers of the changes in operating activities include the following (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 79,850 (43,284) (Increase) decrease in inventories (105,314) 175,268 (Decrease) increase in accounts payable (194,239) 27,288 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decreases in accounts receivable and accounts payable are due in part to timing of sales and payments and to a decrease in prices. The increase in inventories is due in part to the inventory acquired from Gulf Oil, partially offset by a decrease in prices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the increases in accounts receivable and accounts payable are due in part due to timing of sales and payments, offset by a decrease in prices. The decrease in inventories is primarily due to the decrease in prices. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 230.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and included 215.0 million related to the acquisition of the Gulf Terminals, 56.5 million in capital expenditures, 13.9 million in expenditures associated with our equity method investments (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and 7.9 million in seller note issuances which represent notes we received from buyers in connection with the sale of certain of our gasoline stations. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was offset by 46.0 million in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment and 16.9 million in dividends received of equity method investments. Net cash used in investing activities was 121.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and included 69.5 million in expenditures associated with our equity method investment in SPR (see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), 35.4 million in maintenance capital expenditures, 19.3 million in expansion capital expenditures, 8.1 million in seller note issuances and 1.5 million in an immaterial acquisition. Net cash used in investing activities was offset by 12.0 million in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. Please read Capital Expenditures for a discussion of our capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 266.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and included 441.3 million in proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2032 Notes and 202.4 million in net borrowings from our working capital revolving credit facility. Net cash provided by financing activities was offset by 203.0 million in net payments on our revolving credit facility, 91.2 million in cash distributions to our limited partners (preferred and common unitholders) and our general partner, 69.0 million in cash paid in connection with the redemption of the Series A Preferred Units (see Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), 11.2 million in 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 the repurchase of common units pursuant to our repurchase program for future satisfaction of our LTIP obligations, 1.8 million in LTIP units withheld for tax obligations and 0.6 million paid pursuant to distribution equivalent rights previously granted under our LTIP. Net cash used in financing activities was 213.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and included 114.9 million in cash distributions to our limited partners (preferred and common unitholders) and our general partner, 87.7 million and 10.0 million in net payments on our working capital revolving credit facility and our revolving credit facility, respectively, 0.7 million in the repurchase of common units pursuant to our repurchase program for future satisfaction of our LTIP obligations, 0.5 million in LTIP units withheld for tax obligations and 0.1 million paid pursuant to distribution equivalent rights previously granted under our LTIP. See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for supplemental cash flow information related to our working capital revolving credit facility and revolving credit facility. Credit Agreement Certain subsidiaries of ours, as borrowers, and we and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, have a 1.55 billion senior secured credit facility. We repay amounts outstanding and reborrow funds based on our working capital requirements and, therefore, classify as a current liability the portion of the working capital revolving credit facility we expect to pay down during the course of the year. The long-term portion of the working capital revolving credit facility is the amount we expect to be outstanding during the entire year. The credit agreement expires on May 2, 2026. On February 5, 2024, we and the lenders under our credit agreement agreed, pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement, to (i) a reallocation of 300.0 million of the revolving credit facility to the working capital revolving credit facility and (ii) reduce the accordion feature from 200.0 million to 0, effective February 8, 2024. This reallocation and accordion reduction return our credit facilities to the terms in place prior to the reallocation and accordion exercise previously agreed to by us and the lenders on December 7, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there were two facilities under the credit agreement: a working capital revolving credit facility to be used for working capital purposes and letters of credit in the principal amount equal to the lesser of our borrowing base and 950.0 million; and a 600.0 million revolving credit facility to be used for general corporate purposes. Availability under the working capital revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base which is redetermined from time to time and based on specific advance rates on eligible current assets. Availability under the borrowing base may be affected by events beyond our control, such as changes in petroleum product prices, collection cycles, counterparty performance, advance rates and limits and general economic conditions. The average interest rates for the credit agreement were 7.6 and 7.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 7.6 and 7.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had 219.2 million borrowings outstanding on the working capital revolving credit facility and 177.0 million outstanding on the revolving credit facility. In addition, we had outstanding letters of credit of 68.2 million. Subject to borrowing base limitations, the total remaining availability for borrowings and letters of credit was 1.09 billion and 1.13 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The credit agreement imposes financial covenants that require us to maintain certain minimum working capital amounts, a minimum combined interest coverage ratio, a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a maximum total leverage ratio. We were in compliance with the foregoing covenants at September 30, 2024. 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 Please read Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Credit Agreement in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on the credit agreement. Senior Notes We had 7.00 senior notes due 2027 and 6.875 senior notes due 2029 outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We also had 8.250 senior notes due 2032 outstanding at September 30, 2024. On January 18, 2024, we and GLP Finance Corp. (the Issuers issued 450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.250 senior notes due 2032 to several initial purchasers in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the private placement of the 2032 Notes, the Issuers and the subsidiary guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee, entered into an indenture as may be supplemented from time to time (the 2032 Notes Indenture ). The 2032 Notes mature on January 15, 2032 with interest accruing at a rate of 8.250 per annum. Interest was payable beginning July 15, 2024 and thereafter semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The 2032 Notes are guaranteed on a joint and several senior unsecured basis by each of the Issuers and the subsidiary guarantors to the extent set forth in the 2032 Notes Indenture. Upon a continuing event of default, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the 2032 Notes may declare the 2032 Notes immediately due and payable, except that an event of default resulting from entry into a bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Issuers, any restricted subsidiary of ours that is a significant subsidiary or any group of our restricted subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a significant subsidiary of ours, will automatically cause the 2032 Notes to become due and payable. The Issuers will have the option to redeem up to 35 of the 2032 Notes prior to January 15, 2027 at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) of 108.250 plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The Issuers will have the option to redeem the 2032 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after January 15, 2027, at the redemption prices of 104.125 for the twelve-month period beginning January 15, 2027, 102.063 for the twelve-month period beginning January 15, 2028, and 100 beginning on January 15, 2029 and at any time thereafter, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. In addition, before January 15, 2027, the Issuers may redeem all or any part of the 2032 Notes at a redemption price equal to the sum of the principal amount thereof, plus a make whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The holders of the 2032 Notes may require the Issuers to repurchase the 2032 Notes following certain asset sales or a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the 2032 Notes Indenture) at the prices and on the terms specified in the 2032 Notes Indenture. The 2032 Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and issue preferred securities, make certain dividends and distributions, make certain investments and other restricted payments, restrict distributions by our subsidiaries, create liens, sell assets or merge with other entities. Events of default under the 2032 Notes Indenture include (i) a default in payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, the 2032 Notes, (ii) breach of our covenants under the 2032 Notes Indenture, (iii) certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, (iv) any payment default or acceleration of indebtedness of our or certain subsidiaries if the total amount of such indebtedness unpaid or accelerated exceeds 50.0 million and (v) failure to pay within 60 days uninsured final judgments exceeding 50.0 million. Please read Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Senior Notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information. 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 Financing Obligations We had financing obligations outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 associated with historical sale-leaseback transactions that did not meet the criteria for sale accounting. Please read Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Obligations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The significant accounting policies and estimates that we have adopted and followed in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are detailed in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes in our policies that had a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the periods covered in this report. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there has been no material change to our critical accounting estimates discussed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Recent Accounting Pronouncements A description and related impact expected from the adoption of certain new accounting pronouncements is provided in Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. The principal market risks to which we are exposed are interest rate risk and commodity risk. We currently utilize various derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity risk. Interest Rate Risk We utilize variable rate debt and are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates on our credit agreement. Therefore, from time to time, we utilize interest rate collars, swaps and caps to hedge interest obligations on specific and anticipated debt issuances. As of September 30, 2024, we had total borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement of 396.2 million. Please read Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Agreement, for information on interest rates related to our borrowings. The impact of a 1 increase in the interest rate on this amount of debt would have resulted in an increase in interest expense, and a corresponding decrease in our results of operations, of approximately 4.0 million annually, assuming, however, that our indebtedness remained constant throughout the year. Commodity Risk We hedge our exposure to price fluctuations with respect to refined petroleum products, renewable fuels, crude oil and gasoline blendstocks in storage and expected purchases and sales of these commodities. The derivative instruments utilized consist primarily of exchange-traded futures contracts traded on the NYMEX, CME and ICE and over-the- 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 counter transactions, including swap agreements entered into with established financial institutions and other credit-approved energy companies. Our policy is generally to purchase only products for which we have a market and to structure our sales contracts so that price fluctuations do not materially affect our profit. While our policies are designed to minimize market risk, as well as inherent basis risk, exposure to fluctuations in market conditions remains. Except for the controlled trading program discussed below, we do not acquire and hold futures contracts or other derivative products for the purpose of speculating on price changes that might expose us to indeterminable losses. While we seek to maintain a position that is substantially balanced within our commodity product purchase and sales activities, we may experience net unbalanced positions for short periods of time as a result of variances in daily purchases and sales and transportation and delivery schedules as well as other logistical issues inherent in our businesses, such as weather conditions. In connection with managing these positions, we are aided by maintaining a constant presence in the marketplace. We also engage in a controlled trading program for up to an aggregate of 250,000 barrels of commodity products at any one point in time. Changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations through cost of sales. In addition, because a portion of our crude oil business may be conducted in Canadian dollars, we may use foreign currency derivatives to minimize the risks of unfavorable exchange rates. These instruments may include foreign currency exchange contracts and forwards. In conjunction with entering into the commodity derivative, we may enter into a foreign currency derivative to hedge the resulting foreign currency risk. These foreign currency derivatives are generally short-term in nature and not designated for hedge accounting. We utilize exchange-traded futures contracts and other derivative instruments to minimize or hedge the impact of commodity price changes on our inventories and forward fixed price commitments. Any hedge ineffectiveness is reflected in our results of operations. We utilize regulated exchanges, including the NYMEX, CME and ICE, which are exchanges for the respective commodities that each trades, thereby reducing potential delivery and supply risks. Generally, our practice is to close all exchange positions rather than to make or receive physical deliveries. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of all of our commodity risk derivative instruments and the change in fair value that would be expected from a 10 price increase or decrease are shown in the table below (in thousands): 

Fair Value at Gain (Loss) September 30, Effect of 10 Effect of 10 2024 Price Increase Price Decrease Exchange traded derivative contracts 25,113 (32,464) 32,464 Forward derivative contracts 22,972 (13,811) 13,811 Total 48,085 (46,275) 46,275 The fair values of the futures contracts are based on quoted market prices obtained from the NYMEX, CME and ICE. The fair value of the swaps and option contracts are estimated based on quoted prices from various sources such as independent reporting services, industry publications and brokers. These quotes are compared to the contract price of the swap, which approximates the gain or loss that would have been realized if the contracts had been closed out at September 30, 2024. For positions where independent quotations are not available, an estimate is provided, or the prevailing market price at which the positions could be liquidated is used. All hedge positions offset physical exposures to the physical market; none of these offsetting physical exposures are included in the above table. Price-risk sensitivities were calculated by assuming an across-the-board 10 increase or decrease in price regardless of term or historical relationships between the contractual price of the instruments and the underlying commodity price. In the event of an actual 10 change in prompt month prices, the fair value of our derivative portfolio would typically change less than that shown in the table due to lower volatility in out-month prices. We have a daily margin requirement to maintain a cash deposit with our brokers based on the prior day s market results on open futures contracts. The balance of this deposit will fluctuate based on our open market positions and the commodity exchange s requirements. The brokerage margin balance was 18.5 million at September 30, 2024. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our exchange-traded derivative contracts, physical forward contracts, and swap agreements. We anticipate some nonperformance by some of these counterparties which, in the aggregate, we do not believe at this time will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Exchange-traded derivative 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 contracts, the primary derivative instrument utilized by us, are traded on regulated exchanges, greatly reducing potential credit risks. We utilize major financial institutions as our clearing brokers for all NYMEX, CME and ICE derivative transactions and the right of offset exists with these financial institutions. Accordingly, the fair value of our exchange-traded derivative instruments is presented on a net basis in the consolidated balance sheet. Exposure on physical forward contracts and swap agreements is limited to the amount of the recorded fair value as of the balance sheet dates. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were operating and effective as of September 30, 2024. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The information required by this item is included in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Maximum Number (or Total Number of Approximate Dollar Units Purchased as Value) of Units That May Total Number Average Part of Publicly Yet Be Purchased Of Units Price Paid Announced Plans or Under the Plans or Period Purchased Per Unit( Programs (1) Programs (1) July 1 July 31, 2024 August 1 August 31, 2024 26,200 43.09 764,987 September 1 September 30, 2024 49,126 43.19 715,861 (1) In May 2009, the board of directors of our general partner authorized the repurchase of our common units for the purpose of meeting our general partner s anticipated obligations to deliver common units under the Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP and meeting the general partner s obligations under existing employment agreements and other employment related obligations of the general partner. Since the repurchase program was implemented and through September 30, 2024 , our general partner repurchased 1,471,566 common units pursuant to this repurchase program. As of November 7, 2024 , our general partner is authorized to acquire up to an additional 715,861 of our common units in the aggregate over an extended period of time, consistent with the general partner s obligations under the LTIP and employment agreements. Common units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, including block purchases, or in privately negotiated transactions. Such authorized unit repurchases may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time, and are subject to price, economic and market conditions, applicable legal requirements and available liquidity. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2024, or officer of the Partnership or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits 

3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Global Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 10, 2005). 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Global Partners LP dated as of March 24, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2021). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of July 31, 2019, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019). 

 63 

Table of Contents 

4.2 Indenture, dated October 7, 2020, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2020). 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on December 16, 2020). 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Regions Bank, as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on December 16, 2020). 4.5 Indenture, dated January 18, 2024, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2024). 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. 

 64 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GLOBAL PARTNERS LP By: Global GP LLC, its general partner Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Eric Slifka Eric Slifka President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory B. Hanson Gregory B. Hanson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 65 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 glp-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Eric Slifka, President and Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, the general partner of Global Partners LP, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Partners LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Eric Slifka Eric Slifka President and Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 glp-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Gregory B. Hanson, Chief Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, the general partner of Global Partners LP, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Partners LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory B. Hanson Gregory B. Hanson Chief Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 glp-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF GLOBAL PARTNERS LP PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Partners LP (the Partnership and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Slifka, President and Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Eric Slifka Eric Slifka President and Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 glp-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF GLOBAL PARTNERS LP PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Partners LP (the Partnership and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory B. Hanson, Chief Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory B. Hanson Gregory B. Hanson Chief Financial Officer of Global GP LLC, general partner of Global Partners LP 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 glp-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 glp-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 glp-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 glp-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

