<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_92521_0000092521-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5752344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61140</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1087501</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2034605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1383798</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1057721</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092521-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031151052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092521-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				750575400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NM
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03789
		FILM NUMBER:		241414845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SPS TOWER
		STREET 2:		TYLER AT SIXTH ST
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035717511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1261
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092521-24-000016.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 sps-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sps-20240930 

14 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended Sept. 30, 2024 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 Southwestern Public Service Company (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 31, 2024 Common Stock, 1.00 par value shares 
 Southwestern Public Service Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format specified in General Instruction H(2) to such Form 10-Q. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Statements of Income 
 4 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity 
 7 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 17 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 17 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 18 
 SIGNATURES 
 19 

This Form 10-Q is filed by SPS, a New Mexico corporation. SPS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 

Table of Contents 

 Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries Federal and State Regulatory Agencies EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission NMPRC New Mexico Public Regulation Commission 
 PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Other ASU Accounting standards update CEO Chief executive officer CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act 
 CFO Chief financial officer CPCN Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity ETR Effective tax rate FTR Financial transmission right GAAP United States generally accepted accounting principles IPP Independent power producing entity IRP Integrated Resource Plan MGP Manufactured Gas Plant NOx Nitrogen Oxides O M Operating and maintenance OATT Open access transmission tariff PFAS Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
 PPA Power purchase agreement PTC Production tax credit RFP Request for proposal ROE Return on equity RTO Regional Transmission Organization SPP Southwest Power Pool, Inc. VIE Variable interest entity Measurements MW Megawatts 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, expected pension contributions, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of legal proceeding outcomes, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed in SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2023 and subsequent filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee workforce and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of SPS to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cybersecurity threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties and wildfire damages in excess of liability insurance coverage; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Operating and maintenance expenses Demand side management expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges and other financing costs Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income See Notes to Financial Statements 

4 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Accrued unbilled revenues ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepayments and other ) Accounts payable ) Net regulatory assets and liabilities Other current liabilities Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Utility capital/construction expenditures ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repayments of short-term borrowings, net ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) Capital contributions from parent Repayment of long-term debt ) Dividends paid to parent ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) Cash received (paid) for income taxes, net; includes proceeds from tax credit transfers ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepaid taxes Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Regulatory assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term debt Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capitalization Long-term debt Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contributions of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contributions of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) Net income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contributions of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at Dec. 31, 2023 ) Net income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contributions of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) See Notes to Financial Statements 

7 

Table of Contents 

 SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
 Notes to Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

Less allowance for bad debts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Fuel Total inventories 
 (Millions of Dollars) Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Property, plant and equipment, net Electric plant Plant to be retired (a) 
 CWIP Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (a) 
 
 4. Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A 

8 

Table of Contents 

Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A 
 Letters of Credit SPS uses letters of credit, generally with terms of , to provide financial guarantees for certain obligations. At both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there w e re letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. Amounts approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
 Revolving Credit Facility In order to issue its commercial paper, SPS must have a revolving credit facility equal to or greater than the commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper exceeding available capacity under this credit facility. The credit facility provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
 SPS has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for additional one-year periods. All extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval. 
 
 (a) . 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. SPS had direct advances on the credit facility outstanding as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023. 
 Long-Term Borrowings 
 million of First Mortgage Bonds due June 1, 2054. 

5. Revenues 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential Commercial and Industrial (a) 
 Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 (a) of total revenues. 

State tax (net of federal tax effect) (Decreases) increases: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) Amortization of excess nonplant deferred taxes Other, net ) Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 (a) 

9 

Table of Contents 

 7. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 

unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading SPS conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy and energy-related instruments, including derivatives. SPS is allowed to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, comprised of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy. 
 Results of derivative instrument transactions entered into for trading purposes are presented in the statements of income as electric revenues, net of any sharing with customers. These activities are not intended to mitigate commodity price risk associated with regulated electric operations. Sharing of these margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC-approved joint operating agreement. 
 Commodity Derivatives SPS enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric utility operations. This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products and FTRs. 
 The most significant derivative positions outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 for this purpose relate to FTR instruments administered by SPP. These instruments are intended to offset the impacts of transmission system congestion. 
 When SPS enters into derivative instruments that mitigate commodity price risk on behalf of electric customers, the instruments are not typically designated as qualifying hedging transactions. The classification of unrealized losses or gains on these instruments as a regulatory asset or liability, if applicable, is based on approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, SPS had commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Gross notional amounts of FTRs: 
 
 (a) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations SPS continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement, and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the balance sheets. 
 SPS most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 of the most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings. 
 of the most significant counterparties, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, were not rated by external ratings agencies, but based on SPS internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. 
 of these counterparties, comprising million, or of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. of these counterparties are municipal or cooperative electric entities, RTOs or other utilities. 
 Recurring Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 Impact of derivative activity: 
 Total Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity Total Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity ) Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity ) Total ) 
 (a) 
 Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity ) (a) 
 Total ) Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity (a) 
 Total Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity (a) 
 Total 
 (a) 

SPS had derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows: 
 Total current derivative assets PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments Current derivative liabilities PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments 
 (a) obligations to return cash collateral or rights to reclaim cash collateral. 
 (b) 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases (a) 
 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: Net gains (losses) recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) Balance at Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Balance at Jan. 1 Purchases (a) 
 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: Net gains (losses) recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) Balance at Sept. 30 
 (a) 

Fair value of SPS long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities. Fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, and given the observability of the inputs, fair values presented for long-term debt were assigned as Level 2. 
 
 8. Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Net periodic benefit credit ) ) Effects of regulation Net benefit credit recognized for financial reporting ) 

Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Net periodic benefit cost ) ) Effects of regulation ) Net benefit credit recognized for financial reporting ) 
 (a) 
 million were made across Xcel Energy s pension plans, million of which was attributable to SPS. Xcel Energy does not expect additional pension contributions during 2024. 
 
 9. Commitments and Contingencies 

12 

Table of Contents 

 complaints, most of which have also named Xcel Energy Services Inc. as an additional defendant, relating to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex, including one putative class action on behalf of persons or entities who owned rangelands or pastures that were damaged by the fire. The complaints generally allege that SPS equipment ignited the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex and seek compensation for losses resulting from the fire, asserting various causes of action under Texas law. In addition to seeking compensatory damages, certain of the complaints also seek exemplary damages. SPS has also received approximately claims for losses related to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex through its claims process and has reached final settlements on of those claims. In addition to filed complaints and claims made through SPS claims process, SPS has also received information from attorneys for claims related to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex which have not been submitted through the claims process and have also not been filed as lawsuits. SPS anticipates additional complaints and demands will be made. In July 2024, SPS reached a settlement of a complaint related to one of the two fatalities believed to be associated with the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex. 
 Texas law does not apply strict liability in determining an electric utility company s liability for fire-related damages. For negligence claims under Texas law, a public utility has a duty to exercise ordinary and reasonable care. 
 Potential liabilities related to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex depend on various factors, including the cause of the equipment failure and the extent and magnitude of potential damages, including damages to residential and commercial structures, personal property, vegetation, livestock and livestock feed (including replacement feed), personal injuries and any other damages, penalties, fines or restitution that may be imposed by courts or other governmental entities if SPS is found to have been negligent. 
 Based on the current state of the law and the facts and circumstances available as of the date of this filing, Xcel Energy believes it is probable that it will incur a loss in connection with the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex and accordingly has accrued a million estimated loss for the matter (before available insurance), presented in other current liabilities as of Sept. 30, 2024. 
 The aggregate liability of million for claims in connection with the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex (before available insurance) corresponds to the lower end of the range of Xcel Energy s reasonably estimable range of losses, and is subject to change based on additional information. This million estimate does not include, among other things, amounts for (i) potential penalties or fines that may be imposed by governmental entities on Xcel Energy, (ii) exemplary or punitive damages, (iii) compensation claims by federal, state, county and local government entities or agencies, (iv) compensation claims for damage to trees, railroad lines, or oil and gas equipment, or (v) other amounts that are not reasonably estimable. 
 Xcel Energy remains unable to reasonably estimate any additional loss or the upper end of the range because there are a number of unknown facts and legal considerations that may impact the amount of any potential liability. In the event that SPS or Xcel Energy Services Inc. was found liable related to the litigation related to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex and was required to pay damages, such amounts could exceed our insurance coverage of approximately million for the annual policy period and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The process for estimating losses associated with potential claims related to the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including the factors identified above and estimates based on currently available information and prior experience with wildfires. As more information becomes available, management estimates and assumptions regarding the potential financial impact of the Smokehouse Creek Fire Complex may change. 
 SPS records insurance recoveries when it is deemed probable that recovery will occur, and SPS can reasonably estimate the amount or range. SPS has recorded an insurance receivable for million, presented within prepayments and other current assets as of Sept. 30, 2024. While SPS plans to seek recovery of all insured losses, it is unable to predict the ultimate amount and timing of such insurance recoveries. 
 Rate Matters and Other 
 SPS is involved in various regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Until resolution, typically in the form of a rate order, uncertainties may exist regarding the ultimate rate treatment for certain activities and transactions. Amounts have been recognized for probable and reasonably estimable losses that may result. Unless otherwise disclosed, any reasonably possible range of loss in excess of any recognized amount is not expected to have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 SPP OATT Upgrade Costs Costs of transmission upgrades may be recovered from other SPP customers whose transmission service depends on capacity enabled by the upgrade under the SPP OATT. SPP had not been charging its customers for these upgrades, even though the SPP OATT had allowed SPP to do so since 2008. In 2016, the FERC granted SPP s request to recover these previously unbilled charges and SPP subsequently billed SPS approximately million. 
 In 2018, SPS appeal to the D.C. Circuit over the FERC rulings granting SPP the right to recover previously unbilled charges was remanded to the FERC. In 2019, the FERC reversed its 2016 decision and ordered SPP to refund charges retroactively collected from its transmission customers, including SPS, related to periods before September 2015. In 2020, SPP and Oklahoma Gas Electric separately filed petitions for review of the FERC s orders at the D.C. Circuit. In 2021, the D.C. Circuit issued a decision denying these appeals and upholding the FERC s orders. 
 In September 2024, the Eighth Circuit issued an additional decision reaffirming FERC s decision to order refunds. The total impact of refunds and resettlements at SPS, and whether the amount will be a net credit or debit, is unknown at this time. Any refunds received by SPS are expected to be given back to SPS customers through future rates. 
 Environmental 
 New and changing federal and state environmental mandates can create financial obligations for SPS, which are normally recovered through the regulated rate process. 
 Site Remediation 
 Various federal and state environmental laws impose liability where hazardous substances or other regulated materials have been released to the environment. SPS may sometimes pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where past activities of their predecessors or other parties have caused environmental contamination. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 historical MGP, landfill or other disposal sites across its service territories, in addition to sites that are being addressed under current coal ash regulations (see below). 
 SPS has recognized its best estimate of costs/liabilities for resolution of these issues; however, the final outcomes and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be regulatory recovery, insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 
 Water and Waste 
 Coal Ash Regulation SPS is subject to the CCR Rule, which imposes requirements for handling, storage, treatment and disposal of coal ash and other solid waste. 
 In May 2024, final amendments to the CCR Rule were published, widening its scope to include legacy CCR surface impoundments at inactive facilities and previously exempt areas where CCR was placed directly on land at CCR-regulated facilities, including areas of beneficial use. 
 As a requirement of the CCR Rule, utilities must complete facility evaluations and groundwater sampling around their subject landfills, surface impoundments and certain other areas where coal ash was placed on land. 
 If certain impacts to groundwater are detected, utilities may be required to perform additional groundwater investigations and/or perform corrective actions, typically beginning with an Assessment of Corrective Measures. 
 SPS expects to incur million for investigations through 2028 to perform required reporting and assess whether corrective actions are necessary. Asset retirement obligations have been recorded for each of these activities, and amounts are expected to be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 SPS continues to evaluate the 2024 updates to the CCR rule, the interpretations of those updates and how they will apply to specific sites. Assessment of the recent updates to the CCR Rule and corresponding site investigation activities may result in updates to estimated costs as well as identification of additional required corrective actions. 
 Air 
 Clean Air Act NOx Allowance Allocations In June 2023, the EPA published final regulations for ozone under the Good Neighbor provisions of the Clean Air Act. The final rule applies to generation facilities in Texas, as well as other states outside of our service territory. In February 2024, the EPA proposed to include New Mexico in the rule. The rule establishes an allowance trading program for NOx that will impact SPS fossil fuel-fired electric generating facilities. Subject facilities will have to secure additional allowances, install NOx controls and/or develop a strategy of operations that utilizes the existing allowance allocations. 
 While the financial impacts of the final rule are uncertain and dependent on market forces and anticipated generation, SPS anticipates the annual costs could be significant, but would be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 

In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order granting a stay of the final rule. In response, the EPA intends to issue an administrative stay of the rule nationwide. Depending on the outcomes of the underlying legal challenges, the regulation may become applicable in the future. 
 
 Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Operating leases PPA capacity payments Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) 
 
 Interest component of obligation ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

14 

Table of Contents 

 MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023 with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2041. 
 
 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for SPS is omitted per conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis of the results of operations set forth in General Instruction H(2)(a) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that adjusts measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 SPS management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation, and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. We use this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate and provide details of SPS core earnings and underlying performance. 
 We believe this measurement is useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of SPS. For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no such adjustments to GAAP earnings and therefore GAAP earnings equal ongoing earnings. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 SPS net income was 322 million for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 compared with 302 million for the prior year. The year-to-date increase is due to regulatory rate outcomes and increased sales growth, which were partially offset by increased depreciation and O M expenses. 
 Electric Revenue 
 Electric revenues are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas and coal, regulatory outcomes, market prices and seasonality. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes. 

(Millions of Dollars) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Recovery of lower cost of electric fuel and purchased power (254) Wholesale generation revenues (76) PTCs flowed back to customers (9) Regulatory rate outcomes 76 Revenue recognition for the Texas rate case surcharge 39 Sales and demand 31 Estimated impact of weather 11 Other, net (19) Total decrease in electric revenues (201) 
 Electric Fuel and Purchased Power Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are impacted by fluctuations in market prices of natural gas and coal, as well as seasonality. These incurred expenses are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are largely offset in operating revenues and have minimal earnings impact. 
 Electric fuel and purchased power expenses decreased 301 million year-to-date. The decrease is primarily due to timing of fuel recovery mechanisms and lower commodity prices. 
 Non-Fuel Operating Expense and Other Items 
 O M Expenses O M expenses increased 15 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to recognition of previously deferred costs associated with the Texas Electric Rate Case in 2024, partially offset by lower bad debt expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization increased 71 million year-to-date. The year-to-date increase was largely the result of recognition of previously deferred costs and depreciation rate changes associated with the Texas Rate Case as well as system expansion. 
 
 Public Utility Regulation and Other 
 
 The FERC and state and local regulatory commissions regulate SPS. SPS is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric distribution companies in New Mexico and Texas. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. SPS requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect SPS financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and demand side management efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact SPS results of operations and credit quality. 
 Except to the extent noted below, the circumstances set forth in Public Utility Regulation included in Item 7 of SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of public utility regulation and are incorporated herein by reference. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 2023 Texas Electric Rate Case In 2023, SPS filed an electric rate case with the PUCT seeking an increase in base rate revenue of 158 million (14 ). Interim rates went into effect on Feb. 1, 2024. In April 2024, the PUCT approved a black box settlement between SPS and intervening parties, which reflect the following terms: 
 A base rate increase of 65 million effective back to July 13, 2023. 
 A 9.55 ROE, a 54.51 equity ratio and a 7.11 WACC for purposes of calculating SPS allowance for funds used during construction and in other proceedings filed before the PUCT where a stated WACC is required. 
 The reflection in rates of the retirement of Tolk Generation Station from 2034 to 2028. 
 Establishment of a rate rider of approximately 18 million to be recovered over a three-year period for various deferred expenses. 
 In July 2024, SPS filed to surcharge the final under-recovered amount, estimated to be 37 million. This will be largely offset by previously deferred costs. A PUCT decision is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 2022 All-Source RFP In July 2023, SPS filed for approval of a CPCN for a recommended generation portfolio, which includes 418 MW of self-build solar projects and a 36 MW battery. The NMPRC approved the projects in May 2024. In July 2024, the PUCT approved the solar projects and denied the battery project. The PUCT s approval included minimum production and PTC guarantees. 
 New Mexico Resource Plan (IRP) In October 2023, SPS filed its IRP with the NMPRC, which supports projected load growth and increasing reliability requirements, and secures replacement energy and capacity for retiring resources. SPS projected resource needs ranging from approximately 5,300 MW to 10,200 MW by 2030. In February 2024, the NMPRC accepted the IRP. 
 In July 2024, SPS issued a RFP, seeking approximately 3,200 MW of accredited generation capacity by 2030. The total capacity to be added to the system is expected to align with the range identified in the SPS IRP, depending on the types of resources proposed in the RFP and their accredited capacity factors. 
 The RFP will be evaluated in the first quarter of 2025. SPS is expected to file for a certificate of need for the recommended portfolio in the summer of 2025. The Texas and New Mexico Commissions are expected to rule on the portfolio in 2026. 
 
 Other 
 Supply Chain 
 SPS ability to meet customer energy requirements, execute our capital expenditure program and respond to storm-related disruptions are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. SPS continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 

Large global demand for energy-related infrastructure (renewables and gas generation, data centers, etc.) has stretched equipment supply chains, extended delivery dates and increased prices for items like combustion turbines, transformers and other large electrical equipment. The labor market for skilled engineering and construction resources to build renewables and gas generation has also been strained, impacting cost and availability. 
 Tariffs and Trade Complaints 
 In May 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced the initiation of anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations of CSPV cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam, whether or not assembled into modules. 
 In October 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced its preliminary determination in the countervailing duty circumvention investigation, which is not expected to impact SPS projects. A preliminary decision related to the anti-dumping portion of the matter is anticipated in November 2024. 
 In May 2024, the White House imposed a new 25 tariff on Lithium-Ion storage along with other trade measures. The tariff went into immediate effect for EV batteries but has a grace period until January 2026 for stationary energy storage applications. 
 SPS continues to assess the impacts of these tariffs and trade complaints on its business, including company-owned projects and PPAs. SPS may seek regulatory relief for tariffs, if required, in its jurisdictions. 
 Further policy actions or other restrictions on solar and storage imports, disruptions in imports from key suppliers, or any new trade complaint could impact project timelines and costs of various generation projects and PPAs. 
 Excess Liability Insurance Coverage 
 SPS maintains excess liability coverage, which is intended to insure against liability to third parties. During 2024, Xcel Energy had approximately 600 million of excess liability coverage; including 520 million of wildfire coverage with an annual premium assigned to SPS of approximately 12 million. Examples of claims paid under this policy include property damage or bodily injury to members of the public caused by SPS employees, equipment or facilities. The increased wildfire liability risk and claims are driving a significant increase of premiums and reductions in insurance coverage in the excess liability markets, especially in the western United States. In October 2024, Xcel Energy renewed its excess liability coverage and now has 450 million of total coverage, including 300 million of wildfire coverage. The annual premium for this excess liability insurance assigned to SPS is approximately 45 million. SPS anticipates seeking recovery of these increased costs through various regulatory proceedings. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act 
 Power Plant Greenhouse Gas Regulations In April 2024, the EPA published final rules addressing control of CO 2 emissions from the power sector. The rules regulate new natural gas generating units and emission guidelines for existing coal and certain natural gas generation. The rules create subcategories of coal units based on planned retirement date and subcategories of natural gas combustion turbines and combined cycle units based on utilization. The CO 2 control requirements vary by subcategory. Based on current estimates and assumptions, SPS has determined that due to scheduled plant retirements, there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Emerging Contaminants of Concern 
 PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. SPS does not manufacture PFAS, but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. 
 In June 2024, the EPA finalized a rule that designated certain PFAS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. In July 2024, the EPA finalized another rule that set enforceable drinking water standards for certain PFAS. 
 Potential costs for these rules and any additional proposed regulations related to PFAS are uncertain and will be determined on a site specific basis where applicable. If costs are incurred, SPS believes the costs will be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 SPS maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of Sept. 30, 2024, based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of SPS management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that SPS disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in SPS internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, SPS internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 SPS is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to, when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
 For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on SPS financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 9 to the financial statements and Part I Item 2 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 SPS risk factors are documented in Item 1A of Part I of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None of the Company s directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 Indicates incorporation by reference 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated Sept. 30, 1997 
 SPS Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 3.01 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SPS, dated Jan. 25, 2019 
 SPS Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Southwestern Public Service Company 10/31/2024 By: /s/ MELISSA L. OSTROM Melissa L. Ostrom Senior Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 19 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 spsex3101q32024.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southwestern Public Service Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 spsex3102q32024.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southwestern Public Service Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 spsex3201q32024.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Southwestern Public Service Company (SPS) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-Q), each of the undersigned officers of SPS certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SPS as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-Q. 
 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to SPS and will be retained by SPS and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sps-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sps-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sps-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sps-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sps-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

