<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1005229_0001005229-24-000284.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7891024</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1540808</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2448065</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1948802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1702014</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001005229-24-000284.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030161618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001005229-24-000284
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION MACHINERY & EQUIP [3531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				160547600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34362
		FILM NUMBER:		241410560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13320 BALLANTYNE CORPORATE PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE D
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166895400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13320 BALLANTYNE CORPORATE PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE D
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001005229-24-000284.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 cmco-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cmco-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2024 was: shares. 

FORM 10-Q INDEX 
 COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 Page # Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited). Condensed consolidated balance sheets - September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 
 5 
 Condensed consolidated statements of operations - Three months ended and Six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) - Three months ended and Six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 7 
 Condensed consolidated statements of shareholders' equity - Three months ended and Six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 8 
 Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows - Six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 10 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements - September 30, 2024 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 37 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures . 
 37 
 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 38 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults U pon Senior Securities. 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits . 
 39 
 
 2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical or current fact, included in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, will, should, can have, future, likely and other words and terms of similar meaning (including their negative counterparts or other various or comparable terminology). For example, all statements we make relating to: our plans and objectives for future operations, growth results or initiatives, strategies, plans for enhancing shareholder value, pending acquisitions, our expected amount of capital expenditures and pension contributions for fiscal 2025, our expected effective tax rate for fiscal 2025, our future management of our fixed rate and variable rate long-term debt, the financial impact of any foreign jurisdiction s adoption of minimum effective tax rates as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Pillar Two Framework, the amount of future dividend payments in fiscal 2025 and beyond or the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 
 the cyclical nature of our business and general macroeconomic conditions; 
 increased competition with respect to our business, including with respect to our material handling and precision conveyance products; 
 our ability to successfully integrate our acquisitions; 
 price fluctuations and trade tariffs on steel, aluminum, and other raw materials purchased to manufacture our products and our ability to pass on price increases to our customers; 
 the scarcity or unavailability of the raw materials and critical components we use to manufacture our products and the impact of such scarcity or unavailability on our ability to operate our business; 
 our ability to successfully manage our backlog; 
 our ability to maintain relationships with the independent distributors we use to sell our products; 
 our ability to continue to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees; 
 our ability to understand our customers specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand as we expand into additional international markets; 
 our ability to manage our indebtedness, including compliance with debt covenant restrictions in our Term Loan B, AR Securitization Facility and our Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility (each as defined herein); 
 our ability to manage the risks of conducting operations outside of the United States, including currency fluctuations, trade barriers, labor unrest, geopolitical conflicts, more stringent labor regulation, tariffs, political and economic instability and governmental expropriation; 
 potential product liability, as our products involve risks of personal injury and property damage; 
 compliance with federal, state and local environmental protection laws, including regulatory measures meant to address climate change, which may be burdensome and lower our margins; 
 our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property and refrain from infringing on the intellectual property of others; 
 our ability to adequately manage and rely on our subcontractors and suppliers; 
 our ability to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyberattacks or other interruptions; 
 our ability to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws; 
 our ability to retain key members of our management team; and 
 the volatility of our common stock. 
 
 While we believe that the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the effect of known factors, and, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other filings with the SEC and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 
 We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially 
 3 

realized, that they will result in the outcomes or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof and are based on our current expectations. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 
 4 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 
 COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 (unaudited) ASSETS: (In thousands) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts and , respectively) 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles, net Marketable securities Deferred taxes on income Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Total current liabilities Term loan, AR securitization facility and finance lease obligations Other non current liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Voting common stock; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding 
 Treasury stock ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling expenses General and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Amortization of intangibles Income from operations Interest and debt expense Investment (income) loss ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss ) ) Other (income) expense, net Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Average basic shares outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding Basic income (loss) per share: ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share: ) ) Dividends declared per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 6 

COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of taxes of , , , ) 
 ) ) ) Change in pension liability and postretirement obligation, net of taxes of ), , ), 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 

See accompanying notes. 
 7 

COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (In thousands, except share data) Common 
 Stock 
 par value) 
 Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of tax of 
 ) ) Change in pension liability and postretirement obligations, net of tax of 
 ) ) Stock options exercised, shares 
 Stock compensation expense Restricted stock units released, shares, net of shares withheld for minimum statutory tax obligation 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of tax of 
 ) ) Change in pension liability and postretirement obligations, net of tax of ) 
 Stock compensation - directors Stock options exercised, shares 
 Stock compensation expense Repurchase of Treasury Shares, ) shares 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released, shares, net of shares withheld for minimum statutory tax obligation 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 8 

COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (In thousands, except share data) Common 
 Stock 
 par value) 
 Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of tax of ) 
 Change in pension liability and postretirement obligations, net of tax of ) 
 Stock options exercised, shares 
 Stock compensation expense Restricted stock units released, shares, net of shares withheld for minimum statutory tax obligation 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Dividends declared ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges, net of tax of 
 ) ) Change in pension liability and postretirement obligations, net of tax of 
 ) ) Stock compensation - directors Stock options exercised, shares 
 Stock compensation expense Restricted stock units released, shares, net of shares withheld for minimum statutory tax obligation 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 9 

COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: (In thousands) Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes and related valuation allowance ) ) Net loss (gain) on sale of real estate, investments and other ) ) Non-cash pension settlement (See Note 10) Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing costs Impairment of operating lease Loss (gain) on hedging instruments ) Loss (gain) on disposal of Fixed Assets Non-cash lease expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions: Trade accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Other assets Trade accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Dividend received from equity method investment Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired (See Note 2) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Purchases of treasury stock ) Repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Fees paid for borrowings on long-term debt ) Payment to former owners of montratec (see Note 2) ) Fees paid for debt repricing ) Cash inflows from hedging activities Cash outflows from hedging activities ) ) Payment of dividends ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplementary cash flow data: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds Property, plant and equipment purchases included in trade accounts payable Restricted cash presented in Other assets See accompanying notes. 
 10 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 September 30, 2024 

1. 

The Company is a leading worldwide designer, manufacturer, and marketer of intelligent motion solutions that efficiently and ergonomically move, lift, position, and secure materials. Key products include hoists, crane components, precision conveyor systems, accumulation tables, rigging tools, light rail workstations, and digital power and motion control systems. The Company is focused on commercial and industrial applications that require the safety and quality provided by its superior design and engineering know-how. 
 
 and , respectively, of total net sales. 

2. 
 including in cash acquired, a working capital settlement, and a contingent payment of that was earned based on montratec achieving a certain EBITDA level for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023. During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid the contingent payment of to montratec's previous owners. The difference between the originally recorded liability of and the amount paid is the result of a change in the foreign currency rate at the time of payment as compared to the opening balance sheet rate. The Company initially financed the acquisition by borrowing on its Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility, but later repaid the amount borrowed under the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility by borrowing an additional . Utilizing the Accordion feature under the Company's existing Term Loan B facility ("Term Loan B"), the Company borrowed and another was borrowed through a new credit agreement secured by its U.S. accounts receivable balances. Refer to Note 9 for additional details on the Company's debt agreements. 
 
 montratec is a leading automation solutions company that designs and develops intelligent automation and transport systems for interlinking industrial production and logistics processes. montratec's product offerings complement the Company's previous acquisitions of both Dorner Mfg. Corp. ("Dorner") and Garvey Corporation ("Garvey"), and furthers the Company's shift to intelligent motion and serves as a platform to expand capabilities in advanced, higher technology automation solutions. As the Company determined that the acquisition is not material to its existing operations, certain disclosures, including pro forma financial information, have not been included. montratec's results have been included in the Company's results of operations from the acquisition date and the Company incurred and of acquisition and deal related costs classified as part of General and administrative expenses in the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition. The excess consideration of has been recorded as goodwill. The identifiable intangible assets acquired include customer relationships valued at , a trade name valued at , and technology valued at . The weighted average life of the acquired identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization was estimated at years at the time of acquisition. Of the goodwill recorded from the acquisition, is deductible for tax purposes. 

11 

Working capital Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangible assets Contingent liability see above) 
 ) Other assets Other non current liabilities ) Goodwill Total 
 
 On July 31, 2024 the Company announced that it would relocate its North American linear motion operations from Charlotte, North Carolina ("Charlotte Manufacturing Operations") to its manufacturing facility in Monterrey, Mexico. The Company recorded in fixed asset impairment costs and inventory obsolescence, in Right of Use lease asset impairment costs and in employee related severance and retention costs during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. In total, of these costs were included in Cost of products sold, were included in Selling expenses, and were included in General and administrative expenses. 

3. 
 
 to days. Each standard product is deemed to be a single performance obligation and the amount of revenue recognized is based on the negotiated price. The transaction price for standard products is based on the price reflected in each purchase order. Sales incentives are offered to customers who purchase standard products and include offers such as volume-based discounts, rebates for priority customers, and discounts for early cash payments. These sales incentives are accounted for as variable consideration included in the transaction price. Accordingly, the Company reduces revenue for these incentives in the period which the sale occurs and is based on the most likely amount method for estimating the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive. These sales incentive estimates are updated each reporting period as additional information becomes available. 
 
 The Company also sells custom engineered products and services, which are contracts that are typically completed within one quarter but can extend beyond in duration. For custom engineered products, the transaction price is based upon the price stated in the contract. Variable consideration has not been identified as a significant component of transaction price for custom engineered products and services. The Company generally recognizes revenue for custom engineered products upon satisfaction of its performance obligation under the contract which typically coincides with project completion which is when the products and services are controlled by the customer. Control is typically achieved at the later of when legal title and significant risk and rewards have transferred to the customer or the customer has accepted the asset. These contracts often require either up front or installment payments. These types of contracts are generally accounted for as one performance obligation as the products and services are not separately identifiable. The promised services (such as inspection, commissioning, and installation) are essential in order for the delivered product to operate as intended on the customer s site and the services are therefore highly interrelated with product functionality. 
 
 For most custom engineered products contracts, the Company determined that while there is no alternative use for the custom engineered products, the Company does not have an enforceable right to payment (which must include a reasonable profit margin) for performance completed to date in order to meet the over time revenue recognition criteria. Therefore, revenue is recognized at a point in time (when the contract is complete). For custom engineered products contracts that contain an 
 12 

months in duration for standard products and to months for custom engineered products. These types of warranties are included in the purchase price of the product and are deemed to be assurance-type warranties which are not accounted for as a separate performance obligation. Other performance obligations included in a contract (such as drawings, owner s manuals, and training services) are immaterial in the context of the contract and are not recognized as a separate performance obligation. 
 
 For additional information on the Company s revenue recognition policy refer to the consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 10-K. 
 
 Reconciliation of contract balances 
 
 The Company records a contract liability when cash is received prior to recording revenue. Some standard contracts require a down payment while most custom engineered contracts require installment payments. Installment payments for the custom engineered contracts typically require a portion due at inception while the remaining payments are due upon completion of certain performance milestones. For both types of contracts, these contract liabilities, referred to as customer advances, are recorded at the time payment is received and are included in Accrued liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. When the related performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized, the contract liability is released into income. 
 
 Additional customer advances received Revenue recognized from customer advances included in beginning of period ) ) Other revenue recognized from customer advances ) ) Customer advances recorded from acquisitions Other (1) ) September 30, ending balance 

Revenue was recognized prior to the right to invoice the customer which resulted in a contract asset balance in the amount of and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. Contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) was approximately . We expect to recognize approximately of these sales over the next . 
 
 Disaggregated revenue 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606, the Company is required to disaggregate revenue into categories that depict how economic factors affect the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows. 
 13 

Crane Solutions Engineered Products Precision Conveyor Products All other Total 
 
 Industrial products include: manual chain hoists, electrical chain hoists, rigging/clamps, industrial winches, hooks, shackles, and other forged attachments. Crane solutions products include: wire rope hoists, drives and controls, crane kits and components, and workstations. Engineered products include: linear and mechanical actuators, lifting tables, rail projects, and actuation systems. Precision conveyor products include: low profile, flexible chain, large scale, sanitary and vertical elevation conveyor systems, pallet system conveyors, accumulation systems, asynchronous conveyors as well as other high-precision conveyance systems. The All other product grouping includes miscellaneous revenue. 
 
 Practical expedients 
 
 Incremental costs to obtain a contract incurred by the Company primarily relate to sales commissions for contracts with a duration of one year or less. Therefore, these costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded in Selling expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an expected length of one year or less are not disclosed. Further, revenue from contracts with customers do not include a significant financing component as payment is generally expected within one year from when the performance obligation is controlled by the customer. 
 
 Accounts Receivable: 
 
 Under Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") 2016-13, the Company is required to remeasure expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable forecasts. In addition to these factors, the Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends, and other factors. Accounts receivable are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts once all collection efforts have been exhausted. Due to the short-term nature of such accounts receivable, the estimated amount of accounts receivable that may not be collected is based on aging of the accounts receivable balances. 
 
 Bad debt expense Less uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries ) ) Allowance recorded from acquisitions Other (1) ) September 30, ending balance 

14 

4. 

15 

Annuity contract Terminated pension assets Interest rate swap Cross currency swap ) ) Disclosed at fair value: Term Loan B ) ) AR Securitization Facility ) ) 

Fair value measurements at reporting date using March 31, Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets Significant other observable inputs Significant unobservable inputs Description 2024 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets/(Liabilities) measured at fair value: Marketable securities Annuity contract Derivative assets (liabilities): Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Interest rate swap Cross currency swap ) ) Disclosed at fair value: Term Loan B ) ) AR Securitization Facility ) ) 
 
 The Company does not have any non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis. At September 30, 2024, the Term Loan B has been recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value. In fiscal 2024, the Company borrowed an additional under a new credit agreement secured by the Company's U.S. accounts receivable balances (the "AR Securitization Facility"). The balance of the AR Securitization Facility is at September 30, 2024. The AR Securitization Facility has been recorded at carrying value which approximates fair value. Refer to Note 9 for additional information regarding the Company's long-term debt. 
 
 Market gains, interest, and dividend income on marketable securities are recorded in Investment (income) loss on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in foreign currency exchange (gain) loss or other comprehensive income (loss), to the extent that the derivative qualifies as a hedge under the 
 16 

5. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total at cost FIFO basis LIFO cost less than FIFO cost ) ) Net inventories 
 
 An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations must necessarily be based on management's estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs. Because these are subject to many factors beyond management's control, estimated interim results are subject to change in the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. 

6. 
 
 and a loss of in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and a gain of and a loss of in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Consistent with prior periods, the estimated fair value is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet dates. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividend income are included in Investment (income) loss in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Marketable securities are carried as long-term assets since they are held for the settlement of the Company s general and product liability insurance claims filed through CM Insurance Company, Inc. ("CMIC"), the Company's a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary. The marketable securities are not available for general working capital purposes. 
 
 Net realized gains related to sales of marketable securities were in the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and material in the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company owns a ownership interest in Eastern Morris Cranes Company Limited ("EMC"), a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws and regulations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The Company's ownership represents an equity investment in a strategic customer of Stahl Cranesystems GmbH ("STAHL") serving the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The investment's carrying value is presented in Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in the amount of and in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively, and has been accounted for as an equity method investment. The investment value increased for the Company's ownership percentage of income earned by EMC in the amount of and in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and increased by and in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, recorded in Investment (income) loss on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of 
 17 

of pursuant to its ownership interest. The investment value was decreased for the Company's share of EMC's cash dividend in the amount of in the six months ended September 30, 2023, as they were determined to be a return of the Company's investment. Dividends are included in investing activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and in the six months ended September 30, 2023, as the distribution received in fiscal 2024 exceeded cumulative equity in earnings, under the cumulative earnings approach. The remaining balance of the dividend for the six months ended September 30, 2023, is included in cash flows from operations on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. There were no such dividends in the six months ended September 30, 2024. The September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 trade accounts receivable balances due from EMC were and , respectively, and are comprised of amounts due from the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business. 

7. 
 
 reporting units as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The Linear Motion Products reporting unit (formerly referred to as Duff-Norton) (which designs, manufactures and sources mechanical and electromechanical actuators and rotary unions) had goodwill of at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The Rest of Products reporting unit (representing the hoist, chain, forgings, digital power, motion control, manufacturing, and distribution businesses) had goodwill of and at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The Precision Conveyance reporting unit (which represents high-precision conveying systems) had goodwill of and at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The goodwill associated with the fiscal 2024 acquisition of montratec, as described in Note 2, is included in the Precision Conveyance reporting unit. 
 
 Refer to the 2024 10-K for information regarding our annual goodwill and indefinite lived trademark impairment evaluation. Future impairment indicators, such as declines in forecasted cash flows, may cause impairment charges. Impairment charges could be based on such factors as the Company s stock price, forecasted cash flows, assumptions used, control premiums or other variables. There were no such indicators during the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Currency translation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Goodwill is recognized net of accumulated impairment losses of as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 ) ) Indefinite lived trademark Customer relationships ) ) Acquired technology ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 18 

years for trademarks, years for customer relationships, years for acquired technology, years for other, and years in total. Trademarks with a carrying value of as of September 30, 2024 have an indefinite useful life and are therefore not being amortized. 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total amortization expense was and for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Based on the current amount of identifiable intangible assets and current exchange rates, the estimated annual amortization expense for each of the succeeding five years is expected to be approximately . 

8. 
 
 , and this contract matures on March 31, 2028. From its September 30, 2024 balance of AOCL, the Company expects to reclassify approximately out of AOCL, and into foreign currency exchange loss (gain), during the next 12 months based on the contractual payments due under this intercompany loan. 
 
 The Company has foreign currency forward agreements that are designated as cash flow hedges to hedge a portion of forecasted inventory purchases denominated in foreign currencies. As of September 30, 2024, the notional amount of those derivatives was , and all contracts mature by June 30, 2025. From its September 30, 2024 balance of AOCL, the Company expects to reclassify approximately out of AOCL during the next 12 months based on the expected payments for the goods purchased. 
 
 The Company's policy is to maintain a capital structure that is comprised of - of fixed rate long-term debt and - of variable rate long-term debt. The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements in which the Company receives interest at a variable rate and pays interest at a fixed rate. The Company's third and most recent interest rate swap with a notional amount of was entered into during the three months ended September 30, 2024. After entry into this swap, the Company's percentage of fixed rate long-term debt exceeds the Company's policy described above at September 30, 2024, however, with swap maturing later this fiscal year, the Company expects to be back in compliance with its policy at March 31, 2025. The interest rate swap agreements are designated as cash flow hedges to hedge changes in interest expense due to changes in the variable interest rate of the Company's variable interest debt. The interest rate swaps mature on February 14, 2025, September 4, 2027 and April 30, 2028, and collectively have a total notional amount of as of September 30, 2024. The effective portion of the changes in fair values of the interest rate swaps is reported in AOCL and will be 
 19 

of AOCL into interest and debt expense during the next 12 months. 
 
 Cost of products sold ) September 30, 2024 Interest rate swaps ) Interest expense September 30, 2024 Cross currency swaps ) Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss ) September 30, 2023 Foreign exchange contracts ) Cost of products sold ) September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest expense September 30, 2023 Cross currency swaps Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss 
 
 The following is the effect of derivative instruments, net of tax on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Type of Instrument Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on Derivatives Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCL into Income September 30, 2024 Foreign exchange contracts Cost of products sold ) September 30, 2024 Interest rate swaps ) Interest expense September 30, 2024 Cross currency swaps ) Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss ) September 30, 2023 Foreign exchange contracts ) Cost of products sold ) September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest expense September 30, 2023 Cross currency swaps Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss 

20 

Foreign exchange contracts Accrued liabilities ) ) Interest rate swap Prepaid expenses and other Interest rate swap Other non current liabilities ) ) Cross currency swap Prepaid expenses and other Cross currency swap Accrued liabilities ) Cross currency swap Other non current liabilities ) ) 
 
 9. 
 
 to a total of . The Company borrowed against the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility in May of fiscal 2024 to initially fund the montratec acquisition as described in Note 2. The Company subsequently borrowed additional funds in accordance with the Accordion feature under its existing Term Loan B to increase the principal amount of the Term Loan B by . The Company also borrowed an additional under a new credit agreement secured by the Company's U.S. accounts receivable balances (the "AR Securitization Facility"). The U.S. accounts receivable balances which secure the AR Securitization Facility total as of September 30, 2024. The Company used the proceeds from the Accordion borrowing and the AR Securitization Facility to fully repay borrowings on the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility prior to June 30, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no amortization events triggered in the AR Securitization Facility. The Company has both the ability and intent to have the AR Securitization Facility remain outstanding for the next 12-months. As such, the Company has classified the full outstanding borrowings under the AR Securitization Facility as long-term debt at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan B was as of September 30, 2024. The Company made in principal payments on the Term Loan B during the six months ended September 30, 2024 of which was required. The Company is obligated to make of principal payments on the Term Loan B over the next 12 months plus applicable Excess Cash Flow payments, if required, however, plans to pay down approximately in principal payments in total during such 12 month period. This amount has been recorded within the current portion of long-term debt on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet with the remaining balance recorded as long-term debt. Refer to the 2024 10-K for further details on the Company's Term Loan B. 
 
 There were outstanding borrowings and in outstanding letters of credit issued against the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. The outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2024 consisted of of standby letters of credit. 
 
 The gross balance of deferred financing costs on the Term Loan B was as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The accumulated amortization balances were and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The gross balance of deferred financing costs associated with the AR Securitization Facility was with an accumulated amortization balance of and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The gross balance of deferred financing costs associated with the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility is as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, which is included in Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The accumulated amortization balances were and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a finance lease for a manufacturing facility in Hartland, WI under a -year lease agreement which terminates in 2035. The outstanding balance on the finance lease obligation is as of September 30, 2024 of which has been recorded within the Current portion of long-term debt and the remaining balance recorded within the Term 
 21 

, of which was drawn. In addition, unsecured lines of were available for bank guarantees issued in the normal course of business of which was utilized as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Refer to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 10-K for further information on its debt arrangements. 

10. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net amortization Settlement Net periodic pension (benefit) cost 
 
 Components of the net benefit costs other than the service cost component are recorded in Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Service costs are recorded as part of Income from operations. 
 
 During fiscal year 2024, the Company began the process to terminate one of its U.S. pension plans. Lump sum payments were made to eligible participants who elected to receive them in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 resulting in settlement charges which were disclosed in the 2024 10-K. On September 30, 2024, the Company purchased annuity contracts to settle the remaining liabilities of the terminated plan. The annuity contract purchase resulted in a non cash settlement charge of which was recorded in Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the six months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining surplus of the terminated plan of will be used, to process final benefit payments as required in the annuity sales agreement and as prescribed in the applicable regulations, to fund obligations associated with the Company's U.S. defined contribution plans. 
 
 The Company currently plans to contribute approximately to its pension plans in fiscal 2025. 
 
 For additional information on the Company s defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, refer to the consolidated 
 financial statements included in the 2024 10-K. 
 
 22 

11. ) Denominators: Weighted-average common stock outstanding denominator for basic EPS Effect of dilutive employee stock options and other share-based awards Adjusted weighted-average common stock outstanding and assumed conversions denominator for diluted EPS 
 
 Stock options, restricted stock units, and performance shares with respect to common shares for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, were not included in the computation of diluted income per share because they were antidilutive as a result of the Company's net loss. Stock options with respect to common shares for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted income per share because they were antidilutive. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 contingently issuable common shares of were excluded because a performance condition had not yet been met. 
 
 The Company grants share based compensation to eligible participants under the 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated in June 2019 and July 2024 ("2016 LTIP"). The total number of shares of common stock with respect to which awards may be granted under the 2016 LTIP were increased by as a result of the June 2019 amendment and restatement. In July of fiscal 2025 the plan was amended a second time increasing the total number of shares of common stock which may be granted by an additional shares. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock at an aggregate cost of in accordance with the Company's previously adopted share repurchase program. The value of the shares purchased are reflected as Treasury stock on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the first six months of fiscal 2025, there were shares of stock issued upon the exercise of stock options that were issued under the Company s 2016 LTIP. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, shares of restricted stock units vested and were issued. 
 
 On October 20, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend of per common share. The dividend will be paid on November 18, 2024 to shareholders of record on November 8, 2024. The dividend payment is expected to be approximately . 
 
 Refer to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 10-K for further information on its earnings per share and stock plans. 

12. 
 
 (gross of estimated insurance recoveries of as of September 30, 2024, of which is 
 23 

in Accrued liabilities. The liability for accrued general and product liability costs are funded by investments in marketable securities (see Note 6). 
 
 Estimated insurance recoveries ) ) Add provision for claims Deduct payments for claims ) ) Accrued general and product liability, end of period Estimated insurance recoveries ) ) Net accrued general and product liability, end of period 
 
 The per occurrence limits on the self-insurance for general and product liability coverage to Columbus McKinnon through CMIC, its wholly-owned captive insurance company were from inception through fiscal 2003 and for fiscal 2004 and thereafter. In addition to the per occurrence limits, the Company s coverage is also subject to an annual aggregate limit, applicable to losses only. These limits range from to for each policy year from inception through fiscal 2025. The Company also purchases excess general and product liability insurance up to an aggregate limit. 
 
 Asbestos 
 
 Like many industrial manufacturers, the Company is involved in asbestos-related litigation. In continually evaluating costs relating to its estimated asbestos-related liability, the Company reviews, among other things, the incidence of past and recent claims, the historical case dismissal rate, the mix of the claimed illnesses and occupations of the plaintiffs, its recent and historical resolution of the cases, the number of cases pending against it, the status and results of broad-based settlement discussions, and the number of years such activity might continue. Based on this review, the Company has estimated its share of liability to defend and resolve probable asbestos-related personal injury claims. This estimate is highly uncertain due to the limitations of the available data and the difficulty of forecasting with any certainty the numerous variables that can affect the range of the liability. The Company will continue to study the variables in light of additional information in order to identify trends that may become evident and to assess their impact on the range of liability that is probable and estimable. 
 
 Based on actuarial information, the Company has estimated its net asbestos-related aggregate liability including related legal costs to range between and , net of insurance recoveries, using actuarial parameters of continued claims for a period of years from September 30, 2024. The Company has estimated its asbestos-related aggregate liability that is probable and estimable, net of insurance recoveries, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles approximates . The Company has reflected the liability gross of insurance recoveries of as a liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. The recorded liability does not consider the impact of any potential favorable federal legislation. This liability will fluctuate based on the uncertainty in the number of future claims that will be filed and the cost to resolve those claims, which may be influenced by a number of factors, including the outcome of the ongoing broad-based settlement negotiations, defensive strategies, and the cost to resolve claims outside the broad-based settlement program. Of this amount, management expects to incur asbestos liability payments of approximately over the next 12 months. Because payment of the liability is likely to extend over many years, management believes that the potential additional costs for claims will not have a material effect on the financial condition of the Company or its liquidity, although the effect of any future liabilities recorded could be material to earnings in a future period. 
 
 A share of the Company s previously incurred asbestos-related expenses and future asbestos-related expenses are covered by pre-existing insurance policies. The Company had been engaged in a legal action against the insurance carriers for those policies to recover past expenses and future costs incurred. The Company came to an agreement with the insurance carriers to settle its case against them for recovery of a portion of past costs and future costs for asbestos-related legal defense costs. The agreement was finalized during the quarter ended September 30, 2020. The terms of the settlement require the carriers to pay gross defense costs prior to retro-premiums of for future asbestos-related defense costs subject to an annual cap of for claims covered by the settlement. 
 24 

of indemnity costs related to all covered cases. Estimates of the future cost sharing have been included in the loss reserve calculation as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The Company has recorded a receivable for the estimated future cost sharing in Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024 in the amount of , which offsets its asbestos reserves. 
 
 In addition, one of the Company's subsidiaries, Magnetek, Inc. ("Magnetek"), has been named, along with multiple other defendants, in asbestos-related lawsuits associated with business operations previously acquired but which are no longer owned. During Magnetek's ownership, none of the businesses produced or sold asbestos-containing products. For such claims, Magnetek is uninsured and either contractually indemnified against liability, or contractually obligated to defend and indemnify the purchaser of these former business operations. The Company aggressively seeks dismissal from these proceedings. The asbestos-related liability including legal costs is estimated to be approximately which has been reflected as a liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Product Liability 
 
 The Company is also involved in other unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. The most prevalent of these unresolved actions involve disputes related to product design, manufacture and performance liability. The Company's estimation of its product-related aggregate liability that is probable and estimable, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles approximates , which has been reflected as a liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. In some cases, the Company cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss because there is insufficient information regarding the matter. 
 
 In April of fiscal 2025, a trial involving a product liability claim against the Company resulted in a jury verdict demanding the Company to pay approximately in damages. The Company along with its attorneys believes it will be successful in overturning this verdict and that payment of the damages is not probable. As such the Company has not accrued the damages as a liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Management believes that the potential additional costs for claims will not have a material effect on the financial condition of the Company or its liquidity, although the effect of any future liabilities recorded could be material to earnings in a future period. 
 
 Litigation-Other 
 
 In October 2010, Magnetek received a request for indemnification from Power-One, Inc. ("Power-One") for an Italian tax matter arising out of the sale of Magnetek's power electronics business to Power-One in October 2006. With a reservation of rights, Magnetek affirmed its obligation to indemnify Power-One for certain pre-closing taxes. The sale included an Italian company, Magnetek, S.p.A., and its wholly owned subsidiary, Magnetek Electronics (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. (the Power-One China Subsidiary ). The tax authority in Arezzo, Italy, issued a notice of audit report in September 2010 wherein it asserted that the Power-One China Subsidiary had its administrative headquarters in Italy and, therefore, it should be considered resident in Italy and subject to taxation in Italy. In November 2010, the tax authority issued a notice of tax assessment for the period of July 2003 to June 2004, alleging that taxes of approximately (Euro ), plus interest, were due in Italy on taxable income earned by the Power-One China Subsidiary during this period. In addition, the assessment alleges potential penalties in the amount of approximately (Euro for the alleged failure of the Power-One China Subsidiary to file its Italian tax return. The Power-One China Subsidiary filed its response with the provincial tax commission of Arezzo, Italy in January 2011. A hearing before the Tax Court was held in July 2012 on the tax assessment for the period of July 2003 to June 2004. In September 2012, the Tax Court ruled in favor of the Power-One China Subsidiary dismissing the tax assessment for the period of July 2003 to June 2004. In February 2013, the tax authority filed an appeal of the Tax Court's September 2012 ruling. The Regional Tax Commission of Florence heard the appeal of the tax assessment dismissal for the period of July 2003 to June 2004 and thereafter issued its ruling finding in favor of the tax authority. Magnetek believed the court s decision was based upon erroneous interpretations of the applicable law and appealed the ruling to the Italian Supreme Court in April 2015. In April 2022, the Supreme Court upheld the appeal in favor of Power-One. 
 
 The tax authority in Arezzo, Italy also issued a tax inspection report in January 2011 for the periods July 2002 to June 2003 (fiscal period 2002/2003) and July 2004 to December 2006 (fiscal periods 2004/2005 and 2005/2006) claiming that the Power-One China Subsidiary failed to file Italian tax returns for the reported periods. In August 2012, the tax authority in Arezzo, Italy issued notices of tax assessment for the periods July 2002 to June 2003 and July 2004 to December 2006, alleging that taxes of approximately (Euro were due in Italy on taxable income earned by the Power-One China 
 25 

(Euro for the alleged failure of the Power-One China Subsidiary to file its Italian tax returns. 
 
 On June 3, 2015, the Tax Court, ruled in favor of the Power-One China Subsidiary dismissing the tax assessments for the periods of July 2002 to June 2003 and July 2004 to December 2006. On July 27, 2015, the tax authority filed appeals of the Tax Court's ruling of June 3, 2015. In May 2016, the Regional Tax Court of Florence rejected the appeals of the tax authority and at the same time canceled the notices of assessment for the fiscal years of 2004/2005 and 2005/2006. In December 2016, the Power-One China Subsidiary was served by the Italian Revenue Agency with appeals to the Italian Supreme Court regarding the positive judgments on the tax assessments for the fiscal periods 2004/2005 and 2005/2006. In February 2017 the Power-One China Subsidiary filed memorandum before the Italian Supreme Court in response to the appeals made by the tax authority against the positive judgments on the tax assessments for fiscal years 2004/2005 and 2005/2006. 
 
 In March 2017, the Regional Tax Court of Florence rejected the appeal of the assessment for the 2006 fiscal year (period July 2006-December 2006). In October 2017, the Power-One China Subsidiary was served by the Italian Revenue Agency with an appeal to the Italian Supreme Court against the positive judgment on the tax assessment for fiscal year 2006. In November 2017 the Power-One China Subsidiary filed a memorandum before the Italian Supreme Court in response to the appeal made by the tax authority against the positive judgment on the tax assessment for fiscal year 2006. In March 2018, the Regional Tax Court of Florence rejected the appeal of the assessment for the 2002/2003 fiscal year. In October 2018 the Power-One China Subsidiary was served by the Italian Revenue Agency with an appeal to the Italian Supreme Court against the positive judgment on the tax assessment for fiscal year 2002/2003. In November 2018 the Power-One China Subsidiary filed a memorandum with the Italian Supreme Court in response to the appeal made by the tax authority. The Supreme Court upheld the appeals of the Italian Tax Authority and remitted the proceedings back to the Regional Tax Court for a new evaluation of the substance of the dispute. 
 
 In December 2022 the Power One China Subsidiary resumed the proceedings concerning the tax assessments for fiscal years 2002/2003 and 2006 before the Regional Tax Court. A hearing was held before the Regional Tax Court in April and May of 2023, in separate decisions, the court ruled in favor of the Company. The tax authority appealed this decision on December 6, 2023, and the Company filed the relevant counter claims in January of 2024. 
 
 In March 2023 the Power One China Subsidiary resumed the proceedings concerning the tax assessments for fiscal years 2004/2005 and 2005/2006 before the Regional Tax Court. The hearing was held in February 2024 where the court upheld the assessments. The Company is appealing the judgment and expects the Supreme court to reverse the judgment of the lower court as they have previously with the 2002/2003 and 2006 assessments. 
 
 The Company believes it will be successful and does not expect to incur a liability related to these assessments. 
 
 In September of 2017, Magnetek received a request for defense and indemnification from Monsanto Company, Pharmacia, LLC, and Solutia, Inc. (collectively, Monsanto with respect to: (1) lawsuits brought by plaintiffs claiming that Monsanto manufactured polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"), exposure to which allegedly caused injury to plaintiffs; and (2) lawsuits brought by municipalities and municipal entities claiming that Monsanto should be responsible for a variety of damages due to the presence of PCBs in bodies of water in those municipalities and/or in water treated by those municipal entities. Monsanto claims to be entitled to defense and indemnification from Magnetek under a so-called Special Undertaking apparently executed by Magnetek s predecessor Universal Manufacturing ("Universal") in January of 1972, which purportedly required Universal to defend and indemnify Monsanto from liabilities arising out of or in connection with the receipt, purchase, possession, handling, use, sale or disposition of PCBs by Universal. 
 
 Magnetek has declined Monsanto s tender, and believes that it has meritorious legal and factual defenses to the demands made by Monsanto. Magnetek is vigorously defending against those demands and commenced litigation in New Jersey to, among other things, declare the Special Undertaking void and unenforceable. Monsanto has, in turn, commenced an action to enforce the Special Undertaking in Missouri and joined additional companies as co-defendants in that Missouri action. 
 
 The New Jersey action was recently dismissed in favor of the Missouri action. Magnetek has appealed that decision and intends to continue to vigorously prosecute its New Jersey declaratory judgment action, and to defend against Monsanto s action against it. The Company cannot reasonably estimate a potential range of loss with respect to Monsanto s tender because there is insufficient information regarding the underlying matters. Management believes, however, that the potential additional legal costs related to such matters will not have a material effect on the financial condition of the Company or its liquidity, although the effect of any future liabilities recorded could be material to earnings in a future period. 
 
 26 

included in the amount specified above, related to the Bridgeport facility, representing the best estimate of future site investigation costs and remediation costs which are expected to be incurred in the future. 
 
 For all of the currently known environmental matters, the Company has accrued as of September 30, 2024 a total of which, in our opinion, is sufficient to deal with such matters. The Company is not aware of any environmental condition or any operation at any of its facilities, either individually or in the aggregate, which would cause expenditures to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows and, accordingly, has not budgeted any material capital expenditures for environmental compliance for fiscal 2025. 

13. 
 
 and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and income tax expense of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 
 27 

and in the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of the pre-tax income was and in the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Typically these percentages vary from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to varying statutory tax rates at the Company's foreign subsidiaries, and the jurisdictional mix of income for these subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company is subject to the European Union s Pillar Two Directive legislation which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15 , as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework. Similar legislation has been implemented in other countries that is effective in fiscal year 2025. The Company does not expect a material impact to its fiscal year 2025 financial statements as a result of the Pillar Two legislation implemented by any jurisdiction. 
 
 The Company estimates that the effective tax rate related to continuing operations will be approximately for fiscal 2025 which includes percentage points related to the pension settlement expense recorded in fiscal 2025. 
 
 Refer to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 10-K for further information on income taxes. 

14. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive loss ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive loss ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance net of tax ) ) ) 

28 

Total before tax ) Tax (benefit) expense Net of tax Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges Cost of products sold ) Interest expense Foreign currency ) Total before tax Tax (benefit) expense ) Net of tax 
 
 Details of amounts reclassified out of AOCL for the six months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Details of AOCL Components Amount reclassified from AOCL Affected line item on Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations Net amortization of prior service cost and pension settlement expense Total before tax ) Tax (benefit) expense Net of tax Change in derivatives qualifying as hedges Cost of products sold ) Interest expense Foreign currency ) Total before tax Tax (benefit) expense ) Net of tax 
 
 These AOCL components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. (See Note 10 for additional details.) 

15. 
 
 to years, some of which include options to extend or terminate the lease. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. When deemed reasonably certain of exercise, 
 29 

As described in Note 2, the Company relocated its Charlotte Manufacturing Operations to its manufacturing facility in Monterrey, Mexico during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. As a result, the Charlotte Manufacturing Operation's related right of use asset has been impaired resulting in an expense recorded within Cost of products sold on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and six-months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Accrued liabilities Other non current liabilities Total operating liabilities Finance lease: Net property, plant, and equipment Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligation Term loan, AR securitization facility and finance lease obligations Total finance liabilities 
 
 Operating lease expense of and and and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, is included in Income from operations on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Short-term lease expense, sublease income, and variable lease expenses were not material for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Finance lease expense of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, is included in Income from operations on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest and debt expense related to the finance lease of and and and is included the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

16. 
 
 30 

31 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 The Company is a leading worldwide designer, manufacturer and marketer of intelligent motion solutions, including motion control products, technologies, automated systems and services, that efficiently and ergonomically move, lift, position and secure materials. Our key products include hoists, crane components, precision conveyors, actuators, rigging tools, light rail workstations, and digital power and motion control systems. These are highly relevant, professional-grade solutions that solve customers critical material handling requirements. 
 
 Founded in 1875, we have grown to our current size and leadership position through organic growth and acquisitions. We developed our leading market position over our 150-year history by emphasizing technological innovation, manufacturing excellence and superior customer service. In accordance with our strategic framework, we are building out our business system (CMBS) and growth framework to be market-led, customer-centric, and operationally excellent with our people and values at the core. We believe this will transform Columbus McKinnon into a top-tier Intelligent Motion Solutions company. We expect our strategy will enhance shareholder value by expanding EBITDA margins and return on invested capital ("ROIC"). 
 
 Our revenue base is geographically diverse with approximately 45 of net sales derived from customers outside the U.S. for the six months ended September 30, 2024. We believe this diversity balances the impact of changes that occur in local economies, as well as benefits the Company by providing access to growing emerging markets. We monitor both U.S. and Eurozone Industrial Capacity Utilization statistics as well as the ISM Production Index as indicators of anticipated demand for our products. In addition, we continue to monitor the potential impact of other global and U.S. trends including, industrial production, trade tariffs, raw material cost inflation, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and activity of end-user markets around the globe. 
 
 From a strategic perspective, we are investing in new products as we focus on our greatest opportunities for growth. We maintain a strong North American market share with significant leading market positions in hoists, lifting and sling chain, forged attachments, actuators, precision conveyors and digital power and motion control systems for the material handling industry. We seek to maintain and enhance our market share by focusing our sales and marketing activities toward select North American and global market sectors including general industrial, energy, automotive, heavy OEM, entertainment, construction and infrastructure, life sciences food and beverage, e-commerce and battery production. 
 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company acquired montratec GmbH ("montratec"), a leading automation solutions company that designs and develops intelligent automation and transport systems for interlinking industrial production and logistics processes. montratec product offerings compliment the previous acquisitions of both Dorner and Garvey, and these acquisitions are collectively expected to accelerate the Company s shift into a provider of intelligent motion solutions and serve as a platform to expand capabilities in advanced, higher technology automation solutions. 
 
 Regardless of the economic climate and point in the economic cycle, we constantly explore ways to increase operating margins as well as further improve our productivity and competitiveness. We have specific initiatives to reduce lead-times, improve on-time deliveries, reduce warranty costs, and improve material and factory productivity. The initiatives are being driven by the implementation of our business operating system, CMBS. We are working to achieve these strategic initiatives through business simplification, operational excellence, and profitable growth initiatives. We believe these initiatives will enhance future operating margins. 
 
 Our principal raw materials and components purchases were approximately 396 million in fiscal 2024 (or 62 of Cost of product sold) and include steel, consisting of rod, wire, bar, structural, and other forms of steel; electric motors; bearings; gear reducers; castings; steel and aluminum enclosures and wire harnesses; electro-mechanical components; and standard variable drives and controls. These commodities are all available from multiple sources. We purchase most of these raw materials and components from a limited number of strategic and preferred suppliers under agreements which are negotiated on a Company-wide basis through our global purchasing group. While we are still experiencing some availability issues for select raw materials and components, we are working with our supply base to prioritize shipments and improve availability of key components. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive and global business environment. We see a variety of opportunities in our markets and geographies, including trends toward automation and increasing labor productivity and the expansion of market opportunities in Asia and other emerging markets. While we execute our long-term growth strategy, we are supported by our strong free cash flow as well as our liquidity position and flexible debt structure. 
 32 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
 Net sales in the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 242,274,000, a decrease of 16,126,000 or 6.2 from the three months ended September 30, 2023 net sales of 258,400,000. Net sales were positively impacted by 3,796,000 due to price increases, offset by 20,169,000 of unfavorable sales volume. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted sales by 247,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Gross profit in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 74,743,000, a decrease of 25,233,000 or 25.2 from the three months ended September 30, 2023 gross profit of 99,976,000. Gross profit margin was 30.9 in the fiscal 2025 second quarter compared to 38.7 in the fiscal 2024 second quarter. The decrease in gross profit was due to start-up costs totaling 2,185,000 related to the Monterrey, Mexico facility, 10,763,000 of asset impairment and other costs related to the closure of our Charlotte Manufacturing Operations and 12,302,000 of lower gross profit due to lower sales volumes. In addition, we incurred 171,000 of additional costs due to Hurricane Helene's impact on one of our facilities and 76,000 of net business realignment costs. These were offset by 97,000 of price increases net of material inflation and other manufacturing costs changes. The translation of foreign currencies had a 167,000 favorable impact on gross profit in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Selling expenses were 26,926,000 and 26,867,000, or 11.1 and 10.4 of net sales, in the fiscal 2025 and 2024 second quarters, respectively. Foreign currency translation had an 18,000 unfavorable impact on selling expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 23,363,000 and 25,709,000, or 9.6 and 9.9 of net sales, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. General and administrative expenses decreased due to lower employee related costs of 3,706,000 compared to the prior year and 508,000 of acquisition deal and integration costs, which did not recur in the three months ended September 30, 2024. These cost decreases were offset by 1,462,000 of start-up costs related to the Monterrey, Mexico facility and 222,000 of current year factory and warehouse consolidation costs. Foreign currency translation had a 22,000 favorable impact on general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Research and development expenses were 6,102,000 and 6,541,000, or 2.5 of net sales, in both the fiscal 2025 and 2024 second quarters. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles was 7,547,000 and 7,508,000 in the fiscal 2025 and 2024 second quarters, respectively, with the fluctuations related to foreign currency during the respective periods. 
 
 Interest and debt expense was 8,352,000 in the second quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10,211,000 in the second quarter ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is a result of a reduction of the Company's long term debt as a result of accelerated principal payments. 
 
 Investment income of 610,000 compared to an investment loss of 88,000 in the second quarter ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Investment income relates to the mark-to-market adjustments on the marketable securities held in the Company s wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary and the Company's equity method investment in EMC, described in Note 6 of the financial statements. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net was 23,806,000 in the second quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 393,000 in the second quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase relates to the non-cash settlement charge of 23,201,000 associated with the termination of one of the Company's U.S. pension plans in the three months ended September 30, 2024, as described in Note 10. 
 
 Income tax as a percentage of the pre-tax loss was 25 and income tax as a percentage of the pre-tax income was 24 in the second quarters ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Typically, these percentages vary from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to varying statutory tax rates at the Company's foreign subsidiaries, and the jurisdictional mix of income for these subsidiaries. 

33 

Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
 Net sales in the six months ended September 30, 2024 were 482,000,000, a decrease of 11,892,000 or 2.4 from the six months ended September 30, 2023 net sales of 493,892,000. Net sales were positively impacted by 7,341,000 due to price increases, 2,655,000 of revenue from the montratec acquisition, offset by 21,542,000 of unfavorable sales volume. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted sales by 346,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Gross profit in the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 163,773,000, a decrease of 22,853,000 or 12.2 from the six months ended September 30, 2023 gross profit of 186,626,000. Gross profit margin was 34.0 compared to 37.8 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The decrease in gross profit was due to start-up costs totaling 3,810,000 related to the Monterrey, Mexico facility, 10,763,000 of asset impairment and other costs related to the closure of our Charlotte Manufacturing Operations, 12,105,000 due to lower sales volume, 272,000 of net business realignment costs, and we incurred 171,000 of additional costs due to Hurricane Helene's impact on one of our facilities. These decreases were offset by 3,539,000 of price increases net of material inflation and other manufacturing costs changes and 799,000 as a result of the acquisition of montratec. The translation of foreign currencies had a 70,000 unfavorable impact on gross profit in the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Selling expenses were 54,696,000 and 51,848,000, or 11.3 and 10.5 of net sales, in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Selling expenses increased by 909,000 related to the montratec acquisition, 802,000 primarily related to trade show and travel costs including the Company's strategic partner conference that was not held in the prior year and 635,000 of net factory and warehouse consolidation costs. The remaining increase is due to higher employee related costs during the six months ended September 30, 2024. Foreign currency translation had a 80,000 favorable impact on selling expenses in the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 49,810,000 and 53,152,000, or 10.3 and 10.8 of net sales, in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. General and administrative expenses decreased by 3,095,000 related to prior year acquisition deal related costs which did not recur and 1,227,000 of lower net headquarter relocation costs compared to the prior year. Additionally, the Company had lower stock based compensation costs of 842,000 compared to the prior year. These cost decreases were offset by 3,314,000 of start-up costs related to the Monterrey, Mexico facility, 694,000 from the montratec acquisition and 222,000 of current year factory and warehouse consolidation costs. The remaining decrease is due to lower employee related costs during the six months ended September 30, 2024. Foreign currency translation had a 62,000 favorable impact on general and administrative expenses in the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Research and development expenses were 12,268,000 and 12,442,000, or 2.5 of net sales, in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles was 15,047,000 and 14,385,000 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, with fluctuation attributable to foreign currency translation. 
 
 Interest and debt expense was 16,587,000 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 18,836,000 in the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is a result of a reduction in the Company's long term debt as a result of accelerated principal payments. 
 
 Investment income of 819,000 compared to 454,000 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and six months ended September 30, 2023. Investment income relates to the mark-to-market adjustments on the marketable securities held in the Company s wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary and the Company's equity method investment in EMC, described in Note 6 of the financial statements. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net was 24,484,000 compared to 605,000 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase primarily relates to the non-cash settlement charge of 23,201,000 associated with the termination of one of the Company's U.S. pension plans in six months ended September 30, 2024, described in Note 10 of the financial statements 
 
 Income tax as a percentage of the pre-tax loss was 19 and income tax as a percentage of the pre-tax income was 25 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Typically, these percentages vary from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to varying statutory tax rates at the Company's foreign subsidiaries, and the jurisdictional mix of income for these subsidiaries. 
 
 34 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled 55,933,000 at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 58,443,000 from the March 31, 2024 balance of 114,376,000. 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 Net cash used for operating activities was 1,370,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 558,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Net loss of 6,414,000 along with non-cash adjustments to net loss of 47,222,000 contributed to cash used for operations. The non-cash adjustments included 24,028,000 of depreciation and amortization, 23,201,000 related to the settlement of one of the Company's pension plans, 5,202,000 of non-cash lease expense, 4,175,000 of stock-based compensation, and 3,268,000 related to the impairment of Charlotte Manufacturing Operation's lease. Changes in working capital reduced cash from operations by 38,472,000 as a result of an increase of 12,277,000 in inventories, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 11,714,000, a decrease of 10,711,000 in trade payables and a decrease in accrued expenses of 6,154,000, offset by a decrease in trade accounts receivable of 2,384,000. The increase in inventories relates to purchases required for expected future customer demand. Cash used for operations also included a decrease of 3,889,000 in other non-current liabilities primarily due to lease payments for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 8,908,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 119,029,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The use of cash for the six months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of 10,068,000 in capital expenditures. In the six months ended September 30, 2023, the most significant use of cash in the period related to the Company's purchase of montratec for 108,145,000. 
 
 Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 47,839,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and net cash provided by financing activities was 85,794,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The most significant uses of cash were for 30,326,000 in debt repayments, a 6,711,000 payment to the former owners of montratec for the contingent consideration agreement (refer to Note 2 for additional information), 4,945,000 of shares repurchased as treasury stock during the quarter and a 4,038,000 dividend payment in the quarter. Cash flows from hedging activities related to the Company's cross currency swap are classified as financing activities in the Statement of Cash Flows which resulted in a net cash inflow of 53,000 during the six months ended September 30, 2024. In the six months ended September 30, 2023, the significant source of cash was 120,000,000 in gross proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, which was used to fund the montratec acquisition. 
 
 We believe that our cash on hand, cash flows, and borrowing capacity under our Amended and Restated Credit Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations and debt obligations, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. This belief is dependent upon successful execution of our current business plan and effective working capital utilization. No material restrictions exist in accessing cash held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. We expect to meet our funding needs with cash provided by our U.S. operations, as well as by repatriating non-U.S. cash. We do not expect to incur significant incremental U.S. taxes as we repatriate funds. As of September 30, 2024, 44,387,000 of cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Refer to Note 9 for further discussion of the Company's long-term debt and financing costs. 

Capital Expenditures 
 
 In addition to keeping our current equipment and plants properly maintained, we are committed to replacing, enhancing and upgrading our property, plant and equipment to support new product development, improve productivity and customer responsiveness, reduce production costs, increase flexibility to respond effectively to market fluctuations and changes, meet environmental requirements, enhance safety and promote ergonomically correct work stations. Consolidated capital expenditures for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were 10,068,000 and 10,319,000, respectively. We expect capital expenditure spending in fiscal 2025 to range from 20,000,000 to 25,000,000. 
 
 35 

Inflation and Other Market Conditions 
 
 Our costs are affected by inflation in the U.S. economy and, to a lesser extent, in non-U.S. economies including those of Europe, Canada, Mexico, South America, and Asia-Pacific. We do not believe that general inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations over the periods presented despite rising inflation due to our ability to pass on rising costs through price increases. In the past we have experienced higher raw material, freight, and logistics costs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which we have been able to recover with pricing actions. In the future, we may not be able to pass on similar cost increases to our customers. 

Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually and more frequently whenever events occur or circumstances change that indicate there may be impairment. These events or circumstances could include a significant long-term adverse change in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance, or a sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. 
 
 We test goodwill at the reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segment. We identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components of our operating segment constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. We also aggregate components that have similar economic characteristics into single reporting units (for example, similar products and / or services, similar long-term financial results, product processes, classes of customers, etc.). We have three reporting units: the Linear Motion Products reporting unit, the Rest of Products reporting unit, and the Precision Conveyance reporting unit, which have goodwill totaling 9,699,000, 310,300,000, and 397,983,000, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We currently do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its applicable carrying value. Additionally, we currently do not believe that we have any significant impairment indicators or that any of our reporting units with goodwill are at risk of failing Step One of the goodwill impairment test. However, if the projected long-term revenue growth rates, profit margins, or terminal growth rates are significantly lower, and/or the estimated weighted-average cost of capital is considerably higher, future testing may indicate impairment of one or more of the Company s reporting units and, as a result, the related goodwill may be impaired. 
 
 Refer to our 2024 10-K for additional information regarding our annual goodwill impairment process. 

Seasonality and Quarterly Results 
 
 Quarterly results may be materially affected by the timing of large customer orders, periods of high vacation and holiday concentrations, legal settlements, gains or losses in our portfolio of marketable securities, restructuring charges, favorable or unfavorable foreign currency translation, divestitures and acquisitions. Therefore, the operating results for any particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any subsequent fiscal quarter or for the full fiscal year. 

Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Information regarding the effects of new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 36 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 There have been no material changes in the market risks as previously disclosed in the 2024 10-K. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer (the Company's principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (the Company's principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. These disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is made known to them on a timely basis, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 There have been no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

37 

Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 There have been no material developments from the legal proceedings as previously disclosed in the 2024 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 and the notes to the consolidated financial statements thereto. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in the 2024 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchase of common stock of the Company made during the three months ended September 30, 2024 by the Company: 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) 1 
 July 1 - 30, 2024 August 1 - 31, 2024 September 1 - 30, 2024 143,734 34.41 143,734 14,055 Total 143,734 34.41 143,734 14,055 
 1 The Company publicly announced on March 26, 2019 that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization for up to 20 million of shares of common stock of Columbus McKinnon Corporation, with no expiration. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 14 million remains available to repurchase shares of common stock under the current share repurchase authorization plan. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 38 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 32 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 101 The financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the six months ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page Inline XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

39 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: October 30, 2024 /S/ GREGORY P. RUSTOWICZ Gregory P. Rustowicz Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3119302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, David J. Wilson, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Columbus McKinnon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 S DAVID J. WILSON David J. Wilson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3129302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Gregory P. Rustowicz, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Columbus McKinnon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 S GREGORY P. RUSTOWICZ Gregory P. Rustowicz Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit329302024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Columbus McKinnon Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 S DAVID J. WILSON David J. Wilson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 S GREGORY P. RUSTOWICZ Gregory P. Rustowicz Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cmco-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cmco-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cmco-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cmco-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cmco-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

