<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_889331_0000889331-24-000191.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10042109</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114516</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1545494</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4076655</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2084262</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1988520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000889331-24-000191.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030132405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000889331-24-000191
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		241408991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8755 WEST HIGGINS ROAD
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631
		BUSINESS PHONE:		773-628-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8755 WEST HIGGINS ROAD
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000889331-24-000191.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 lfus-20240928.htm
 10-Q

lfus-20240928 
 
 Table of Contents 

 United States 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 
 Commission file number 
 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered Global Select Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): [X] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No ] 
 
 As of October 25, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock, net of Treasury Shares. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and December 30, 2023 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 (unaudited) and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 42 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 45 

2 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (Note 1) Short-term investments Trade receivables, less allowances of and at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories (Note 3) Prepaid income taxes and income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Net property, plant, and equipment (Note 4) Intangible assets, net of amortization (Note 5) Goodwill (Note 5) Investments Deferred income taxes Right of use lease assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities (Note 6) Accrued income taxes Current portion of long-term debt (Note 8) Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion (Note 8) Deferred income taxes Accrued post-retirement benefits Non-current lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) per share: shares authorized; shares issued, September 28, 2024 ; December 30, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Littelfuse, Inc. shareholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands, except per share data) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Amortization of intangibles Restructuring, impairment, and other charges Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Foreign exchange loss Other income, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares and equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Defined benefit pension plan and other adjustments, net of tax ) ) Cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Deferred revenue ) Impairment charges Stock-based compensation (Gain) loss on investments and other assets ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) Inventories Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities and income taxes ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Net proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, and other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayments of other debts ) ) Payments of term loan ) ) Net proceeds related to stock-based award activities Repurchases of common stock ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplementary Cash Flow Information Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Cash paid during the period for interest Capital expenditures, not yet paid 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Littelfuse, Inc. Shareholders Equity (in thousands, except share and per share data) Common Stock Addl. Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Accum. Other Comp. Loss Retained Earnings Non-controlling Interest Total Balance at December 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchases of common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock, with excise tax ) ) Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at June 29, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive gain, net of tax Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) ) ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Excise tax adjustment on stock options exercised Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Littelfuse, Inc. Shareholders Equity (in thousands, except share and per share data) Common Stock Addl. Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Accum. Other Comp. Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non-controlling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) Withheld shares on restricted share units for withholding taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Cash dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 countries, and with approximate l y g lob al associates, the Company partners with customers to design and deliver innovative, reliable solutions. Serving over end customers, the Company s products are found in a variety of industrial, transportation and electronics end markets everywhere, every day. 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 Revenue Disaggregation 
 
 Electronics Passive Products and Sensors Commercial Vehicle Products Passenger Car Products Automotive Sensors Industrial Products Total 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Electronics Passive Products and Sensors Commercial Vehicle Products Passenger Car Products Automotive Sensors Industrial Products Total 
 
 See Note 14, Segment Information, for net sales by segment and country. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

11 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 million Euro, of which a million Euro down payment (approximately million) recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The down payment was paid in the third quarter of 2023 after regulatory approvals, and approximately million Euro will be paid at closing. The transaction is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s fiscal year 2024 financial results and will be reported in the Electronics-Semiconductor business within the Company s Electronics segment. 
 
 Western Automation 
 
 On February 3, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Western Automation Research and Development Limited Western Automation for approximately million in cash. Headquartered in Galway, Ireland, Western Automation is a designer and manufacturer of electrical shock protection devices used across a broad range of high-growth end markets, including e-Mobility off-board charging infrastructure, industrial safety and renewables. At the time the Company and Western Automation entered into the definitive agreement, Western Automation had annualized sales of approximately million. The business is reported within the Company s Industrial segment. 
 
 The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. The total purchase consideration of million, net of cash acquired, has been allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as of the completion of the acquisition, based on estimated fair values. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Allocation of consideration to assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Trade receivables Inventories Other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Other long-term assets Current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) 
 
 All Western Automation assets and liabilities were recorded in the Industrial segment and are primarily reflected in the Europe geographic area. The goodwill resulting from this acquisition consists largely of the Company s expected future product sales and synerg ies from combining Western Automation s products and technology with the Company s existing Industrial products portfolio. Goodwill resulting from the Western Automation acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred approximately million of legal and professional fees related to the Western Automation acquisition recognized as Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Net Income. These costs were reflected as other non-segment costs. 
 
 Pro Forma Results 
 
 Income before income taxes Net income Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted 
 
 ) Transaction costs (b) ) Income tax benefit (expense) of above items ) 
 
 (a) The amortization adjustment for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily reflects incremental amortization resulting from the measurement of intangibles at their fair values. 
 (b) The transaction cost adjustments reflect the reversal of certain legal and professional fees from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventory reserves ) ) Total 

4. 
 Building and building improvements Machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

5. 
 Accumulated impairment losses as of December 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Total Changes during 2024: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Net goodwill as of September 28, 2024 
 Gross goodwill as of September 28, 2024 
 Accumulated impairment losses as of September 28, 2024 
 ) ) ) Total 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Patents, licenses, and software Distribution network Customer relationships, trademarks, and tradenames Total 
 
 December 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Gross Carrying Value 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 
 Net Book 
 Value 
 Land use rights Patents, licenses, and software Distribution network Customer relationships, trademarks, and tradenames Total 
 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of million and million, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 

15 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Current lease liability Other non-income taxes Interest Professional services Other customer reserves Restructuring liability Current hedge liability Deferred revenue Current benefit liability Other Total 
 
 Employee-related liabilities consist primarily of payroll, sales commissions, bonus, employee benefit accruals and workers compensation. Bonus accruals include amounts earned pursuant to the Company s primary employee incentive compensation plans. Other accrued liabilities include miscellaneous operating accruals and other customer-related liabilities. 

7. 
 
 Other restructuring charges Total restructuring charges Impairment Total 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Electronics Transportation Industrial Total Electronics Transportation Industrial Total Employee terminations Other restructuring charges Total restructuring charges Impairment Total 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, primarily for employee termination costs. These charges primarily related to the reorganization of certain manufacturing, selling and administrative functions within the semiconductor business in the Electronics segment and the reorganization of certain selling and administrative functions within the commercial vehicle business in the Transportation segment. In addition, during the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a million impairment charge related to certain machinery and equipment in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. 
 
 2023 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded total restructuring charges of million and million, respectively, primarily for employee termination costs. These charges primarily related to the reorganization of certain manufacturing, selling and administrative functions within the Transportation segment s commercial vehicle business, and the reorganization of certain selling and administrative functions within the Electronics segment due to the C K Switches acquisition. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million impairment charge substantially related to certain patents in a business within the Industrial segment. In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million impairment charge related to the land and building of a property in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment that the Company made the decision to donate. 
 
 The restructuring reserves as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 are million and million, respectively. The restructuring liability is included within Accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company anticipates the remaining payments associated with employee terminations will primarily be completed in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. 

8. 
 Term loan Euro Senior Notes, Series B due 2028 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2027 U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due 2025 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2030 U.S. Senior Notes, due 2032 Other Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan 
 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company amended and restated its Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020 (the Credit Agreement to effect certain changes, including, among other changes: (i) adding a million unsecured term loan credit facility; (ii) making certain financial and non-financial covenants less restrictive on the Company and its subsidiaries; (iii) replacing LIBOR-based interest rate benchmarks and modifying performance-based interest rate margins; and (iv) extending the maturity date to June 30, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company may, from time to time, increase the size of the revolving credit facility or enter into one or more tranches of term loans in minimum increments of million if there is no event of default and the Company is in compliance with certain financial covenants. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 to , plus a SOFR adjustment of or at the bank s Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus to , based upon the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company is also required to pay commitment fees on unused portions of the Credit Facility ranging from to , based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement includes representations, covenants and events of default that are customary for financing transactions of this nature. 
 
 Under the Credit Agreement, revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the Maturity Date, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. The Company borrowed million under a term loan on June 30, 2022. The principal balance of the term loans must be repaid in quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter in the amount of million commencing September 30, 2022, through June 30, 2024, and in the amount of million commencing September 30, 2024, through March 31, 2027, with the remaining outstanding principal balance payable in full on the Maturity Date. Accrued interest on the loans is payable in arrears on each interest payment date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified in the Credit Agreement. Subject to certain conditions, (i) the Company may terminate or reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, as defined in the Credit Agreement, in whole or in part, and (ii) the Company may prepay the revolving loans or the term loans at any time, without premium or penalty. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company made payments of million on its term loan. The revolving loan and term loan balance under the Credit Facility was million and million, respectively, as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 On May 12, 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage interest rate risk exposure, effectively converting the interest rate on the Company's SOFR based floating-rate loans to a fixed-rate. The interest rate swap, with a notional value of million, was designated as a cash flow hedge against the variability of cash flows associated with the Company's SOFR based loans scheduled to mature on June 30, 2027. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the effective interest rate on unhedged portion of the outstanding borrowings under the credit facility was , and on the hedged portion. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility and had million of borrowing capacity available under the revolving credit facility. As of September 28, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On December 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in series. The funding date for the Euro denominated senior notes occurred on December 8, 2016 for million in aggregate amount of Senior Notes, Series A, due December 8, 2023 Euro Senior Notes, Series A due 2023 ), and million in aggregate amount of Senior Notes, Series B due December 8, 2028 Euro Senior Notes, Series B due 2028 (together, the Euro Senior Notes ). During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company paid off million of Euro Senior Notes, Series A due on December 8, 2023. Interest on the Euro Senior Notes due 2028 is payable semiannually on June 8 and December 8, commencing June 8, 2017. 
 
 On December 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in series. On February 15, 2017, million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series A, due February 15, 2022 U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due 2022 ), and million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series B, due February 15, 2027 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2027 were funded. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid off million of U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due on February 15, 2022. Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2027 is payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15, commencing August 15, 2017. 
 
 On November 15, 2017, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes in series. On January 16, 2018, million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series A, due February 15, 2025 U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due 2025 and million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series B, due February 15, 2030 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2030 (together, the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030 were funded. Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030 is payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2018. 
 
 On May 18, 2022, the above note purchase agreements were amended to, among other things, update certain terms, including financial covenants to be consistent with the terms of the restated Credit Agreement and the 2022 Purchase Agreement, as defined below. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, due June 30, 2032 U.S. Senior Notes, due 2032 (together with the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030, the Euro Senior Notes and the U.S. Senior Notes due 2022 and 2027, the Senior Notes ). Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2032 is payable semiannually on June 30 and December 30, commencing on December 30, 2022. 
 
 The Senior Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. The Senior Notes are general unsecured senior obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. 
 
 The Senior Notes are subject to certain customary covenants, including limitations on the Company s ability, with certain exceptions, to engage in mergers, consolidations, asset sales and transactions with affiliates, to engage in any business that would substantially change the general business of the Company, and to incur liens. In addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial covenants and tests relating to, among other matters, interest coverage and leverage. As of September 28, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Senior Notes. 
 
 The Company may redeem the Senior Notes upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and the payment of a make-whole amount to note holders and are required to offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at par following certain events, including a change of control. 
 
 Interest paid on all Company debt was million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

9. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and a weighted-average floor of . The August 2024 collars mature in September 2025 at a weighted-average ceiling of and a weighted-average floor of . If the spot rate is between the weighted-average ceiling and floor rates on the date of maturity, then the Company would not owe or receive any payments under these collars. The Company plans to continue executing zero cost collars with 14-month rolling maturities as an ongoing strategy to hedge peso-denominated manufacturing expenses. 
 
 The fair value of the collars was determined using an independent third-party valuation model. Pursuant to this model, changes in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the underlying transactions are recognized in earnings. For the three months ended September 28, 2024 , the Company recorded a pre-tax unrealized loss on the collars of million. The Company estimates that approximately million of pre-tax losses currently recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be recognized in earnings over the next 12 months. The amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income will be reclassified to earnings should the hedge no longer be considered effective. No amount of ineffectiveness was included in net income for the three months ended September 28, 2024. The Company will continue to assess the effectiveness of the hedge on an ongoing basis. The primary inputs into the valuation of the collars are interest yield curves, interest rate volatilities, foreign exchange rates, foreign exchange volatilities, credit risk, credit spreads and other market information. The collars are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, since all significant inputs are corroborated by market observable data. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 
 On May 12, 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage interest rate risk exposure, effectively converting the interest rate on the Company's SOFR based floating-rate loans to a fixed-rate. The interest rate swap, with a notional value of million, was designated as a cash flow hedge against the variability of cash flows associated with the Company's SOFR based loans scheduled to mature on June 30, 2027. The fair value of the interest rate swap was valued using an independent third-party valuation model. Pursuant to this model, c hanges in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss u ntil the underlying transactions are recognized in earnings. For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 , the Company recorded a pre-tax unrealized loss on the interest rate swap of million and million, respectively. The Company estimates that approximately million of pre-tax gain currently recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be recognized in earnings over the next 12 months. The primary inputs into the valuation of the interest rate swap are interest yield curves, interest rate volatility, credit risk, credit spreads and other market information. The interest rate swap is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, since all significant inputs are corroborated by market observable data. 
 
 The use of derivatives creates exposure to credit risk relating to potential losses that could be recognized in the event that the counterparties to these instruments fail to perform their obligations under the contracts. The Company seeks to minimize this risk by limiting its counterparties to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings and monitoring the total value of positions with individual counterparties. In the event of a default by one of its counterparties, the Company may not receive payments provided for under the terms of its derivatives. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 On July 14, 2022, the Company entered into a foreign currency exchange forward contract to mitigate the currency fluctuation risk between the Euro and U.S. dollar on its Euro denominated Senior Notes, Series A due 2023. The notional value of the forward contract at July 14, 2022 was million and expired on December 7, 2023 with the final settlement value of million which the Company used to convert USD to Euro to pay down the million of Euro Senior Notes, Series A due 2023. The foreign currency contract was not designated as a hedge instrument and was marked to market on a monthly basis. As a result, changes in fair value during 2023 were reported in Foreign exchange gain in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The fair value of the foreign currency forward contract was valued using market exchange rates by a third party and classified as a Level 2 input under the fair value hierarchy. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Other long-term assets Zero cost collar agreement: Designated as cash flow hedge Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Zero cost collar agreement Cost of sales Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange forward contract Foreign exchange loss 

The pre-tax losses (gains) recognized on derivative financial instruments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate swap agreement ) ) Zero cost collar agreement 
 
 Mutual Funds 
 
 The Company has a non-qualified Supplemental Retirement and Savings Plan which provides additional retirement benefits for certain management employees and named executive officers by allowing participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation. The Company maintains accounts for participants through which participants make investment elections. The marketable securities are classified as Level 1 under the fair value hierarchy as they are maintained in mutual funds with readily determinable fair value and recorded in Other long-term assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in equity securities Mutual funds Total 
 
 The following table presents assets measured at fair value by classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December 30, 2023: 
 Fair Value Measurements Using (in thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Cash equivalents Investments in equity securities Mutual funds Total 
 
 In addition to the methods and assumptions used for the financial instruments recorded at fair value as discussed above, the following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of other financial instruments that are not marked to market on a recurring basis. The Company s other financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable and its long-term debt. Due to their short-term maturity, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and accounts receivable approximate their fair values. The Company s revolving and term loan debt facilities' fair values approximate book value at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, as the rates on these borrowings are variable in nature. 
 
 USD Senior Notes, Series B due 2027 USD Senior Notes, Series A due 2025 USD Senior Notes, Series B due 2030 USD Senior Notes, due 2032 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service and net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 The Company expects to make approximately million of contributions to the plans and pay million of benefits directly in 2024. 
 
 On October 4, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to purchase a group annuity contract, under which an insurance company will be required to pay pension payments to the Company s United Kingdom pension plan to match required pension payments until a later buyout, at which point the insurance company will directly pay and administer the benefits to the plan's participants, or to their designated beneficiaries. The purchase of this group annuity contract will reduce the Company s outstanding pension benefit obligation by approximately million, representing approximately of the total obligations of the Company s qualified pension plans, and will be funded with pension plan assets and additional cash on hand. In connection with this transaction, the Company currently expects to record a one-time non-cash settlement charge in 2026 estimated between million and million, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan. The actual settlement charge could differ from this estimate due to final data and plan wind-up expenses. 
 
 The Company also sponsors certain post-employment plans in foreign countries and other statutory benefit plans. The Company recorded expense of million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, in Cost of sales and Other income, net within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The pre-tax (gains) losses amount recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) as components of net periodic benefit costs for these plans were million and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and ) million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 ) ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (a) ) ) ) Total change in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Pre-tax Tax Net of Tax Pre-tax Tax Net of Tax Defined benefit pension plan and other adjustments ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (a) ) ) ) Total change in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The tax shown above within the foreign currency translation adjustments is the U.S. tax associated with the foreign currency translation adjustments of earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries which have been previously taxed in the U.S. and are not permanently reinvested. ) ) Activity in the period ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 (in thousands) Defined benefit pension plan and other adjustments Cash flow hedges Foreign currency translation adjustment Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Activity in the period ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to e arnings for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Pension and postemployment plans: Amortization of prior service and net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) 
 
 The Company recognizes the amortization of prior service costs in Other income, net within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 
 and , respectively, compared to the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of and , respectively. The effective tax rates for 2024 are higher than the effective tax rates for the comparable 2023 periods primarily due to decreases in the income earned in lower tax jurisdictions in 2024 as compared to 2023. 

13. 
 Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Earnings Per Share: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 Potential shares of common stock relating to stock options and restricted share units are excluded from the earnings per share calculation because their effect would be anti-dilutive were and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million in the aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under a program for the period May 1, 2021 to April 30, 2024 ("2021 program"). On April 25, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new three year program to repurchase up to million in the aggregate of shares of the Company's stock for the period May 1, 2024 to ("2024 program") to replace the expired 2021 program. The Company did t repurchase shares of its common stock for the three months ended September 28, 2024. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock totaling million, of which, million was pursuant to the 2021 program and million was pursuant to the 2024 program. The Company did t repurchase shares of its common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 operating segments. The Company does not report inter-segment revenue because the operating segments do not record it. Certain expenses, determined by the CODM to be strategic in nature and not directly related to segments current results, are not allocated but identified as Other . Additionally, the Company does not allocate interest and other income, interest expense, or taxes to operating segments. These costs are not allocated to the segments, as management excludes such costs when assessing the performance of the segments. Although the CODM uses operating income (loss) to evaluate the segments, operating costs included in one segment may benefit other segments. Except as discussed above, the accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for the Company as a whole. 
 
 Electronics Segment : Consists of one of the broadest product offerings in the industry, including fuses and fuse accessories, positive temperature coefficient PTC resettable fuses, electromechanical switches and interconnect solutions, polymer electrostatic discharge ESD suppressors, varistors, reed switch based magnetic sensing, gas discharge tubes; semiconductor products such as discrete transient voltage suppressor TVS diodes, TVS diode arrays, protection and switching thyristors, silicon and silicon carbide metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistors MOSFETs and diodes; and insulated gate bipolar transistors IGBT technologies. The segment covers a broad range of end markets, including industrial motor drives and power conversion, automotive electronics, electric vehicle and related charging infrastructure, aerospace, power supplies, data centers and telecommunications, medical devices, alternative energy and energy storage, building and home automation, appliances, and mobile electronics. 
 
 Transportation Segment: Consists of a wide range of circuit protection, power control and sensing technologies for global original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), Tier-one suppliers and parts and aftermarket distributors in passenger vehicle, heavy-duty truck and bus, off-road and recreational vehicles, material handling equipment, agricultural machinery, construction equipment and other commercial vehicle end markets. Passenger vehicle products are used in internal combustion engine, hybrid and electric vehicles including blade fuses, battery cable protectors, resettable fuses, high-current fuses, high-voltage fuses, and sensor products designed to monitor the occupant s safety and environment as well as the vehicle s powertrain. Commercial vehicle products include fuses, switches, circuit breakers, relays, and power distribution modules and units used in applications serving a number of end markets, including heavy-duty truck and bus, construction, agriculture, material handling and marine. 
 
 Industrial Segment: Consists of industrial circuit protection (industrial fuses), protective and monitoring relays (protection relays, residual current devices and monitors, ground fault circuit interrupters, and arc fault detection devices), and industrial controls and sensors (contactors, transformers, and temperature sensors) for use in various applications such as renewable energy and energy storage systems, industrial safety, factory automation, electr ic vehicle infrastructure, HVAC systems, non-residential construction, MRO, and mining. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Transportation Industrial Total net sales Depreciation and amortization Electronics Transportation Industrial Total depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) Electronics Transportation Industrial Other (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Total operating income Interest expense Foreign exchange loss Other income, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 
 (a) Included in Other Operating income for the third quarter of 2024 includes million million year-to-date) of restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination cost, and million million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a million impairment charge related to certain machinery and equipment in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a gain of million related to the sale of a land use right within the Electronics segment. In addition, the Company recognized a gain of million for the sale of buildings within the Transportation segment during the first half of 2024. 
 
 Included in Other Operating income for the third quarter of 2023 was million million year-to-date) of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee termination costs, and million million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million impairment charge substantially related to certain patents in a business within the Industrial segment. In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million impairment charge related to the land and building in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

China Other countries (a) 
 Total net sales 
 
 The Company s long-lived assets represent net property, plant, and equipment, and are classified according to the country where the asset is located were as follows: 
 (in thousands) September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Long-lived assets United States China Mexico Germany Philippines Other countries Total long-lived assets 
 
 The Company s additions to long-lived assets by country were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Additions to long-lived assets United States China Mexico Germany Philippines Other countries Total additions to long-lived assets 
 
 (a) Each country included in other countries is less than 10 of net sales. 

15. 

28 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 of the outstanding equity of Powersem GmbH Powersem ), a module manufacturer based in Germany. 
 
 EB-Tech Co., Ltd.: The Company owns approximately of the outstanding equity of EB Tech Co., Ltd. EB Tech ), a company with expertise in radiation technology based in South Korea. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 of the outstanding common shares of Automated Technology (Phil), Inc. ATEC ), a supplier located in the Philippines that provides assembly and test services. One member of the Company's executive officers serves on the Board of Directors of ATEC. 
 
 Purchase material/service from related party Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Powersem EB-Tech ATEC Powersem EB Tech ATEC Sales to related party Purchase material/service from related party September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 (in millions) Powersem EB Tech ATEC Powersem EB Tech ATEC Accounts receivable balance Accounts payable balance 

30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 PSLRA ). 
 
 Certain statements in this section and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws and are entitled to the safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA. These statements include statements regarding the Company s future performance, as well as management's expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans, estimates or projections relating to the future. Such statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects," "may," "estimates," "will," "should," "plans" or "anticipates" or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. The Company cautions that forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those indicated or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to general economic conditions; product demand and market acceptance; economic conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; product quality problems or product recalls; capacity and supply difficulties or constraints; coal mining exposures reserves; cybersecurity matters; failure of an indemnification for environmental liability; exchange rate fluctuations; commodity price fluctuations; the effect of the Company's accounting policies; labor disputes and shortages; restructuring costs in excess of expectations; pension plan asset returns less than assumed; uncertainties related to political or regulatory changes; integration of acquisitions may not be achieved in a timely manner, or at all; limited realization of the expected benefits from investment and strategic plans; and other risks that may be detailed in Item 2 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 3 , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of Part I and Item 1 , Legal Proceedings and Item 1A , Risk Factors of Part II of this Report, as well as Item 1A . "Risk Factors" and Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of Part II of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023, and the Company's other filings and submissions with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances, new information or otherwise. . 
 
 This report, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, should be read in conjunction with information provided in the consolidated financial statements and the related Notes thereto appearing in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is designed to provide information that is supplemental to, and should be read together with, the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Information in MD A is intended to assist the reader in obtaining an understanding of (i) the consolidated financial statements, (ii) the changes in certain key items within those financial statements from year-to-year, (iii) the primary factors that contributed to those changes, and (iv) any changes in known trends or uncertainties that the Company is aware of and that may have a material effect on future performance. In addition, MD A provides information about the Company s segments and how the results of those segments impact the results of operations and financial condition as a whole. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Overview 
 
 Founded in 1927, Littelfuse is a diversified, industrial technology manufacturing company empowering a sustainable, connected, and safer world. Across more than 20 countries, and with approximately 16,000 global associates, we partner with customers to design and deliver innovative, reliable solutions. Serving over 100,000 end customers, our products are found in a variety of industrial, transportation and electronics end markets everywhere, every day. 
 
 The Company maintains a network of global laboratories and engineering centers that develop new products and product enhancements, provide customer application support and test products for safety, reliability, and regulatory compliance. The Company conducts its business through three reportable segments: Electronics, Transportation, and Industrial. Within these segments, the Company designs, manufactures and sells components and modules empowering a sustainable, connected, and safer world. Our products protect against electrostatic discharge, power surges, short circuits, voltage spikes and other harmful occurrences, safely and efficiently control power and improve productivity and are used to identify and detect temperature, proximity, flow speed and fluid level in various applications. 

Executive Summary 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Company recognized net sales of 567.4 million, a decrease of 39.7 million, or 6.5 as compared to 607.1 million in the third quarter of 2023 including 0.7 million or 0.1 of favorable changes in foreign exchange rates. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower volume in the Electronics segment. The Company recognized net income of 58.1 million, or 2.32 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 57.8 million, or 2.30 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 207.0 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 313.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to lower cash earnings. 
 
 On October 4, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to purchase a group annuity contract, under which an insurance company will be required to pay pension payments to the Company s United Kingdom pension plan to match required pension payments until a later buyout, at which point the insurance company will directly pay and administer the benefits to the plan's participants, or to their designated beneficiaries. The purchase of this group annuity contract will reduce the Company s outstanding pension benefit obligation by approximately 23 million, representing approximately 31 of the total obligations of the Company s qualified pension plans, and will be funded with pension plan assets and additional cash on hand. In connection with this transaction, the Company currently expects to record a one-time non-cash settlement charge in 2026 estimated between 6 million and 8 million, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan. The actual settlement charge could differ from this estimate due to final data and plan wind-up expenses. 
 
 Risk Related to Market Conditions 
 
 The Company performs its goodwill impairment tests annually on the first day of its fiscal fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. As part of its interim review for indicators of impairment, management analyzed potential changes in value of individual reporting units with goodwill based on each reporting unit s operating results for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to expected results. In addition, management considered how other key assumptions, including discount rates and expected long-term growth rates, used in the last fiscal year s impairment analysis could be impacted by changes in market conditions and economic events. 
 
 Management considered trends in these factors when performing its assessment of whether an interim impairment review was required for any reporting unit. Based on this interim assessment, management concluded that as of September 28, 2024, no events or changes in circumstances indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit had declined below its carrying value. Nevertheless, significant changes in global economic and market conditions could result in changes to expectations of future financial results and key valuation assumptions. Such changes could result in revisions of management s estimates of the fair value of the Company s reporting units and could result in a material impairment of goodwill as of September 29, 2024, the Company s next annual measurement date. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 In particular, the Industrial controls and sensors reporting unit within the Industrial segment is at risk for future impairment if projected operating results are not met or other inputs into the fair value measurement change. The potential reduction in the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is due to lower expectations for future revenue, profitability and cash flows for the Industrial controls and sensors reporting unit as compared to the expectations of the 2023 annual goodwill impairment test driven by lower-than-expected demand in the electric vehicle end market as well as reduced government funding to support charging infrastructures for electric vehicles, primarily in Europe. Continued negative trends could have a significant impact on the estimate fair value of this reporting unit and could result in future impairment charges. As of the October 1, 2023 annual goodwill impairment test, the Industrial controls and sensors reporting unit s estimated fair value exceeded book value by approximately 23 . As of September 28, 2024, the Industrial controls and sensors reporting unit had 157.8 million of goodwill. 
 
 Other Risk 
 
 The Company has been notified by one of its customers of a product recall potentially due to certain fuses provided by Littelfuse and incorporated in such products. The Company is currently working with its customer to investigate the cause and level of responsibility for this recall. The Company has determined pursuant to ASC 450, "Contingencies " that a loss is reasonably possible. However, the Company continues to evaluate this matter and the ultimate costs of the recall and range of the potential loss cannot be determined at this time. Accordingly, no accrual has been made yet for this matter. Factors that will impact the amount of such losses include the per vehicle cost of fuse replacement, the determination of the relative liability among the customer, the Company, and any relevant third parties, as well as actual insurance recoveries . 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations for the periods presented. The third quarter of 2024 includes 1.8 million 9.4 million year-to-date) of restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination cost, and 1.0 million 2.8 million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a 0.9 million impairment charge related to certain machinery and equipment in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a gain of 0.5 million related to the sale of a land use right within the Electronics segment. In addition, the Company recognized a gain of 1.0 million for the sale of two buildings within the Transportation segment during the first half of 2024. 
 
 The third quarter of 2023 includes 3.7 million 8.5 million year-to-date) of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee termination costs, and 1.8 million 9.0 million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a 0.8 million impairment charge substantially related to certain patents in a business within the Industrial segment. In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a 3.9 million impairment charge related to the land and building in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. 
 Third Quarter First Nine Months (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 567,390 607,071 (39,681) (6.5) 1,661,263 1,828,850 (167,587) (9.2) Cost of sales 351,498 380,200 (28,702) (7.5) 1,050,559 1,122,190 (71,631) (6.4) Gross profit 215,892 226,871 (10,979) (4.8) 610,704 706,660 (95,956) (13.6) Operating expenses 128,071 133,226 (5,155) (3.9) 402,425 410,321 (7,896) (1.9) Operating income 87,821 93,645 (5,824) (6.2) 208,279 296,339 (88,060) (29.7) Income before income taxes 77,716 75,295 2,421 3.2 194,564 269,649 (75,085) (27.8) Income taxes 19,658 17,507 2,151 12.3 42,588 53,045 (10,457) (19.7) Net income 58,058 57,788 270 0.5 151,976 216,604 (64,628) (29.8) 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales decreased 39.7 million, or 6.5 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 including 0.7 million or 0.1 of favorable changes in foreign exchange rates. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower volume of 39.7 million in the Electronics segment. 
 
 Net sales decreased 167.6 million, or 9.2 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, including 6.2 million or 0.3 of unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. The sales decrease was primarily due to lower volume of 151.7 million and 10.8 million in the Electronics and Industrial segments, respectively. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales was 351.5 million, or 61.9 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 380.2 million, or 62.6 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2023. As a percent of net sales, cost of sales decreased 0.7 driven by improved margins from all businesses within the Transportation and Industrial segments driven by favorable price, product mix and cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by lower volume in the Electronics segments. 
 
 Cost of sales was 1,050.6 million, or 63.2 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 1,122.2 million, or 61.4 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2023. As a percent of net sales, cost of sales increased 1.8 driven by lower volume in the Electronics and Industrial segments, partially offset by improved margin from all businesses within the Transportation segment driven by favorable price, product mix and cost reduction initiatives. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit was 215.9 million, or 38.1 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 226.9 million, or 37.4 of net sales, for the third quarter of 2023. The 11.0 million decrease in gross profit was primarily due to lower volume in the Electronics segment, partially offset by improved margin from the Transportation and Industrial segments driven by favorable price, product mix and cost reduction initiatives. 
 
 Gross profit was 610.7 million, or 36.8 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 706.7 million, or 38.6 of net sales, for the first nine months of 2023. The 96.0 million decrease in gross profit was primarily due to lower volume in the Electronics and Industrial segments, partially offset by improved margin from the commercial vehicle and passenger car products businesses within the Transportation segment driven by favorable price, product mix and cost reduction initiatives. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses were 128.1 million, or 22.6 of net sales, for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 133.2 million, or 21.9 of net sales, for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating expenses of 5.2 million was primarily due to lower selling, general, and administrative expenses of 3.3 million driven by cost control initiatives and lower restructuring, impairment, and other charges of 2.7 million, partially offset by higher research and development expenses of 1.0 million. 
 
 Operating expenses were 402.4 million, or 24.2 of net sales, for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 410.3 million, or 22.4 of net sales, for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating expenses of 7.9 million was primarily due to lower selling, general, and administrative expenses of 6.7 million as a result of lower legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions, lower restructuring, impairment, and other charges of 2.9 million caused by a 3.9 million impairment charge recognized during the second quarter 2023 related to the land and building of a property within the Transportation segment, and lower amortization expense of 2.4 million, partially offset by higher research and development expenses of 4.0 million. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income was 87.8 million, representing a decrease of 5.8 million, or 6.2 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 93.6 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income was due to lower gross profit from the Electronics segment, partially offset by higher gross profit from the Transportation and Industrial segments. Operating margins increased from 15.4 in the third quarter of 2023 to 15.5 in the third quarter of 2024 driven by improved gross margin in the Transportation and Industrial segments, partially offset by lower volume in the Electronics segment. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income was 208.3 million, representing a decrease of 88.1 million, or 29.7 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 296.3 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income was due to lower gross profit from the Electronics and Industrial segments, partially offset by higher gross profit from the Transportation segment. Operating margins decreased from 16.2 in the first nine months quarter of 2023 to 12.5 in the first nine months of 2024 driven by lower volume in the Electronics segment. 
 
 Income Before Income Taxes 
 
 Income before income taxes was 77.7 million, or 13.7 of net sales, for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 75.3 million, or 12.4 of net sales, for the third quarter of 2023. In addition to the factors impacting comparative results for operating income discussed above, income before income taxes was primarily benefited by unrealized gains of 3.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to unrealized losses of 1.6 million in the third quarter of 2023 related to the Company's equity investment, higher interest income of 2.3 million from short-term investment in cash equivalents, and lower foreign exchange losses of 2.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Income before income taxes was 194.6 million, or 11.7 of net sales, for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 269.6 million, or 14.7 of net sales, for the first nine months of 2023. In addition to the factors impacting comparative results for operating income discussed above, income before income taxes was primarily benefited by higher interest income of 8.2 million from short-term investments in cash equivalents and lower foreign exchange losses of 4.4 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, and unrealized gains of 1.9 million during the first nine months of 2024 compared to unrealized losses of 0.9 million during the first nine months of 2023 related to the Company's equity investment. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 25.3 and 21.9 , compared to the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 23.3 and 19.7 . The effective tax rates for 2024 are higher than the effective tax rates for the comparable 2023 periods primarily due to decreases in the income earned in lower tax jurisdictions in 2024 as compared to 2023. 
 
 The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are higher than the statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange losses with no related tax benefit. Additionally, for the 2024 period, the effective tax rate was also higher due to the proportion of pre-tax income that is earned in higher tax jurisdictions. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 is higher than the statutory tax rate primarily due to the proportion of pre-tax income that is earned in higher tax jurisdictions, partially offset by previously unrecognized tax benefits recognized in the first quarter due to the lapse in the statute of limitations. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is lower than the statutory tax rate primarily due to income earned in lower tax jurisdictions. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 The Company reports its operations by the following segments: Electronics, Transportation and Industrial. Segment information is described more fully in Note 14, Segment Information , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s net sales and operating income by segment: 
 Net Sales Third Quarter First Nine Months (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Electronics 304,188 343,933 (39,745) (11.6) 900,932 1,052,673 (151,741) (14.4) Transportation 171,381 177,019 (5,638) (3.2) 510,711 515,708 (4,997) (1.0) Industrial 91,821 86,119 5,702 6.6 249,620 260,469 (10,849) (4.2) Total 567,390 607,071 (39,681) (6.5) 1,661,263 1,828,850 (167,587) (9.2) 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income Third Quarter First Nine Months (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Electronics 48,891 77,022 (28,131) (36.5) 132,859 247,028 (114,169) (46.2) Transportation 23,485 9,694 13,791 142.3 54,925 26,015 28,910 111.1 Industrial 17,711 13,201 4,510 34.2 32,054 45,450 (13,396) (29.5) Other (a) 
 (2,266) (6,272) 4,006 (11,559) (22,154) 10,595 Total 87,821 93,645 (5,824) (6.2) 208,279 296,339 (88,060) (29.7) 
 
 (a) Included in Other Operating income for the third quarter of 2024 was 1.8 million 9.4 million year-to-date) of restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination cost, and 1.0 million 2.8 million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a 0.9 million impairment charge related to certain machinery and equipment in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a gain of 0.5 million related to the sale of a land use right within the Electronics segment. In addition, the Company recognized a gain of 1.0 million for the sale of two buildings within the Transportation segment during the first half of 2024. 
 
 Included in Other Operating income for the third quarter of 2023 was 3.7 million 8.5 million year-to-date) of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee termination costs, and 1.8 million 9.0 million year-to-date) of legal and professional fees and other integration expenses related to completed and contemplated acquisitions. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a 0.8 million impairment charge substantially related to certain patents in a business within the Industrial segment. In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a 3.9 million impairment charge related to the land and building in the commercial vehicle business within the Transportation segment. See Note 7, Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges, for further discussion. 
 
 Electronics Segment 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales decreased 39.7 million, or 11.6 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and included favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.5 million. The sales decrease was due to lower volume from the semiconductor business resulting in a sales decline of 39.6 million driven by reduced demand across industrial markets and inventory rebalancing at certain distributors. 
 
 Net sales decreased 151.7 million, or 14.4 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 3.0 million. The sales decrease was mainly due to lower volume from the semiconductor business of 129.4 million and to a lesser extent the electronics products business driven by inventory rebalancing at certain distributors and reduced demand across certain electronics markets, including consumer facing and personal electronics, as well as industrial markets. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income was 48.9 million, representing a decrease of 28.1 million, or 36.5 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 77.0 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily from the semiconductor business due to lower volume leverage and unfavorable product mix. Operating margins decreased from 22.4 in the third quarter of 2023 to 16.1 in the third quarter of 2024 primarily due to the lower volume. 
 
 Operating income was 132.9 million, representing a decrease of 114.2 million, or 46.2 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 247.0 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to lower volume leverage and unfavorable product mix that were partially offset by cost control initiatives. Operating margins decreased from 23.5 in the first nine months of 2023 to 14.7 in the first nine months of 2024 primarily due to the lower volume. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Transportation Segment 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales decreased 5.6 million, or 3.2 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and included favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.5 million. The sales decline was primarily due to lower automotive sensors business volume of 5.2 million driven by the strategic exit of certain lower margin products. 
 
 Net sales decreased 5.0 million, or 1.0 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 2.3 million. The sales decrease was mainly driven by lower volume of 9.1 million and 6.4 million from the automotive sensors and the commercial vehicles businesses, respectively, due to the strategic exit of certain lower margin products and reduced demand largely due to inventory rebalancing at certain distributors and customers, partially offset by a sales increase of 10.5 million from the passenger car business driven by the ongoing electronification and electrification of vehicles and vehicle content growth. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income was 23.5 million, representing an increase of 13.8 million, or 142.3 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 9.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily from the commercial vehicle and passenger car businesses due to favorable price and cost reduction initiatives. Operating margins increased from 5.5 in the third quarter of 2023 to 13.7 in the third quarter of 2024 primarily driven by favorable price and products mix and cost reduction initiatives from all businesses. 
 
 Operating income was 54.9 million, representing an increase of 28.9 million, or 111.1 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 26.0 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily due to favorable price and cost reduction initiatives from the commercial vehicle business. Operating margins increased from 5.0 in the first nine months of 2023 to 10.8 in the first nine months of 2024 primarily driven by favorable price and products mix and cost reduction initiatives from the commercial vehicle business. 
 
 Industrial Segment 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales increased by 5.7 million, or 6.6 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, which included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.3 million. The sales increase was due to higher volume from industrial circuit protection and industrial control and sensor products driven by higher end market demand. 
 
 Net sales decreased by 10.8 million, or 4.2 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, which included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.9 million. The sales decrease was due to lower volume across industrial control products driven by softer end market demand in the first half of 2024. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income was 17.7 million, representing an increase of 4.5 million, or 34.2 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 13.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in operating income was driven by higher volume from industrial circuit protection and industrial control and sensor products driven by increased end market demand. Operating margins increased from 15.3 in the third quarter of 2023 to 19.3 in the third quarter of 2024 due to higher volume, product mix and price. 
 
 Operating income was 32.1 million, representing a decrease of 13.4 million, or 29.5 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 45.5 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income was driven by lower volume due to reduced industrial end market demand across industrial control products and industrial circuit protection along with cost inflation. Operating margins decreased from 17.4 in the first nine months of 2023 to 12.8 in the first nine months of 2024 due to lower demand and cost inflation, partially offset by favorable price. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Geographic Net Sales Information 
 
 Net sales by geography represent net sales to customer or distributor locations. The following table is a summary of the Company s net sales by geography: 
 Third Quarter First Nine Months (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Americas 237,951 236,706 1,245 0.5 681,064 698,456 (17,392) (2.5) Asia-Pacific 213,942 235,908 (21,966) (9.3) 621,731 693,611 (71,880) (10.4) Europe 115,497 134,457 (18,960) (14.1) 358,468 436,783 (78,315) (17.9) Total 567,390 607,071 (39,681) (6.5) 1,661,263 1,828,850 (167,587) (9.2) 
 
 Americas 
 
 Net sales increased 1.2 million, or 0.5 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.3 million. The net sales increase was due to higher volume from the Industrial segment, partially offset by lower volume from the Electronics segment compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Net sales decreased 17.4 million, or 2.5 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.5 million. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower volume from the Electronics segment, partially offset by higher volume from the Industrial segment and the commercial vehicle and passenger car products businesses within the Transportation segment compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Asia-Pacific 
 
 Net sales decreased 22.0 million, or 9.3 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 0.5 million. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales from the Electronics and Industrial segments, partially offset by higher net sales from the commercial vehicle and passenger car products businesses within the Transportation segment compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Net sales decreased 71.9 million, or 10.4 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 and included unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 8.1 million. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales from the Electronics and Industrial segments, partially offset by higher net sales from the passenger car products business within the Transportation segment compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Europe 
 
 Net sales decreased 19.0 million, or 14.1 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and included favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 1.5 million. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales from the Electronics and Transportation segments compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Net sales decreased 78.3 million, or 17.9 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 and included favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of 2.4 million. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales from the Electronics segment and lower net sales from the commercial vehicle and automotive sensors businesses within the Transportation segment compared to the first nine months of 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company has historically supported its liquidity needs through cash flows from operations. Management expects that the Company s (i) current level of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, (ii) current and forecasted cash flows from operations, (iii) availability under existing funding arrangements, and (iv) access to capital in the capital markets will provide sufficient funds to support the Company s operations, capital expenditures, investments, and debt obligations on both a short-term and long-term basis. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 629.7 million as of September 28, 2024, an increase of 74.2 million, as compared to December 30, 2023. As of September 28, 2024, 135.5 million of the Company's 629.7 million cash and cash equivalents was held by U.S. subsidiaries. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan 
 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company amended and restated its Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020 (the Credit Agreement to effect certain changes, including, among other changes: (i) adding a 300 million unsecured term loan credit facility; (ii) making certain financial and non-financial covenants less restrictive on the Company and its subsidiaries; (iii) replacing LIBOR-based interest rate benchmarks and modifying performance-based interest rate margins; and (iv) extending the maturity date to June 30, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company may, from time to time, increase the size of the revolving credit facility or enter into one or more tranches of term loans in minimum increments of 25 million if there is no event of default and the Company is in compliance with certain financial covenants. 
 
 Loans made under the available credit facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement ("the Credit Facility") bear interest at the Company s option, at either Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), fixed for interest periods of one, two, three or six-month periods, plus 1.00 to 1.75 , plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 or at the bank s Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus 0.00 to 0.75 , based upon the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company is also required to pay commitment fees on unused portions of the Credit Facility ranging from 0.10 to 0.175 , based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement includes representations, covenants and events of default that are customary for financing transactions of this nature. 
 
 Under the Credit Agreement, revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the Maturity Date, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. The Company borrowed 300.0 million under a term loan on June 30, 2022. The principal balance of the term loans must be repaid in quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter in the amount of 1.9 million commencing September 30, 2022, through June 30, 2024, and in the amount of 3.8 million commencing September 30, 2024, through March 31, 2027, with the remaining outstanding principal balance payable in full on the Maturity Date. Accrued interest on the loans is payable in arrears on each interest payment date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified in the Credit Agreement. Subject to certain conditions, (i) the Company may terminate or reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, as defined in the Credit Agreement, in whole or in part, and (ii) the Company may prepay the revolving loans or the term loans at any time, without premium or penalty. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company made payments of 3.8 million on its term loan. The revolving loan and term loan balance under the Credit Facility was 100.0 million and 285.0 million, respectively, as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 On May 12, 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage interest rate risk exposure, effectively converting the interest rate on the Company's SOFR based floating-rate loans to a fixed-rate. The interest rate swap, with a notional value of 200 million, was designated as a cash flow hedge against the variability of cash flows associated with the Company's SOFR based loans scheduled to mature on June 30, 2027. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the effective interest rate on unhedged portion of the outstanding borrowings under the credit facility was 6.60 , and 4.13 on the hedged portion. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had 0.1 million outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility and had 599.9 million of borrowing capacity available under the revolving credit facility. As of September 28, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On December 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 212 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in two series. The funding date for the Euro denominated senior notes occurred on December 8, 2016 for 117 million in aggregate amount of 1.14 Senior Notes, Series A, due December 8, 2023 Euro Senior Notes, Series A due 2023 ), and 95 million in aggregate amount of 1.83 Senior Notes, Series B due December 8, 2028 Euro Senior Notes, Series B due 2028 (together, the Euro Senior Notes ). During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company paid off 117 million of Euro Senior Notes, Series A due on December 8, 2023. Interest on the Euro Senior Notes due 2028 is payable semiannually on June 8 and December 8, commencing June 8, 2017. 
 
 On December 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 125 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in two series. On February 15, 2017, 25 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.03 Senior Notes, Series A, due February 15, 2022 U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due 2022 ), and 100 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.74 Senior Notes, Series B, due February 15, 2027 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2027 were funded. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid off 25 million of U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due on February 15, 2022. Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2027 is payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15, commencing August 15, 2017. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 On November 15, 2017, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 175 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes in two series. On January 16, 2018, 50 million aggregate principal amount of 3.48 Senior Notes, Series A, due February 15, 2025 U.S. Senior Notes, Series A due 2025 and 125 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.78 Senior Notes, Series B, due February 15, 2030 U.S. Senior Notes, Series B due 2030 (together, the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030 were funded. Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030 is payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2018. 
 
 On May 18, 2022, the above note purchase agreements were amended to, among other things, update certain terms, including financial covenants to be consistent with the terms of the restated Credit Agreement and the 2022 Purchase Agreement, as defined below. 
 
 On May 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement 2022 Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued and funded on July 18, 2022 100 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.33 Senior Notes, due June 30, 2032 U.S. Senior Notes, due 2032 (together with the U.S. Senior Notes due 2025 and 2030, the Euro Senior Notes and the U.S. Senior Notes due 2022 and 2027, the Senior Notes ). Interest on the U.S. Senior Notes due 2032 is payable semiannually on June 30 and December 30, commencing on December 30, 2022. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement and Senior Notes as of September 28, 2024 and currently expects to remain in compliance based on management s estimates of operating and financial results for 2023. As of September 28, 2024, the Company met all the conditions required to borrow under the Credit Agreement and management expects the Company to continue to meet the applicable borrowing conditions. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 On June 28, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire a 200mm wafer fab located in Dortmund, Germany Dortmund Fab from Elmos Semiconductor SE. The acquisition of the Dortmund Fab is expected to close in early fiscal year 2025. The total purchase price for the fab is approximately 93 million Euro, of which a 37.2 million Euro down payment (approximately 40.5 million), recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The down payment was paid in the third quarter of 2023 after regulatory approvals, and approximately 56 million Euro will be paid at closing. The transaction is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s fiscal year 2024 financial results and will be reported in the Electronics-Semiconductor business within the Company s Electronics segment. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024 the Company paid quarterly dividends of 17.4 million to the shareholders. On October 29, 2024, the Company announced the declaration of a quarterly cash dividend of 0.70 per share payable on December 5, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 21, 2024. 

Cash Flow Overview 
 
 First Nine Months (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 206,999 313,140 Net cash used in investing activities (41,134) (261,379) Net cash used in financing activities (91,299) (47,144) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (396) (7,965) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 74,170 (3,348) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 557,123 564,939 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 631,293 561,591 
 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 
 Operating cash inflows are largely attributable to sales of the Company s products. Operating cash outflows are largely attributable to recurring expenditures for raw materials, labor, rent, interest, taxes and other operating activities. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash provided by operating activities was 207.0 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 313.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to lower cash earnings. 
 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 41.1 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 261.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Capital expenditures were 50.1 million, representing a decrease of 13.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company received net proceeds of 9.7 million mainly from the sale of a land use right within the Electronics segment and two buildings from the Transportation segment. Net cash paid for the Western Automation acquisition was 198.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 91.3 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 47.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company made payments of 3.8 million and 5.6 million on the term loan, respectively. The Company paid dividends of 49.7 million and 46.0 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased 179,311 shares of its common stock totaling 40.9 million. 

Share Repurchase Program 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 300.0 million in the aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under a program for the period May 1, 2021 to April 30, 2024 ("2021 program"). On April 25, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new three year program to repurchase up to 300.0 million in the aggregate of shares of the Company's stock for the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2027 ("2024 program") to replace the expired 2021 program. The Company did not repurchase shares of its common stock for the three months ended September 28, 2024. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased 179,311 shares of its common stock totaling 40.9 million, of which 38.9 million was pursuant to the 2021 program and 2.0 million was pursuant to the 2024 program. The Company did not repurchase shares of its common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. Specifically, the Company was not liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties, the Company was not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity and the Company did not have any retained or contingent interest in assets. The Company does not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In connection with the preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and the related disclosures. The assumptions, estimates, and judgments are based on historical experience, current trends, and other factors the Company believes are relevant at the time it prepares the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The significant accounting policies and critical accounting estimates are consistent with those discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Information, to the consolidated financial statements and the MD A section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, there were no significant changes in the application of critical accounting policies and estimates. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk , of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, there have been no material changes in the Company's exposure to market risk. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this report, management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 28, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the quarter ended September 28, 2024, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company may incur material losses and costs as a result of defects in its products, including as a result of warranty claims, product recalls, and product liability. 
 
 The Company has been notified by one of its customers of a product recall potentially due to certain fuses provided by the Company and incorporated in the customer s products. The Company is working with its customer to investigate the cause and level of responsibility for this recall. Given the highly complex products that the Company manufactures, it is possible that those products, including third-party components contained in those products, may contain defects or fail to work properly or as intended when integrated with customer products. This could subject the Company to product liability or warranty claims, which could lead to significant expenses, including recall, repair, and/or replacement costs and, potentially breach of contract or other damage claims, all of which could materially adversely affect the Company s financial results. This is particularly true if the Company does not discover these issues until after the products have been sold and deployed. In addition to expenses directly attributable to product defects, the Company s reputation and ability to attract and retain customers may be harmed. Further, significant warranty and product liability claims may, among other things, result in the need for significant reserves, divert management s and other personnel s attention, cause production delays, impact on-time delivery of products to other customers, reduce margins, and delay recognition of revenues. It is also possible that end users of customers products may make claims against the Company, resulting in additional defense costs and potential damages. Although, the Company generally attempts to limit its liability through standard contract terms and conditions and maintains insurance in connection with product defects and warranty claims, it is possible that the Company may not be able to enforce contractual limitations on damages and/or that a successful claim against the Company may exceed the Company s applicable insurance policy limits or be excluded from coverage. 
 
 Other than the item listed above, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our year ended December 30, 2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 300.0 million in the aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under a program for the period May 1, 2021 to April 30, 2024 ("2021 program"). On April 25, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new three year program to repurchase up to 300.0 million in the aggregate of shares of the Company's stock for the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2027 ("2024 program") to replace the expired 2021 program. The Company did not repurchase shares of its common stock for the three months ended September 28, 2024. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased 179,311 shares of its common stock totaling 40.9 million, of which 38.9 million was pursuant to the 2021 program and 2.0 million was pursuant to the 2024 program. There is 298.0 million of an authorized amount yet purchased under the 2024 program as of September 28, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 or termination of contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities by our Section 16 officers and directors for the three months ended September 28, 2024, each of which is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 Plan ), were as follows: 
 Name Title Action Date Adopted Expiration Date Aggregate # of securities to be Sold Matthew J. Cole (1) Senior Vice President, eMobility and Corporate Strategy Adoption 9/12/2024 3/31/2025 
 
 (1) On , , , entered into a pre-arranged stock trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1. Mr. Cole s plan provided for the potential exercise of vested stock options and the associated sale of up to 1,500 shares of the Company s common stock. The stock options covered by the plan will otherwise expire on if they have not been exercised. The plan expires on March 31, 2025, or upon the earlier completion of all authorized transactions under the plan. 
 
 Other than those disclosed above, of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of David W. Heinzmann, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Meenal A. Sethna, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from LITTELFUSE, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Littelfuse, Inc. By: /s/ Meenal A. Sethna Meenal A. Sethna Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: October 30, 2024 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey G. Gorski Jeffrey G. Gorski Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, David W. Heinzmann, certify that 

1 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Littelfuse Inc. 
 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 30, 2024 s David W. Heinzmann David W. Heinzmann President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Meenal A. Sethna, certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Littelfuse Inc. 
 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated October 30, 2024 s Meenal A. Sethna Meenal A. Sethna Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 LITTELFUSE, INC. 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Littelfuse, Inc. the Company does hereby certify that to his knowledge 
 
 The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s David W. Heinzmann s Meenal A. Sethna David W. Heinzmann Meenal A. Sethna President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated October 30, 2024 Dated October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 lfus-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 lfus-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 lfus-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 lfus-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 lfus-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

