<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1709442_0001709442-24-000074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22483643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2083870</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12625591</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3276271</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3589424</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001709442-24-000074.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108162759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001709442-24-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001709442
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				814552413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42175
		FILM NUMBER:		241441029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 16TH STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		785-827-5565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 16TH STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001709442-24-000074.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 fcb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fcb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File N umber 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 __________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of November 7, 2024, there were approximately shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I - Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 52 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 80 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 Part II - Other Information 
 82 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 82 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 82 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 83 
 Signatures 
 84 
 
 2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, statements relating to the Company s assets, business, cash flows, condition (financial or otherwise), credit quality, financial performance, liquidity, short and long-term performance goals, prospects, results of operations, strategic initiatives, the benefits, cost and synergies of completed acquisitions or dispositions, and the timing, benefits, costs and synergies of future acquisitions, disposition and other growth opportunities, including statements regarding our pending merger with HomeStreet, Inc. HomeStreet ). They are not statements of historical or current fact nor are they assurances of future performance, and they generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, target, estimate, continue, positions, plan, predict, project, forecast, guidance, goal, objective, prospects, possible or potential, by future conditional verbs such as assume, will, would, should, could or may, or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time, are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control and should be viewed with caution. 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 potential fluctuations or unanticipated changes in the interest rate environment, including interest rate changes made by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, and their related impacts on macroeconomic conditions, customer and client behavior, our funding costs, and our loan and securities portfolios, as well as cash flow reassessments may reduce net interest margin and/or the volumes and values of loans made or held as well as the value of other financial assets; 
 changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Federal Reserve; 
 other actions of the Federal Reserve and legislative and regulatory actions and reforms; 
 the potential effects of events beyond our control that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets, economic growth, customer and client behavior and the economy in general, such as inflation and recessions, epidemics and pandemics, terrorist activities, wars and other foreign conflicts, essential utility outages, climate change, deterioration in the global economy, instability in the credit markets, disruptions in our customers supply chains or disruption in transportation; 
 the potential effects of pandemics or public health conditions on the economic and business environments in which we operate, including the impact of actions taken by governmental authorities to address these situations, and the resulting effect of these items on our operations, liquidity and capital position, and on the financial condition of our borrowers and other customers; 
 changes in legislation, regulation, policies or administrative practices, whether by judicial, governmental or legislative action and other changes pertaining to banking, securities, taxation, rent regulation and housing, financial accounting and reporting, environmental protection and insurance and the ability to comply with such changes in a timely manner; 
 the risk that we may be required to make substantial expenditures to keep pace with regulatory initiatives and the rapid technological changes in the financial services market; 
 competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers including non-bank financial technology providers and our ability to attract customers from other financial institutions; 
 any unanticipated or greater than anticipated adverse conditions in the national or local economies in which we operate; 
 our loan concentration in industries or sectors that may experience unanticipated or greater than anticipated adverse conditions than other industries or sectors in the national or local economies in which we operate; 
 increased capital requirements, other regulatory requirements or enhanced regulatory supervision; 
 cyber-security risks and the vulnerability of our network and online banking portals, and the systems or parties with whom we contract, to unauthorized access, cyber attacks, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches that could adversely affect our business and financial performance or reputation; 
 risks with respect to our ability to identify and complete future mergers or acquisitions, including our proposed merger with HomeStreet, as well as our ability to successfully expand and integrate those businesses and operations that we acquire; 
 the failure to close our previously announced merger with HomeStreet when expected or at all because required regulatory approvals, our planned conversion to a Texas state-chartered bank and member of the Federal Reserve System, and other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all, and the risk that 
 3 

any regulatory approvals may result in the imposition of conditions (including additional regulatory burdens that might result from the combined companies having assets in excess of 10 billion) that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed merger; 
 the dilutive effect of shares of FirstSun s common stock to be issued and the related potential effects on our stock price if the proposed merger with HomeStreet is completed; 
 the failure of FirstSun and HomeStreet to agree on an alternative regulatory structure for a combination now that it appears that regulatory approvals will not be received from the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Banking; 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the merger agreement with HomeStreet, including a mutual termination of the merger agreement if it is determined that an alternative structure is not feasible; 
 the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger with HomeStreet, should it occur, including anticipated cost savings and strategic gains, are not realized when expected or at all; 
 the proposed merger with HomeStreet, if it occurs, being more expensive or having taken longer to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; 
 the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities due to the proposed merger with HomeStreet; 
 potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of or the uncertainties resulting from the failure to complete the proposed merger with HomeStreet; 
 changes in FirstSun s or HomeStreet s share price before closing; 
 the risks of expansion into new geographic or product markets; 
 the inability to manage strategic initiatives and/or organizational changes; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees; 
 volatility in the allowance for credit losses resulting from the CECL methodology, either alone or that may be affected by conditions affecting our business; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, practices or guidelines; 
 our reliance on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure and services required to operate our business; 
 the availability of and access to capital; failures of internal controls and other risk management systems; 
 the outcome (including judgments, costs, fines, reputational harm, inability to obtain necessary approvals and/or other negative effects) of pending or threatened litigation or of matters before or involving regulatory agencies, whether currently existing or commencing in the future; 
 losses due to fraudulent or negligent conduct of our customers, third-party service providers or employees; and 
 limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends and other distributions from our bank to our holding company, which could affect our holding company s liquidity, including its ability to pay dividends to shareholders or take other capital actions. 
 We caution readers that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, is not necessarily in order of importance and readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also consider the risks, assumptions and uncertainties set forth under Item 1.A. Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 7, 2024 (our 2023 Annual Report as well as any additional factors that might be reported in future filings that we make with the SEC. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not intend to and disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. 
 4 

Part I - Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 12 
 Note 2 - Securities 
 16 
 Note 3 - Loans 
 20 
 Note 4 - Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 30 
 Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments 
 31 
 Note 6 - Deposits 
 34 
 Note 7 - Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 35 
 Note 8 - Debt 
 35 
 Note 9 - Earnings Per Share 
 37 
 Note 10 - Stockholders' Equity 
 37 
 Note 11 - Income Taxes 
 39 
 Note 12 - Regulatory Capital Matters 
 39 
 Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 
 41 
 Note 14 - Segment Information 
 44 
 Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 49 
 Note 16 - Lease Commitments 
 51 
 
 5 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except par and share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, fair value of and , respectively 
 Loans held-for-sale, at fair value Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets, net Bank-owned life insurance Restricted equity securities Goodwill Core deposits and other intangible assets, net Accrued interest receivable Deferred tax assets, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing accounts Interest-bearing accounts Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debt, net Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 15 
 par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Interest and fee income on loans: Taxable Tax exempt Interest and dividend income on securities: Taxable Tax exempt Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense: Interest expense on deposits Interest expense on securities sold under agreements to repurchase Interest expense on other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after credit loss expense Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Credit and debit card fees Trust and investment advisory fees Income from mortgage banking services, net Loss on other real estate owned and foreclosed assets activity, net ) ) ) ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salary and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Merger related expenses Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per share: Net income available to common stockholders Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) Issued shares of common stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total stockholders equity 2024 Balance, beginning of period ) Issuance of common stock and contingent obligation to issue warrants, net of issuance costs ) ) Issuance of common stock on restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures (see Note 10 - Stockholders Equity 
 Stock option exercises Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, end of period ) 2023 Balance, beginning of period ) Issuance of common stock on restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures (see Note 10 - Stockholders Equity 
 Stock option exercises ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, end of period ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) Issued shares of common stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total stockholders equity 2024 Balance, beginning of period ) Issuance of common stock and contingent obligation to issue warrants, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock on restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures (See Note 10 - Stockholders Equit y) 
 Stock option exercises Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, end of period ) 2023 Balance, beginning of period ) Cumulative effect of accounting change ) ) Adjusted beginning balance ) Issuance of common stock on restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures (See Note 10 - Stockholders Equit y) 
 Stock option exercises Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, end of period ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization on premises and equipment Deferred tax expense Amortization of net premium on securities Accretion of net discount on acquired loans ) ) Net change in deferred loan origination fees and costs ) Amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets Amortization of premium on acquired deposits ) ) Accretion of discount on subordinated debt Amortization of issuance costs on subordinated debt Accretion of discount on convertible notes payable Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Impairment of other real estate owned and foreclosed assets Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends ) ) Share-based compensation expense Decrease in fair value of mortgage servicing rights Net loss on disposal of premises and equipment Net gain on other real estate owned and foreclosed assets activity Net gain on sales of loans held-for-sale ) ) Origination of loans held-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held-for-sale Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Accrued interest receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accrued interest payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred tax assets Net cash provided by operating activities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP 
 and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: (previous page) 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from maturities of held-to-maturity securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Proceeds from sale or maturities of available-for-sale securities Loan originations, net of repayments ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned and foreclosed assets Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Purchases of restricted equity securities ) ) Proceeds from the sale or redemption of restricted equity securities Purchase of other investments ) ) Proceeds from the sale or redemption of other investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in deposits Net change in securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Repayments of other borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid on deposits Interest paid on borrowed funds Cash paid for income taxes, net Non-cash investing and financing activities: Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) Loan charge-offs Loans transferred to other real estate owned and foreclosed assets Premises and equipment transferred from other assets Mortgage servicing rights resulting from sale or securitization of mortgage loans 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 NOTE 1 - 
 
 shares of common stock of FirstSun. Shareholders of HomeStreet, subject to other exceptions, will also be entitled to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of FirstSun. On June 18, 2024, HomeStreet s shareholders approved the Merger Agreement. As indicated above, however, the failure to obtain regulatory approval and the request to withdraw the merger applications has jeopardized the potential closing of the Mergers. Should FirstSun and HomeStreet fail to agree on an alternative regulatory structure, it is likely that the Merger Agreement will be terminated and the Mergers abandoned. 
 12 

million shares of our common stock in a private placement for million . 
 Under the terms of the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement, FirstSun is also obligated, concurrently with the closing of the proposed HomeStreet merger, to issue to the Wellington Funds, warrants (the Warrants to purchase approximately million shares of FirstSun common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The Warrants will carry a term of . In the event the proposed HomeStreet merger is not consummated, no Warrants will be issued. 
 Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement - Concurrently with its entry into the HomeStreet merger agreement, FirstSun entered into an acquisition finance securities purchase agreement (the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement, and together with the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement, as the Investment Agreements ), dated January 16, 2024, with the Wellington Funds. Pursuant to the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, substantially concurrently with the closing of the merger, the institutional investors will invest an aggregate of million in exchange for the sale and issuance, at a purchase price of per share, of approximately million shares of FirstSun common stock. 
 Concurrently with its entry into the Amendment, on April 30, 2024, FirstSun entered into a First Amendment to the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement (the AFSPA Amendment ), with certain funds managed by Wellington Management Wellington and certain other institutional accredited investors (each, an Additional Investor and, collectively with Wellington, the Investors ). Pursuant to the AFSPA Amendment, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger, the Additional Investors will invest an additional million, in exchange for the sale and issuance, at a purchase price of per share, approximately million shares of FirstSun common stock. 
 Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement Joinder - On June 14, 2024, FirstSun entered into a Joinder (the AFSPA Joinder to the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement, as amended on April 30, 2024 by the AFSPA Amendment, with certain funds managed by Castle Creek Capital Partners VIII. L.P., Maltese Capital Management, LLC, and Philadelphia Financial Management of San Francisco, LLC (collectively, the Joinder Investors ). Pursuant to the AFSPA Joinder, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger, the Joinder Investors will invest an aggregate of million, in exchange for the sale and issuance, at a purchase price of per share, of approximately thousand shares of FirstSun common stock. As a result, FirstSun s total equity capital raised in connection with the Merger increased from an aggregate capital raise of million to million, inclusive of the million raised pursuant to the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 Registration Rights Agreements - In connection with the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement, FirstSun and the Wellington Funds also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Upfront Registration Rights Agreement ), dated January 16, 2024, pursuant to which FirstSun agreed to, among other things, provide customary resale registration rights with respect to the shares of our common stock obtained by the Wellington Funds pursuant to the Investment Agreements, including those issued upon exercise of the Warrants. As required under the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement, on July 11, 2024, FirstSun registered its common stock securities under Section 12(b) of the securities Exchange Act of 1934 and listed its common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq). Pursuant to Amendment No. 3 to our Stockholders Agreement, upon listing on Nasdaq, the provisions of the Stockholders Agreement restricting the transfer of shares and providing specific stockholders with pre-emptive rights, tag-along rights and rights of first refusal, automatically terminated. As a result, among other terminated provisions, the parties to the Stockholders Agreement are no longer restricted under the Stockholders Agreement from transferring their shares. Certain parties to the Stockholders Agreement retain corporate governance rights as described in the Stockholders Agreement, as amended. 
 In addition, the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement contemplates that, in connection with the closing of the investments under the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement, FirstSun will enter into a resale registration rights agreement with each additional institutional investor (the Acquisition Finance 
 13 

days after the effective date of the Amendment from million to million plus reimbursement of FirstSun s transaction fees and expenses; 
 An amended definition of requisite regulatory approvals such that the approval of the OCC is replaced with the approval of the Texas Department of Banking and additional approvals of the Federal Reserve Board; 
 FirstSun s issuance of million of subordinated debt concurrently with the closing of the merger, the proceeds of which will be contributed to Sunflower Bank to further support Sunflower Bank s capital: 
 HomeStreet s disposition of approximately million of certain commercial real estate loans upon closing of the merger, or as soon as reasonably practicable afterward. 
 Charter Amendment - In connection with the proposed merger, the holders of a majority of the voting power of FirstSun common stock executed a written consent approving and adopting an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment which will increase the number of FirstSun s authorized shares of capital stock from to , consisting of shares of FirstSun common stock, and shares of preferred stock and will become effective upon FirstSun s filing the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. We plan to file the Charter Amendment prior to the closing of the proposed merger. 
 Bank Charter Conversion - Sunflower Bank is currently regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. In connection with our proposed merger with HomeStreet, we have filed applications to convert Sunflower Bank to a state chartered bank regulated by the Texas Department of Banking and to seek membership with the Federal Reserve. 
 Use of Estimates - 
 Risks and Uncertainties - 
 Further information is presented in Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies . 
 14 

Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted - 
 million, a reduction in the allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments of million, an increase to deferred tax assets of million, and a corresponding one-time cumulative reduction to retained earnings, net of tax, of million in the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2023. 
 The adoption of this ASU, as it relates to available-for-sale debt securities and held-to-maturity debt securities, did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements as of January 1, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted - ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. ASU 2023-07 expands segment disclosure requirements for public entities to require disclosure of significant segment expenses and other segment items on an annual and interim basis and to provide in interim periods all disclosures about a reportable segment s profit or loss and assets that are currently required annually. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2023-07 is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. ASU 2023-09 requires public business entities to disclose in their rate reconciliation table additional categories of information about federal, state and foreign income taxes and to provide more details about the reconciling items in some categories if items meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 also requires all entities to disclose income taxes paid, net of refunds, disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes for annual periods and to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on a quantitative threshold, among other things. ASU 2023-09 is effective for us on January 1, 2026, although early adoption is permitted. ASU 2023-09 is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 
 15 

NOTE 2 - 
 ) U.S. agency ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage backed - residential ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Mortgage backed - commercial ) Other debt Total available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage backed - residential ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total held-to-maturity ) December 31, 2023 Available-for-sale: U.S. treasury ) U.S. agency ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage backed - residential ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Mortgage backed - commercial ) Other debt ) Total available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage backed - residential ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total held-to-maturity ) 
 There was allowance for credit losses related to our investment securities as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. 
 16 

) ) U.S. agency ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage backed - residential ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Mortgage backed - commercial ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage backed - residential ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) 
 17 

) ) U.S. agency ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage backed - residential ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Mortgage backed - commercial ) ) ) Other debt ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage backed - residential ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) 
 
 18 

Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total held-to-maturity 
 Securities with a carrying value of and were pledged to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and borrowed funds at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Available-for-sale debt securities with a carrying value of and were designated in fair value hedges at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments for further information. 
 There were proceeds from sales and calls of securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 19 

NOTE 3 - 
 Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Construction and land Multifamily Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Public finance Consumer Other Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had net deferred fees, (costs), (premiums) and discounts of and , respectively, on our loan portfolio. 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans totaled and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accrued interest receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period 2023 Allowance for credit losses: Balance, beginning of period Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period 
 20 

Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period 2023 Allowance for credit losses: Balance, beginning of period Impact of adopting ASC 326 
 ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period 
 We determine the allowance for credit losses estimate on at least a quarterly basis. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had an allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments of and , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded a (benefit) provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments of ) and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded a (benefit) provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments of ) and , respectively. 
 The provision for credit losses, including the benefit for unfunded commitments, totaled during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a provision for credit loss on a specific customer in our C I loan portfolio in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 21 

Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Construction and land Multifamily Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Public Finance Consumer Other Total loans December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Construction and land Multifamily Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Public Finance Consumer Other Total loans 
 Interest income recorded on nonperforming loans was not material for the thre e or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Credit risk monitoring and management is a continuous process to manage the quality of the loan portfolio. We segment loans into risk categories based on relevant borrower risk profile information, including the ability of borrowers to service their debt based on current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends among other factors. The risk rating system is used as a tool to analyze and monitor movements in loan portfolio quality. 
 22 

23 

Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied: Pass Pass/Watch Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total non-owner occupied Gross charge-offs Owner occupied: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total owner occupied Gross charge-offs Construction land: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Total construction land Gross charge-offs Multifamily: Pass Substandard - Nonaccrual Total multifamily Gross charge-offs 
 24 

Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total commercial real estate: Gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total residential real estate Gross charge-offs Public Finance: Pass Substandard - Nonaccrual Total public finance Gross charge-offs Consumer: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total consumer Gross charge-offs Other: Pass Pass/Watch Substandard - Nonaccrual Total other Gross charge-offs Total loans: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Doubtful Total loans Gross charge-offs 
 25 

Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total non-owner occupied Gross charge-offs Owner occupied: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total owner occupied Gross charge-offs Construction land: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Nonaccrual Total construction land Gross charge-offs Multifamily: Pass Special Mention Total multifamily Gross charge-offs 
 26 

Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total commercial real estate: Gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total residential real estate Gross charge-offs Public Finance: Pass Substandard - Accruing Total public finance Gross charge-offs Consumer: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Total consumer Gross charge-offs Other: Pass Pass/Watch Substandard - Nonaccrual Total other Gross charge-offs Total loans: Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard - Accruing Substandard - Nonaccrual Doubtful Total loans Gross charge-offs 
 
 27 

Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Multifamily Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Public Finance Consumer Other Total loans December 31, 2023 Commercial industrial Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Construction and land Total commercial real estate Residential real estate Consumer Other Total loans 
 The allowance related to collateral dependent loans reported in the tables above includes qualitative adjustments applied to the loan portfolio that consider possible changes in circumstances that could ultimately impact credit losses and might not be reflected in historical data or forecasted data incorporated in the quantitative models. 
 Loan Modifications Made to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: 
 The allowance for credit losses incorporates an estimate of lifetime expected credit losses and is recorded on each asset upon origination. The starting point for the estimate of the allowance for credit losses is historical loss information, which includes losses from modifications of receivables to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. We use a PD/LGD model to determine the allowance for credit losses. An assessment of whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty is made at the time of a modification. The loan modifications in the table below did not significantly impact our determination of the allowance for credit losses on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Because the effect of most modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is already included in the allowance for credit losses, a change to the allowance for credit losses is generally not recorded upon modification. Occasionally, we modify loans by providing principal forgiveness that is deemed to be uncollectible; therefore, that portion 
 28 

Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Total loans 
 There were no loan modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30,: 
 Principal Forgiveness Payment Delay Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Combination Principal Forgiveness and Interest Rate Reduction of Total Class of Loans 2024 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Total loans 2023 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Total loans 
 Modifications made to the loans presented in the tables above to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of short-term principal deferrals, short-term principal and interest deferrals, or reductions in the contractual interest rate. 
 There were commitments to lend additional funds to these borrowers at September 30, 2024. 
 The financial effects of our loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not significant. 
 
 29 

Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Total loans 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Bank Other Total 
 Additions: Servicing resulting from transfers of financial assets Changes in fair value: Due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model ) ) Changes in fair value due to pay-offs, pay-downs, and runoff ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 30 

Total prepayment speeds Cost of servicing each loan /per loan 
 /per loan 
 /per loan 
 
 Late and ancillary fees Total 
 
 NOTE 5 - 
 31 

2029 - 2034 Derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Assets: Interest Rate Products 2025 - 2037 Other 2025 Liabilities: Interest Rate Products 2025 - 2037 Other 2027 - 2028 December 31, 2023 Derivative financial instruments designated as hedging instruments: Assets: Interest Rate Products 2028 - 2036 Derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Assets: Interest Rate Products 2024 - 2037 Other 2025 Liabilities: Interest Rate Products 2024 - 2037 Other 2028) Recorded gain (loss) on banking derivative liabilities ) ) ) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our banking derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments generated fee income of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 our banking derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments generated fee income of , and , respectively. 
 The carrying amount of hedged loans receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. The cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged loans receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was ) and ), respectively. The fair value hedging adjustment included in other noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ), respectively. The fair value hedging adjustment included in other noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ), respectively. 
 32 

and , respectively. The cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the amortized cost amount of the hedged available-for-sale debt securities as of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was ), and ), respectively. The fair value hedging adjustment included in interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ), respectively. The fair value hedging adjustment included in interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ), respectively. 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features : 
 We have agreements with each of our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if we either default or are capable of being declared in default on any of our indebtedness, then we could also be declared in default on our derivative obligations. 
 We also have agreements with our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if we fail to maintain our status as a well-capitalized institution, then our derivative counterparties have the right but not the obligation to terminate existing swaps. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have minimum collateral posting thresholds with our derivative counterparties and have posted collateral of and , respectively. If we had breached any of these provisions at September 30, 2024, we could have been required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their termination value of . 
 Mortgage Banking Derivative Financial Instruments : 
 Liabilities: Forward MBS trades 2024 Futures 2024 December 31, 2023 Derivative financial instruments Assets: Forward MBS trades 2024 Interest rate lock commitments (IRLC) 2024 Liabilities: Forward MBS trades 2024 
 Recorded gain (loss) on mortgage banking derivative liabilities ) ) 
 33 

NOTE 6 - 
 Interest-bearing deposit accounts: Interest-bearing demand accounts Savings accounts and money market accounts NOW accounts Certificate of deposit accounts: Less than 100 100 through 250 Greater than 250 Total interest-bearing deposit accounts Total deposits 
 Savings accounts and money market accounts NOW accounts Certificate of deposit accounts Total interest-bearing deposit accounts 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total certificate of deposit accounts 
 34 

NOTE 7 - 
 Average daily balance during the period Average interest rate during the period Maximum month-end balance during the period Weighted average interest rate at period-end 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such agreements were secured by investment and mortgage-related securities with an approximate carrying amount of and , respectively. Pledged securities are maintained by safekeeping agents at the direction of the Bank. Our agreements to repurchase generally mature daily, and they are considered to be in an overnight and continuous position. 
 
 NOTE 8 - 
 N/A N/A Fixed rate term advances 
 N/A 
 Our FHLB advances are typically considered short-term borrowings with maturities less than one year and are used to manage liquidity as needed. Maturing advances are replaced by drawing on available cash, making additional borrowings or through increased customer deposits. The advances were collateralized by and of loans pledged to the FHLB as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank had total borrowing capacity with the FHLB that is based on qualified collateral lending values of and , respectively. Our additional borrowing availability with the FHLB at September 30, 2024 was . These borrowings can be in the form of additional term advances or a line-of-credit. 
 FRB advances 
 We also had a line-of-credit with the FRB. The agreement bears interest at the Fed Funds target rate plus and is secured by of investment securities and loans pledged to the FRB as collateral. amounts were drawn on the line-of-credit as of September 30, 2024. 
 Other borrowings 
 We have lines-of-credit with certain other financial institutions totaling as of September 30, 2024. amounts were drawn on these lines-of-credit at September 30, 2024. 
 
 35 

subordinated notes. The notes pay interest at a fixed rate of through June 30, 2025 and subsequently, until maturity, pay interest at a floating rate of three month term SOFR plus , reset quarterly. Interest is payable on July 1 and January 1 of each year. Such notes are due on July 1, 2030. The notes are not redeemable within the first of issuance, except under certain very limited conditions. After , we may redeem the notes at our discretion. We incurred and capitalized of costs related to the issuance of the subordinated notes. The amortization associated with the capitalized issuance costs is not significant for the periods presented. 
 Subordinated Note - 2022 
 On January 13, 2022, we issued a subordinated note totaling . The note pays interest at a fixed rate of through January 15, 2027 and subsequently, until maturity, pays interest at a floating rate of three month term SOFR plus , reset quarterly. Interest is payable on July 15 and January 15 of each year. Such note is due on January 15, 2032. The note is not redeemable within the first of issuance, except under certain very limited conditions. After , we may redeem the note at our discretion. We incurred and capitalized of costs related to the issuance of the subordinated note. The amortization associated with the capitalized issuance costs is not significant for the periods presented. 
 Trust preferred securities 
 We have issued in trust preferred securities through a special-purpose trust, New Mexico Banquest Capital Trust I NMBCT I ). In addition, we have issued in trust preferred securities through a special purpose trust, New Mexico Banquest Capital Trust II NMBCT II , and together with NMBCT I, collectively referred to as NMBCT Trusts ). Interest is payable quarterly at a rate of three-month term SOFR plus and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) for the trust preferred securities issued through NMBCT I and at a rate of three-month term SOFR plus and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) for the trust preferred securities issued through NMBCT II. 
 This subordinated debt of was originally recorded at a discount of . The accretion associated with the fair value discount is not significant for the periods presented. 
 
 The Parent Company fully and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of the NMBCT Trusts on a subordinated basis. The trust preferred securities issued through the NMBCT Trusts are mandatorily redeemable upon the maturity of the debentures on December 19, 2032 and November 23, 2034, respectively, and are optionally redeemable, in part or in whole, by the Parent Company at each quarterly interest payment date. The Parent Company owns all of the outstanding common securities of the NMBCT Trusts, which have an aggregate liquidation valuation amount of and is recorded in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The NMBCT Trusts are considered variable interest entities. Since the Parent Company is not the primary beneficiary of the NMBCT Trusts, the financial statements of the NMBCT Trusts are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

NOTE 9 - 
 Weighted Average Shares Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Stock-based awards Weighted average diluted common shares Earnings per common share Basic earnings per common share Effect of dilutive securities Stock-based awards ) ) ) ) Diluted earnings per common share 
 For information regarding the common shares and warrants to be issued upon the closing of our proposed merger with HomeStreet see Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation . 
 
 NOTE 10 - 
 shares of preferred stock authorized, par value, of which were issued or outstanding, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has shares of common stock authorized, par value, of which and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 For potential changes to our authorized shares as a result of our proposed merger with HomeStreet, see Charter Amendment in Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation . 
 Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement 
 On January 16, 2024 in accordance with the Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement, we issued we shares of our common stock in a private placement for . For additional details see Upfront Securities Purchase Agreement in Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation . 
 Equity Incentive Plans : 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and other stock awards to its employees, directors and consultants for up to shares of FirstSun common stock in the aggregate. 
 
 37 

Exercised ) Outstanding, end of period Options vested or expected to vest Options exercisable, end of period 
 There were grants or forfeitures during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 At September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. The unrecognized compensation cost at September 30, 2024 is expected to be recognized over the next . At September 30, 2024 the intrinsic value of the stock options was . 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The FirstSun Capital Bancorp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and other stock awards to its employees, directors and consultants for up to shares of FirstSun common stock in the aggregate. Additionally, we established the FirstSun Capital Bancorp Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP ), which became effective April 1, 2022. The LTIP is intended to qualify as a top-hat plan under ERISA that is unfunded and provides benefits only to a select group of management or highly compensated employees of FirstSun or the Bank. 
 In March 2024, we granted special restricted stock awards of shares and, on the closing date of the Merger, will grant additional special restricted stock awards of shares, totaling shares to certain officers of the Company (including those formerly with HomeStreet) for (i) retention purposes and (ii) to incentivize them in their efforts to work towards both a timely and efficient consummation of the Merger and a successful post-closing integration of the two companies. If the Merger does not close, all of special stock awards will be cancelled. Because the special restricted stock awards are contingent upon the closing of the Merger, no expense has been incurred during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 . These awards will vest one-third per year over a period, provided that the officer continues to provide services to the Company on the applicable vesting date, with accelerated vesting upon death, disability, or termination by the Company under certain conditions. 
 In March 2024, we issued shares of restricted stock that will fully vest in March 2025. In May 2023, we issued shares of restricted stock, shares were forfeited during 2024 prior to vesting, the remaining were fully vested in May 2024. In May 2022, we issued shares of restricted stock that were fully vested in May 2023. At September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock. 
 In April 2024, we issued performance-based restricted stock under the LTIP that, subject to the achievement of performance conditions, will fully vest in April 2027. At September 30, 2024, we determined it is probable that shares will be issued based upon the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved. At September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock granted on these probable shares. 
 In April 2023, we issued performance-based restricted stock under the LTIP that, subject to the achievement of performance conditions, will fully vest in April 2026. At September 30, 2024, we determined it is probable that shares will be issued based upon the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved. At September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock granted on these probable shares. 
 In April 2022, we issued performance-based restricted stock under the LTIP that, subject to the achievement of performance conditions, will fully vest in April 2025. At September 30, 2024, we determined it is probable that shares will be issued based upon the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved. At 
 38 

of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock granted on these probable shares. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded total compensation cost from the 2017 and 2021 Plans of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded total compensation cost from the 2017 and 2021 Plans of and , respectively. 
 Acquired Equity Incentive Plans 
 In conjunction with a previous acquisition, we assumed certain options that had been granted under such option plans. All assumed options were fully vested and exercisable. further options will be granted under the plans. 
 Exercised ) Outstanding, vested, and exercisable, end of period 
 At September 30, 2024 the intrinsic value of the stock options was . 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 Effective tax provision rate 
 We do not believe that we have any material uncertain tax positions, and do not expect any material changes during the next twelve months. 
 
 NOTE 12 - 
 39 

N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) to risk-weighted assets: N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets: N/A N/A December 31, 2023 Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) to risk-weighted assets: N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets: N/A N/A 
 
 40 

Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) to risk-weighted assets: Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets: December 31, 2023 Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets: Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) to risk-weighted assets: Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets: 
 
 NOTE 13 - 
 41 

Loans held-for-sale Mortgage servicing rights Derivative financial instruments - assets Derivative financial instruments - liabilities ) ) Total December 31, 2023 Available-for-sale securities Loans held-for-sale Mortgage servicing rights Derivative financial instruments - assets Derivative financial instruments - liabilities ) ) Total 
 For further details on our Level 3 inputs related to MSRs, see Note 4 - Mortgage Servicing Rights . 
 ) ) ) ) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: Issuances Balance, end of period 
 
 42 

Residential real estate Public finance Other Total collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets, net: Commercial real estate Residential real estate Total other real estate owned and foreclosed assets, net: 
 The fair value of the financial assets in the table above utilize the market approach valuation technique, with discount adjustments for differences between comparable sales. 
 
 43 

Securities held-to-maturity Loans (excluding collateral dependent loans at fair value) Restricted equity securities Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Deposits (excluding demand deposits) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net Accrued interest payable December 31, 2023 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Securities held-to-maturity Loans (excluding collateral dependent loans at fair value) Restricted equity securities Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Deposits (excluding demand deposits) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net Accrued interest payable 
 
 NOTE 14 - 
 operating segments: Banking and Mortgage Operations. Corporate represents costs not allocated to the operating segments. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activity from which revenues are earned and expenses are incurred for which discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by executive management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Operating segments have been determined based on the products and services offered and reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Each segment operates under the same banking charter, but is reported on a segmented basis for this report. Each of the operating segments is complementary to each other and because of the interrelationship of the segments, the information presented is not indicative of how the segments would perform if they operated as independent entities. 
 44 

) Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts ) Credit and debit card fees Trust and investment advisory fees (Loss) income from mortgage banking services, net ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salary and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Other Information Depreciation expense Identifiable assets 
 45 

) Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Credit and debit card fees Trust and investment advisory fees (Loss) income from mortgage banking services, net ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salary and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Other Information Depreciation expense Identifiable assets 
 46 

) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts ) Credit and debit card fees Trust and investment advisory fees (Loss) income from mortgage banking services, net ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salary and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Other Information Depreciation expense Identifiable assets 
 47 

) Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Credit and debit card fees Trust and investment advisory fees (Loss) income from mortgage banking services, net ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salary and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Other Information Depreciation expense Identifiable assets 
 48 

NOTE 15 - 
 and and variable-rate loans totaling and , respectively. The fixed-rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and maturities ranging from month to years at September 30, 2024 and from month to years at December 31, 2023. 
 Standby letters of credit 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Since many of the loan commitments and letters of credit expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, owner occupied real estate, and/or income-producing commercial properties. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our standby letters of credit commitment totaled and , respectively. 
 MPF Master Commitments 
 The Bank has executed MPF Master Commitments (Commitments) with the FHLB to deliver mortgage loans and to guarantee the payment of any realized losses that exceed the FHLB s first loss account for mortgages delivered under the Commitments. The Bank receives credit enhancement fees from the FHLB for providing this guarantee and continuing to manage the credit risk of the MPF Program mortgage loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank considered the amount of any of its liability for the present value of the credit enhancement fees less any expected losses in the mortgages delivered under the Commitments to be immaterial, and has not recorded a liability and offsetting receivable. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the maximum potential amount of future payments that the Bank would have been required to make under the Commitments was and , respectively. Under the Commitments, the Bank agrees to service the loans and therefore, is responsible for any necessary foreclosure proceedings. Any future recoveries on any losses would not be paid by the FHLB under the Commitments. The Bank has not experienced any material losses under these guarantees. 
 Contingencies 
 We generally sell loans to investors without recourse; therefore, the investors have assumed the risk of loss or default by the borrower. However, we are usually required by these investors to make certain standard representations and warranties relating to credit information, loan documentation, and collateral. To the extent that we do not comply with such representations, we may be required to repurchase the loans or indemnify these investors for any losses from borrower defaults. We establish reserves for potential losses related to these representations and warranties if deemed appropriate and such reserves would be recorded within accrued expenses and other liabilities. In assessing the adequacy of the reserve, we evaluate various factors including actual write-offs during the period, historical loss experience, known delinquent and other problem loans, and economic trends and conditions in the industry. 
 From time to time, we are a defendant in various claims, legal actions, and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. We periodically review all outstanding pending or threatened legal proceedings and determine if such matters will have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 49 

million from RESI. The complaint sought compensatory, exemplary, statutory and punitive damages, as well as payment of RESI s legal fees and expenses. On January 18, 2024, the jury awarded RESI approximately million which included punitive damages. Judgment on the aforementioned jury award was formally entered on July 25, 2024. A supplemental award of RESI s legal fees will likely be entered by January 1, 2025. We believe the judgment will be covered by insurance; therefore, such outcome will not have a material financial impact on the Bank. 
 We establish reserves for contingencies, including legal proceedings, when potential losses become probable and can be reasonably estimated. While the ultimate resolution of any legal proceedings, including the matters described above, cannot be determined at this time, based on information presently available, and after consultation with legal counsel, management believes that the ultimate outcome in these above legal proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. It is possible, however, that future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for or resolution of any of these proceedings, which may be material to our results of operations for a given fiscal period. 
 50 

NOTE 16 - 
 to years. Certain lease arrangements contain extension options which typically range from to years at the then fair market rental rates. As these extension options are not generally considered reasonably certain of exercise, they are not included in the lease term. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) ROU asset, net (included in prepaid expenses and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets) Lease liability (included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets) Weighted Average Remaining Life - Operating Leases Weighted Average Rate - Operating Leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease liability Imputed interest Total operating lease liability included in the accompanying balance sheet 
 Total lease expense for three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Total lease expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Short-term leases Sublease income ) ) ) ) Net lease expense 
 
 51 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of FirstSun 
 In this section, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to we, us, and our mean the combined business of FirstSun and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sunflower Bank, Logia Portfolio Management, LLC, and FEIF Capital Partners, LLC. 
 The following discussion and analysis of FirstSun s consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in our 2023 Annual Report that we filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. Historical results of operations and the percentage relationships among any amounts included, and any trends that may appear, may not indicate trends in operations or results of operations for any future periods. 
 Comments regarding our business that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding our cautionary disclosures, see the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements beginning on page 3 of this report. 
 
 General Overview 
 FirstSun Capital Bancorp, headquartered in Denver, Colorado, is the financial holding company for Sunflower Bank, National Association, which is headquartered in Dallas, Texas and operates as Sunflower Bank, First National 1870 and Guardian Mortgage. We conduct a full-service community banking and trust business through our wholly-owned subsidiaries Sunflower Bank, Logia Portfolio Management, LLC, and FEIF Capital Partners, LLC. Sunflower Bank is currently regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. In connection with our proposed merger with HomeStreet, we have filed applications to convert Sunflower Bank to a state chartered bank regulated by the Texas Department of Banking and to seek membership with the Federal Reserve. 
 We offer a full range of relationship-focused services to meet our clients personal, business and wealth management financial objectives, with a branch network in Texas, Kansas, Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona, multiple loan production offices in Southern California, and mortgage capabilities in 43 states. Our product lines include commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage, public finance and other consumer loans, and a variety of commercial and consumer deposit products, including noninterest-bearing accounts, interest-bearing demand products, savings accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit. We also offer wealth management and trust products including personal trust and agency accounts, employee benefit and retirement related trust and agency accounts, investment management and advisory agency accounts, and foundation and endowment trust and agency accounts. We also offer online banking and bill payment services, online cash management, safe deposit box rentals, debit card and ATM card services and the availability of a network of ATMs for our customers. 
 We operate FirstSun through two operating segments: Banking and Mortgage Operations. We also allocate certain expenses to Corporate, which is not an operating segment. The expenses included in Corporate are not deemed to be allocable to our operating segments. The operating segments have been determined based on the products and services we offer and reflect the manner in which our financial information is evaluated by management. Each of the operating segments is complementary to each other and because of the interrelationship of the segments, the information presented is not indicative of how the segments would perform if they operated as independent entities. For additional information on our segments, see Note 14 - Segment Information included in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 52 

Pending Merger with HomeStreet, Inc. and Common Equity Raise 
 On January 16, 2024, FirstSun and HomeStreet entered into a definitive merger agreement. Under the merger agreement, FirstSun will continue as the surviving entity and Sunflower Bank will continue as the surviving bank. On April 30, 2024, FirstSun and HomeStreet entered into an amendment to the merger agreement that, among other things, increased total capital raised in connection with the merger, revised the share exchange ratio pursuant to which the HomeStreet shareholders will receive FirstSun common stock, and reduced the termination fee payable by HomeStreet in certain circumstances. The amendment was unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of each of FirstSun and HomeStreet. On June 18, 2024, HomeStreet s shareholders approved the merger agreement. 
 Although we had expected the HomeStreet merger to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, on October 29, 2024, we announced that regulatory approvals necessary for the mergers with HomeStreet and its subsidiary, HomeStreet Bank to proceed have not been obtained and FirstSun and Sunflower have been asked to withdraw their merger applications. Although FirstSun continues to have discussions with regulators, it appears that regulatory approvals will not be forthcoming and, without those approvals, the merger may not be consummated. Also, although FirstSun and HomeStreet are discussing the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the merger there also can be no assurances that an alternative regulatory structure will be feasible or agreed-upon. Should FirstSun and HomeStreet fail to agree on an alternative regulatory structure, it is likely that the Merger Agreement will be terminated and the Mergers abandoned. For more complete information related to the Merger Agreement and Amendment see Proposed Merger with HomeStreet in Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation in our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Concurrently with entry into the HomeStreet merger agreement, FirstSun entered into investment agreements with investors to raise capital to support the merger. These agreements included an initial 80 million investment in FirstSun common stock. Concurrently with the amendment to the merger agreement, FirstSun entered into an amendment to the investment agreements with the investors to increase the amount of investment to support the merger. In June 2024, FirstSun and the investors entered into a Joinder to the Acquisition Finance Securities Purchase Agreement. For additional information related to the agreements to raise additional capital for the merger, including the Joinder, see Investment Agreements in Note 1 - Organization and Basis of Presentation in our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 53 

Financial Summary 
 Third Quarter 2024 Highlights: 
 Net income of 22.4 million, 0.79 per diluted share (excluding merger costs, 23.7 million, 0.84 per diluted share, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations below) 
 Net interest margin of 4.10 
 Return on average total assets of 1.13 (excluding merger costs, 1.19 , see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations below) 
 Return on average stockholders equity of 8.79 (excluding merger costs, 9.27 , see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations below) 
 Loan growth of 6.7 annualized 
 Deposit growth of 1.8 annualized 
 22.5 noninterest income to total revenue 1 
 Net income totaled 22.4 million, or 0.79 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 25.2 million, or 1.00 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023. Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was negatively impacted by 1.2 million of merger costs, net of tax, or 0.05 per diluted share. The return on average total assets was 1.13 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.34 for the third quarter of 2023, and the return on average stockholders equity was 8.79 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 12.03 for the third quarter of 2023. Third quarter of 2024 merger costs, net of tax, negatively affected return on average total assets by 0.06 and return on average stockholders equity by 0.48 . 
 Net income totaled 59.3 million, or 2.12 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 79.5 million, or 3.13 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was negatively impacted by a 10.6 million provision for credit loss on a specific customer in our C I loan portfolio, net of tax, or 0.38 per diluted share, and 4.2 million in merger costs, net of tax, or 0.15 per diluted share. The return on average total assets was 1.01 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.42 , for the same period in 2023, and the return on average stockholders equity was 8.02 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.97 , for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, merger costs, net of tax, negatively affected return on average total assets by 0.07 and return on average stockholders equity by 0.56 . 

1 Total revenue is net interest income plus noninterest income. 
 54 

The following table sets forth certain summary financial and other information of FirstSun: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 2023 Income Statement: Net interest income 76,158 73,410 219,863 221,362 293,431 Taxable equivalent adjustment 1,132 1,286 3,606 3,816 5,086 Net interest income - fully tax equivalent ("FTE") basis (non-GAAP) (3) 77,290 74,696 223,469 225,178 298,517 Provision for credit losses 5,000 3,890 22,700 11,672 18,247 Noninterest income 22,075 18,650 68,157 61,871 79,092 Noninterest expense 64,664 56,176 190,367 170,485 222,793 Net income 22,422 25,232 59,278 79,519 103,533 Per Common Share Data: Weighted average diluted common shares 28,212,809 25,357,807 27,976,215 25,365,297 25,387,196 Net income (basic) 0.81 1.01 2.17 3.19 4.15 Net income (diluted) 0.79 1.00 2.12 3.13 4.08 Cash dividends Dividend payout ratio Book value 37.38 33.83 37.38 33.83 35.14 Tangible book value (non-GAAP) (3) 33.68 29.60 33.68 29.60 30.96 Performance Ratios: Return on average total assets 1.13 1.34 1.01 1.42 1.38 Return on average stockholders' equity 8.79 12.03 8.02 12.97 12.50 Return on tangible stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) (3) 9.85 14.05 8.72 14.93 13.89 Return on average tangible stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) (3) 10.00 14.15 9.22 15.51 14.88 Net interest margin 4.10 4.23 4.04 4.28 4.23 Efficiency ratio (1) 65.83 61.02 66.10 60.19 59.81 Efficiency ratio excluding merger related expenses (non-GAAP) (3) 64.16 61.02 64.30 60.19 59.81 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 0.09 0.15 0.44 0.07 0.13 Allowance for credit losses to loans 1.29 1.27 1.29 1.27 1.28 Nonperforming loans to total loans (2) 1.02 0.66 1.02 0.66 1.01 Balance Sheet: Total loans, excluding loans held-for-sale 6,443,756 6,179,522 6,443,756 6,179,522 6,267,096 Total assets 8,138,487 7,756,875 8,138,487 7,756,875 7,879,724 Total deposits 6,649,880 6,339,847 6,649,880 6,339,847 6,374,103 Total borrowed funds 290,709 405,180 290,709 405,180 464,781 Total stockholders' equity 1,034,085 843,719 1,034,085 843,719 877,197 Capital Ratios: Total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 15.25 12.93 15.25 12.93 13.25 Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 13.06 10.79 13.06 10.79 11.10 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) to risk-weighted assets 13.06 10.79 13.06 10.79 11.10 Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets 11.96 10.37 11.96 10.37 10.52 Average stockholders' equity to average total assets 12.81 11.18 12.62 10.98 11.05 Tangible stockholders' equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) (3) 11.59 9.65 11.59 9.65 9.94 Tangible stockholders' equity to tangible assets reflecting net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (non-GAAP) (3) 11.56 9.59 11.56 9.59 9.90 Nonfinancial Data: Full-time equivalent employees 1,148 1,106 1,148 1,106 1,110 Banking branches 69 69 69 69 69 (1) The efficiency ratio is one measure of profitability in the banking industry. This ratio measures the cost of generating one dollar of revenue. That is, the ratio is designed to reflect the percentage of one dollar which must be expended to generate that dollar of revenue. We calculate this ratio by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
 (2) Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and accrual loans greater than 90 days past due. 
 (3) See section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations for information regarding these non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. 
 
 55 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations 
 The non-GAAP financial measures presented below are used by our management and our Board of Directors on a regular basis in addition to our GAAP results to facilitate the assessment of our financial performance. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures enhance an investor s understanding of our financial results by providing a meaningful basis for period-to-period comparisons, assisting in operating results analysis, and predicting future performance. This information supplements our GAAP reported results, and should not be viewed in isolation from, or as a substitute for, our GAAP results. Accordingly, this financial information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included elsewhere in this report. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain items that are included in the financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not audited. Although these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by investors to evaluate a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under GAAP. These non-GAAP measures are not necessarily comparable to similar measures that may be represented by other companies. 
 The following table presents GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 2023 Tangible stockholders equity and tangible book value per share: Total stockholders' equity (GAAP) 1,034,085 843,719 1,034,085 843,719 877,197 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets Goodwill (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) Other intangible assets (8,866) (11,813) (8,866) (11,813) (10,984) Tangible stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) 931,736 738,423 931,736 738,423 772,730 Total common shares outstanding 27,665,918 24,942,645 27,665,918 24,942,645 24,960,639 Book value per share (GAAP) 37.38 33.83 37.38 33.83 35.14 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 33.68 29.60 33.68 29.60 30.96 Tangible net income and return on tangible stockholders equity: Net income (GAAP) 22,422 25,232 59,278 79,519 103,533 Add: Intangible amortization, net of tax 514 710 1,673 3,154 3,809 Tangible net income (non-GAAP) 22,936 25,942 60,951 82,673 107,342 Tangible stockholders equity (non-GAAP) (see above) 931,736 738,423 931,736 738,423 772,730 Return on stockholders equity (GAAP) 8.67 11.96 7.64 12.57 11.80 Return on tangible stockholders equity (non-GAAP) 9.85 14.05 8.72 14.93 13.89 Net interest margin - FTE basis: Net interest income (GAAP) 76,158 73,410 219,863 221,362 293,431 Taxable equivalent adjustment 1,132 1,286 3,606 3,816 5,086 Net interest income - FTE basis (non-GAAP) 77,290 74,696 223,469 225,178 298,517 Average earning assets 7,430,357 6,947,500 7,263,093 6,891,380 6,935,567 Net interest margin (GAAP) 4.10 4.23 4.04 4.28 4.23 Net interest margin - FTE basis (non-GAAP) 4.16 4.30 4.10 4.36 4.29 Tangible stockholders equity to tangible assets: Total assets (GAAP) 8,138,487 7,756,875 8,138,487 7,756,875 7,879,724 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets Goodwill (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) (93,483) Other intangible assets (8,866) (11,813) (8,866) (11,813) (10,984) Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 8,036,138 7,651,579 8,036,138 7,651,579 7,775,257 Tangible stockholders equity (non-GAAP) (see above) 931,736 738,423 931,736 738,423 772,730 Stockholders' equity to total assets (GAAP) 12.71 10.88 12.71 10.88 11.13 Tangible stockholders equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 11.59 9.65 11.59 9.65 9.94 
 56 

For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 2023 Tangible stockholders equity to tangible assets reflecting net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax: Tangible stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) (see above) 931,736 738,423 931,736 738,423 772,730 Less: Net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (2,852) (5,001) (2,852) (5,001) (3,629) Tangible stockholders equity less net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (non-GAAP) 928,884 733,422 928,884 733,422 769,101 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) (see above) 8,036,138 7,651,579 8,036,138 7,651,579 7,775,257 Less: Net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (2,852) (5,001) (2,852) (5,001) (3,629) Tangible assets less net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (non-GAAP) 8,033,286 7,646,578 8,033,286 7,646,578 7,771,628 Tangible stockholders equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 11.59 9.65 11.59 9.65 9.94 Tangible stockholders equity to tangible assets reflecting net unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax (non-GAAP) 11.56 9.59 11.56 9.59 9.90 Net income excluding merger costs: Net income (GAAP) 22,422 25,232 59,278 79,519 103,533 Add: Merger costs Merger related expenses 1,633 5,168 Income tax effect on merger related expenses (400) (1,018) Total merger costs 1,233 4,150 Net income excluding merger costs (non-GAAP) 23,655 25,232 63,428 79,519 103,533 Return on average total assets excluding merger costs: Return on average total assets (ROAA) (GAAP) 1.13 1.34 1.01 1.42 1.38 Add: Impact of merger costs, net of tax 0.06 0.07 ROAA excluding merger costs (non-GAAP) 1.19 1.34 1.08 1.42 1.38 Return on average stockholders equity excluding merger costs: Return on average stockholders' equity (ROAE) (GAAP) 8.79 12.03 8.02 12.97 12.50 Add: Impact of merger costs, net of tax 0.48 0.56 ROAE excluding merger costs (non-GAAP) 9.27 12.03 8.58 12.97 12.50 Efficiency ratio excluding merger related expenses: Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 65.83 61.02 66.10 60.19 59.81 Less: Impact of merger related expenses (1.67) (1.80) Efficiency ratio excluding merger related expenses (non-GAAP) 64.16 61.02 64.30 60.19 59.81 Diluted earnings per share excluding merger costs: Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 0.79 1.00 2.12 3.13 4.08 Add: Impact of merger costs, net of tax 0.05 0.15 Diluted earnings per share excluding merger costs (non-GAAP) 0.84 1.00 2.27 3.13 4.08 
 57 

Segments 
 Banking 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Income before income taxes decreased 4.1 million to 28.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 32.7 million for the same period in 2023. The period over period decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net interest income, increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by an increase in noninterest income. Net interest income decreased 1.1 million to 72.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 73.5 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to continued intense competition for deposits amidst the elevated interest rate environment. Salary and employee benefits increased 2.8 million to 30.5 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 27.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased headcount, including the hiring of C I bankers. Other noninterest expenses increased 1.6 million to 11.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 9.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to merger related expenses. Other noninterest income increased 1.4 million to 2.8 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 1.4 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of investments related to our deferred compensation plan. Identifiable assets for our Banking segment increased 126.1 million to 7.0 billion at September 30, 2024 from 6.8 billion at September 30, 2023. The growth in identifiable assets was primarily driven by organic growth in our loan portfolios. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Income before income taxes decreased 31.7 million to 76.7 million for the nine months en ded September 30, 2024, from 108.4 million for the same period in 2023. The period over period decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net interest income, an increase in provision for credit losses, and an increase in salary and employee benefits. Net interest income decreased 10.0 million to 210.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 220.6 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to continued intense competition for deposits amidst the elevated interest rate environment and a mix shift to higher cost deposit products, including certificate of deposit and interest bearing demand accounts. Provision for credit losses increased 12.0 million to 24.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.4 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to a 14.1 million provision for credit loss on a specific customer in our C I loan portfolio. Salary and employee benefits increased 9.6 million to 91.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 81.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased headcount, including the hiring of C I bankers. 
 Mortgage Operations 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Income before income taxes increased 1.5 million to 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in 2023. The period over period increase was primarily due to an increase in net interest income and increase in revenue from mortgage banking services, partially offset by an increase in provision for credit losses and increase in salary and employee benefits. Net interest income increased 3.8 million to 5.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher average balance and higher average yield on residential real estate loans. Revenue from mortgage banking services increased 1.5 million to 9.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 7.9 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in revenue related to net sale gains and fees from mortgage loan originations, including fair value changes in the held-for-sale portfolio and hedging activity. Provision (release) for credit losses increased 1.1 million to (1.4) million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to (2.4) million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to growth in our residential mortgage portfolio. Salary and employee benefits increased 2.5 million to 8.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 5.8 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher levels of variable compensation associated with an increase in mortgage loan originations. Identifiable assets for our Mortgage Operations segment increased 176.8 million to 1.0 billion at September 30, 2024 from 0.9 billion at September 30, 2023. The growth in identifiable assets was primarily driven by organic growth in our residential mortgage portfolio. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Income (loss) before income taxes increased 7.7 million to 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a loss of 0.2 million for the same period in 2023 . The period over period increase was primarily due to an increase in net interest income and an increase in revenue from mortgage banking services, partially offset by an increase in salary and employee benefits. Net interest income increased 8.4 million to 13.0 million for the nine months ended 
 58 

September 30, 2024, compared to 4.5 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher average balance and higher average yield on residential real estate loans. Revenue from mortgage banking services increased 3.5 million to 31.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 27.6 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in revenue related to net sale gains and fees from mortgage loan originations, including fair value changes in the held-for-sale portfolio and hedging activity. Salary and employee benefits increased 4.0 million to 23.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19.9 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher levels of variable compensation associated with an increase in mortgage loan originations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the period. Our accounting and reporting estimates are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Estimates that are susceptible to significant changes include accounting for the allowance for credit losses and fair value measurements of MSRs, both of which require significant judgments by management. Actual results could result in material changes to our consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations. 
 Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. We have identified the determination of the allowance for credit losses and fair value measurements of MSRs to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments and, as such, could be most subject to revision as new or additional information becomes available or circumstances change, including overall changes in the economic climate and/or market interest rates. Therefore, we consider these policies to be critical accounting estimates and we discuss them directly with the audit committee of our board of directors at least annually. 
 The following is a description of our critical accounting estimates and an explanation of the methods and assumptions underlying their application. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Management maintains an ACL for loans based upon management s estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date, excluding loans held for sale. Additionally, management maintains an ACL for held-to-maturity or available-for-sale debt securities, and other off-balance sheet credit exposures (e.g., unfunded loan commitments). For loans and unfunded loan commitments, the estimate of lifetime credit losses includes the use of quantitative models that incorporate forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios that are applied over the contractual lives of the portfolios, adjusted, as appropriate, for prepayments and permitted extension options using historical experience. For purposes of the ACL for lending commitments, such allowance is determined using the same methodology as the ACL for loans, while also taking into consideration the probability of drawdowns or funding, and whether such commitments are cancellable by us. The ACL for held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities is measured using a risk-adjusted discounted cash flow approach that also considers relevant current and forward-looking economic variables and the ACL is limited to the difference between the fair value of the security and its amortized cost. Judgment is specifically applied in the determination of economic assumptions, length of the initial loss forecast period, the reversion of losses beyond the initial forecast period, usage of macroeconomic scenarios, probabilities of default, losses given default, amortization and prepayment rates, and qualitative factors, which may not be adequately captured in the loss model, as further discussed below. 
 The macroeconomic scenarios utilized by management include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, housing and commercial real estate prices, gross domestic product levels, corporate bond spreads and changes in equity market prices. Management derives the economic forecasts it uses in its ACL model from Moody s Analytics. The latter has a large team of economics, database managers and operational engineers with a history of producing monthly economic forecasts for over 25 years. 
 Management has currently set an initial forecast period reasonable and supportable period of four years and a reversion period of one year, utilizing a straight-line approach and reverting back to the historical macroeconomic mean. After the reversion period, a historical loss forecast period covering the remaining contractual life, adjusted for prepayments, is used based on changes in key historical economic variables during representative historical expansionary and recessionary periods. Changes in economic forecasts impact the probability of default PD ), loss-given default LGD ), and exposure at default EAD for each instrument, and therefore influence the amount of future cash flows for each instrument that management does not expect to collect. 
 59 

Further, management periodically considers the need for qualitative adjustments to the ACL. Qualitative adjustments may be related to and include, but not limited to, factors such as the following: (i) management s assessment of economic forecasts used in the model and how those forecasts align with management s overall evaluation of current and expected economic conditions; (ii) organization specific risks such as credit concentrations, collateral specific risks, nature, and size of the portfolio and external factors that may ultimately impact credit quality, and (iii) other limitations associated with factors such as changes in underwriting and loan resolution strategies, among others. The qualitative factors applied on September 30, 2024, and the importance and levels of the qualitative factors applied, may change in future periods depending on the level of changes to items such as the uncertainty of economic conditions and management s assessment of the level of credit risk within the loan portfolio as a result of such changes, compared to the amount of ACL calculated by the model. The evaluation of qualitative factors is inherently imprecise and requires significant management judgment. 
 The ACL can also be impacted by factors outside of management s control, which include unanticipated changes in asset quality of the portfolio, such as deterioration in borrower delinquencies, or credit scores in our residential real estate and consumer portfolio. Further, the current fair value of collateral is utilized to assess the expected credit losses when a financial asset is considered to be collateral dependent. 
 Our process for determining the ACL is further discussed in Note 1 - Basis of Presentation, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our 2023 Annual Report . 
 Fair Value Measurement of MSRs - Our residential mortgage servicing rights are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. We estimate the fair value of our MSRs using a process that utilizes a discounted cash flow model and analysis of current market data to arrive at the estimate. The cash flow assumptions used in the model are based on numerous factors, with the key assumptions being mortgage prepayment speeds, discount rates and cost to service that management believes are consistent with the assumptions that other similar market participants use in valuing MSRs. The change of any of these key assumptions due to market conditions or other factors could materially affect the fair value of our MSRs. We also utilize a third-party consulting firm to assist us with the valuation. Because of the nature of the valuation inputs, we classify the valuation of our MSRs as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 4 - Mortgage Servicing Rights for our assumptions used in valuing the MSRs. For information concerning the hypothetical sensitivity of the key assumptions under adverse changes on our MSRs, see the table under Noninterest Income elsewhere in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report. 
 60 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth components of our results of operations: 
 As of and for the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 As of and for the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 in thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income 76,158 73,410 219,863 221,362 Provision for credit losses 5,000 3,890 22,700 11,672 Noninterest income 22,075 18,650 68,157 61,871 Noninterest expense 64,664 56,176 190,367 170,485 Income before income taxes 28,569 31,994 74,953 101,076 Provision for income taxes 6,147 6,762 15,675 21,557 Net income 22,422 25,232 59,278 79,519 Diluted earnings per share 0.79 1.00 2.12 3.13 Return on average total assets 1.13 1.34 1.01 1.42 Return on average stockholders' equity 8.79 12.03 8.02 12.97 Net interest margin 4.10 4.23 4.04 4.28 Net interest margin - FTE basis (non-GAAP) (1) 4.16 4.30 4.10 4.36 Efficiency ratio 65.83 61.02 66.10 60.19 Noninterest income to total revenue (2) 22.47 20.26 23.66 21.84 (1) See section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. (2) Total revenue is net interest income plus noninterest income. 
 
 General 
 Our results of operations depend significantly on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of interest income on loans and investment securities and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits and borrowings. Our results of operations are also dependent on our generation of noninterest income, consisting primarily of income from mortgage banking services, service charges on deposit accounts, trust and investment advisory fees and credit and debit card fees. Other factors contributing to our results of operations include our provisions for credit losses, income taxes, and noninterest expenses, such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, amortization of intangible assets and other operating costs. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income, representing interest income less interest expense, is a significant contributor to our revenues and earnings. We generate interest income from interest and dividends on interest-earning assets, which are principally comprised of loans and investment securities. We incur interest expense from interest owed or paid on interest-bearing liabilities, including interest-bearing deposits, FHLB advances and other borrowings. Net interest income and margin are shaped by the characteristics of the underlying products, including volume, term and structure of each product. We measure and monitor yields on our loans and other interest-earning assets, the costs of our deposits and other funding sources, our net interest spread and our net interest margin. Net interest spread is the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 Interest earned on our loan portfolio is the largest component of our interest income. Our loan portfolios are presented at the principal amount outstanding net of deferred origination fees and unamortized discounts and premiums. Interest income is recognized based on the principal balance outstanding and the stated rate of the loan. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are capitalized and recognized as an adjustment of the yield on the related loan. Non-PCD loans acquired are initially recorded at fair value and the resulting discount or premium are recognized as an adjustment of the yield on the related loans. 
 Our net interest income can be significantly influenced by a variety of factors, including overall loan demand, economic conditions, credit risk, the amount of non-earning assets including nonperforming loans and OREO, the amounts of and rates at which assets and liabilities reprice, variances in prepayment of loans and securities, exercise of call options on borrowings or securities, a general rise or decline in interest rates, changes in the slope of the yield-curve, and balance sheet growth or contraction. 
 61 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our net interest income was 76.2 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 2.7 million, or 3.7 , compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on loans increased by 8.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on investment securities increased by 0.5 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on interest-bearing cash and other assets increased by 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest expense from total interest-bearing liabilities increased by 9.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Total average loans grew to 6.5 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.3 billion or 4.5 , compared to September 30, 2023, due to organic growth in our loan portfolio. Yield on loans increased 27 basis points for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the elevated interest rate environment for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the lower, yet rising interest rate environment for the third quarter of 2023, its impact on variable rate loans, and higher yields on new originations. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 0.4 billion, or 7.5 , for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily to support the growth in our loan portfolio. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 0.3 billion, or 7.0 , for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Average FHLB borrowings increased 0.1 billion, or 60.8 , for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Our net interest margin was 4.10 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 4.23 for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 13 basis points. We experienced a 25 basis point increase in yield from earning assets while our total cost of funds increased by 53 basis points, for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. In the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, we saw the level of increase in our total cost of funds exceed the level of increase in yield from earning assets primarily as a result of the continued intense competition for deposits amidst the elevated interest rate environment and mix shift to higher cost deposit products, including certificate of deposit and interest bearing demand accounts. 
 
 62 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our net interest income was 219.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.5 million, or 0.7 , compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on loans increased by 32.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on investment securities increased by 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on interest-bearing cash and other assets increased by 6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest expense from total interest-bearing liabilities increased by 41.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Total average loans grew to 6.4 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.2 billion, compared to September 30, 2023, primarily due to organic growth in our loan portfolios. Yield on loans increased 44 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the elevated interest rate environment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the lower, yet rising interest rate environment for the same period in 2023, its impact on variable rate loans, and higher yields on new originations. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 0.4 billion, or 7.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 0.6 billion, or 13.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Average FHLB borrowings decreased 0.2 billion, or 62.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Our net interest margin was 4.04 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.28 for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 24 basis points. We experienced a 43 basis point increase in yield from earning assets and our total cost of funds increased by 91 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we saw the level of increase in our total cost of funds exceed the level of increase in yield from earning assets primarily as a result of the continued intense competition for deposits amidst the elevated interest rate environment and mix shift to higher cost deposit products, including certificate of deposit and interest bearing demand accounts. 
 
 63 

The following tables set forth information related to our average balance sheet, average yields on assets, and average costs of liabilities for the periods presented. We derived these yields by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. We derived average balances from the daily balances throughout the periods indicated. 
 As of and for the three months ended September 30,: 
 2024 2023 (In thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Interest Earning Assets Loans (1) 6,460,484 108,441 6.71 6,180,684 99,565 6.44 Investment securities 527,241 4,769 3.62 545,257 4,226 3.10 Interest-bearing cash and other assets 442,632 5,722 5.17 221,559 2,984 5.39 Total earning assets 7,430,357 118,932 6.40 6,947,500 106,775 6.15 Other assets 534,740 557,988 Total assets 7,965,097 7,505,488 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand and NOW deposits 657,537 6,167 3.75 466,837 3,813 3.27 Savings deposits 411,526 739 0.72 439,172 680 0.62 Money market deposits 2,140,552 12,053 2.25 2,026,028 7,997 1.58 Certificates of deposits 1,800,502 20,626 4.58 1,748,515 18,406 4.21 Total deposits 5,010,117 39,585 3.16 4,680,552 30,896 2.64 Repurchase agreements 13,528 44 1.29 26,549 65 0.98 Total deposits and repurchase agreements 5,023,645 39,629 3.16 4,707,101 30,961 2.63 FHLB borrowings 135,641 1,901 5.61 84,332 1,139 5.40 Other long-term borrowings 75,654 1,244 6.58 78,680 1,265 6.44 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,234,940 42,774 3.27 4,870,113 33,365 2.74 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,568,685 1,654,090 Other liabilities 141,206 142,027 Stockholders' equity 1,020,266 839,258 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 7,965,097 7,505,488 Net interest income 76,158 73,410 Net interest spread 3.13 3.41 Net interest margin 4.10 4.23 Net interest margin - FTE basis (non-GAAP) (2) 4.16 4.30 (1) Includes loans held-for-investment, including nonaccrual loans, and loans held-for-sale. (2) See section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent 
 64 

As of and for the nine months ended September 30,: 
 2024 2023 (In thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Interest Earning Assets Loans (1) 6,386,620 315,893 6.59 6,144,057 283,486 6.15 Investment securities 532,562 14,028 3.51 559,855 12,617 3.00 Interest-bearing cash and other assets 343,911 13,580 5.26 187,468 7,607 5.41 Total earning assets 7,263,093 343,501 6.31 6,891,380 303,710 5.88 Other assets 543,916 553,628 Total assets 7,807,009 7,445,008 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand and NOW deposits 609,632 16,924 3.70 343,112 7,171 2.79 Savings deposits 415,687 2,179 0.70 452,298 1,616 0.48 Money market deposits 2,098,927 32,497 2.06 2,142,301 18,939 1.18 Certificates of deposits 1,812,839 62,859 4.62 1,407,264 38,078 3.61 Total deposits 4,937,085 114,459 3.09 4,344,975 65,804 2.02 Repurchase agreements 17,099 148 1.15 29,953 163 0.73 Total deposits and repurchase agreements 4,954,184 114,607 3.08 4,374,928 65,967 2.01 FHLB borrowings 125,799 5,297 5.61 335,485 12,576 5.00 Other long-term borrowings 75,522 3,734 6.59 79,801 3,805 6.36 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,155,505 123,638 3.20 4,790,214 82,348 2.29 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,529,793 1,705,392 Other liabilities 136,491 131,628 Stockholders equity 985,220 817,774 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 7,807,009 7,445,008 Net interest income 219,863 221,362 Net interest spread 3.11 3.59 Net interest margin 4.04 4.28 Net interest margin - FTE basis (non-GAAP) (2) 4.10 4.36 (1) Includes loans held-for-investment, including nonaccrual loans, and loans held-for-sale. (2) See section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent 
 65 

Rate-Volume Analysis 
 The tables below present the effect of volume and rate changes on interest income and expense. Changes due to volume are changes in the average balance multiplied by the previous period s average rate. Changes due to rate are changes in the average rate multiplied by the average balance from the prior period. The net changes attributable to the combined impact of both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 2024 Versus 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to: 
 (In thousands) Rate Volume Total Interest Earning Assets Loans (1) 4,271 4,605 8,876 Investment securities 677 (134) 543 Interest-bearing cash (115) 2,853 2,738 Total earning assets 4,833 7,324 12,157 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand and NOW deposits 627 1,727 2,354 Savings deposits 97 (38) 59 Money market deposits 3,581 475 4,056 Certificates of deposits 1,661 559 2,220 Total deposits 5,966 2,723 8,689 Repurchase agreements 40 (61) (21) Total deposits and repurchase agreements 6,006 2,662 8,668 FHLB borrowings 44 718 762 Other long-term borrowings 30 (51) (21) Total interest-bearing liabilities 6,080 3,329 9,409 Net interest income (1,247) 3,995 2,748 (1) Includes loans held-for-investment, including nonaccrual loans, and loans held-for-sale. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 Versus 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to: 
 (In thousands) Rate Volume Total Interest Earning Assets Loans (1) 20,930 11,477 32,407 Investment securities 1,984 (573) 1,411 Interest-bearing cash (199) 6,172 5,973 Total earning assets 22,715 17,076 39,791 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand and NOW deposits 2,897 6,856 9,753 Savings deposits 681 (118) 563 Money market deposits 13,933 (375) 13,558 Certificates of deposits 12,244 12,537 24,781 Total deposits 29,755 18,900 48,655 Repurchase agreements (55) 40 (15) Total deposits and repurchase agreements 29,700 18,940 48,640 FHLB borrowings 1,787 (9,066) (7,279) Other long-term borrowings 157 (228) (71) Total interest-bearing liabilities 31,644 9,646 41,290 Net interest income (8,929) 7,430 (1,499) (1) Includes loans held-for-investment, including nonaccrual loans, and loans held-for-sale. 
 66 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 We established an allowance for credit losses through a provision for credit losses charged as an expense in our consolidated statements of income. The provision for credit losses is the amount of expense that, based on our judgment, is required to maintain the allowance for credit losses at an adequate level to absorb expected losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and that, in management s judgment, is appropriate under GAAP. Our determination of the amount of the allowance for credit losses and corresponding provision for credit losses considers ongoing evaluations of the credit quality and level of credit risk inherent in our loan portfolio, levels of nonperforming loans and charge-offs, statistical trends and economic and other relevant factors. The allowance for credit losses is increased by the provision for credit losses and is decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries on prior loan charge-offs. 
 We had a provision for credit losses of 5.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 3.9 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to loan growth and deterioration on a specific customer relationship in our loan portfolio. 
 We had a provision for credit losses of 22.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.7 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in the provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a 14.1 million provision for credit loss on a specific customer in our C I loan portfolio in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The following table presents noninterest income: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service charges on deposit accounts 6,240 5,475 17,954 15,848 Credit and debit card fees 2,806 2,996 8,616 9,034 Trust and investment advisory fees 1,395 1,398 4,351 4,337 Income from mortgage banking services, net 8,838 7,413 29,383 26,501 Other 2,796 1,368 7,853 6,151 Total noninterest income 22,075 18,650 68,157 61,871 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our noninterest income increased 3.4 million to 22.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 18.7 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts includes overdraft and non-sufficient funds charges, treasury management services provided to our business customers, and other maintenance fees on deposit accounts. For the third quarter of 2024, service charges on deposit accounts increased 0.8 million, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased treasury management service fee income. 
 Credit and debit card fees represent interchange income from credit and debit card activity and referral fees earned from processing fees on card transactions by our business customers. Credit and debit card fees decreased 0.2 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, as card transaction volumes decreased slightly. 
 Trust and investment advisory fees represent fees we receive in connection with our investment advisory and custodial management services of investment accounts. Trust and investment advisory fees were largely unchanged for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 67 

The components of income from mortgage banking services were as follows: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net sale gains and fees from mortgage loan originations, including loans held-for-sale changes in fair value and hedging 4,669 3,689 Mortgage servicing income 4,321 3,954 MSR capitalization and changes in fair value, net of derivative activity (152) (230) Income from mortgage banking services, net 8,838 7,413 
 For the third quarter of 2024, income from mortgage banking services increased 1.4 million, compared to the same period in 2023. Total loan originations for sale were 305.2 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 105.1 million from 200.1 million for the same period in 2023. Despite slightly declining margins, the increase in loan originations sold resulted in the increase in revenue related to net sale gains and fees from loan originations, including fair value changes in the held-for-sale portfolio and hedging activity. We retain servicing rights on the majority of mortgage loans that we sell, which drove the increase in servicing income of 0.4 million to 4.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 4.0 million for the same period in 2023. MSR capitalization and changes in fair value, net of derivative activity, increased 0.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in revenue related to our MSRs was primarily the result of changes in market interest rates and our corresponding hedging positions. We recognize fair value adjustments to our MSR asset, which includes changes in assumptions to the valuation model and pay-offs and pay-downs of the MSR portfolio. We also maintain a hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the fair value of our MSR portfolio. Changes in fair value of the derivative instruments used to economically hedge the MSRs are also included as a component of income from mortgage banking services. Due to a number of factors and until we see a change in these factors, including elevated interest rates, low inventory in the housing market and lower refinance volumes, for the immediate future, we do not expect revenue from mortgage banking activities to return to levels seen in prior years which will reduce the amount of income from mortgage banking services, net, recorded in future periods in comparison to prior year periods. 
 The following table shows the hypothetical effect on the fair value of our MSRs when applying certain unfavorable variations of key assumptions to these assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 (In thousands) 10 20 Discount rate (3,017) (5,900) Total prepayment speeds (2,564) (5,013) Cost of servicing each loan (883) (1,785) 
 These hypothetical sensitivities should be evaluated with care. The effect on fair value of an adverse change in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the impact of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value is calculated while holding other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. 
 We also maintain a hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the fair value of our MSR portfolio. Changes in fair value of the derivative instruments used to economically hedge the MSRs are also included as a component of income from mortgage banking services. 
 Other noninterest income increased 1.4 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of investments related to our deferred compensation plan and a write-down of an other real estate owned property in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our noninterest income increased 6.3 million to 68.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 61.9 million for the same period in 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, service charges on deposit accounts increased 2.1 million, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased treasury management service fee income. 
 68 

Credit and debit card fees decreased 0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, as card transaction volumes decreased slightly. 
 Trust and investment advisory fees were largely unchanged for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 The components of income from mortgage banking services were as follows: 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net sale gains and fees from mortgage loan originations, including loans held-for-sale changes in fair value and hedging 14,905 11,446 Mortgage servicing income 12,580 11,614 MSR capitalization and changes in fair value, net of derivative activity 1,898 3,441 Income from mortgage banking services, net 29,383 26,501 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income from mortgage banking services increased 2.9 million, compared to the same period in 2023. Total loan originations for sale were 797.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 163.6 million from 634.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in loan originations sold and higher margins, resulted in the increase in revenue related to net sale gains and fees from loan originations, including fair value changes in the held-for-sale portfolio and hedging activity. We retain servicing rights on the majority of mortgage loans that we sell, which drove the increase in servicing income of 1.0 million to 12.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 11.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. MSR capitalization and changes in fair value, net of derivative activity, decreased 1.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease in revenue related to our MSRs was primarily the result of changes in market interest rates and our corresponding hedging positions. 
 Other noninterest income increased 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of investments related to our deferred compensation plan and an increase in income from BOLI. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents noninterest expense: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Salary and employee benefits 39,306 33,968 116,487 103,073 Occupancy and equipment 9,121 8,487 26,417 24,977 Amortization of intangible assets 651 899 2,118 3,993 Merger-related expenses 1,633 5,168 Other 13,953 12,822 40,177 38,442 Total noninterest expenses 64,664 56,176 190,367 170,485 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our noninterest expenses increased 8.5 million to 64.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 56.2 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Salary and employee benefits increased 5.3 million to 39.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 34.0 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased headcount, including the hiring of C I bankers, and higher variable compensation due to an increase in mortgage loan originations. 
 Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 included 1.6 million in merger related expenses. There were no merger related expenses for the same period in 2023. 
 69 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Our noninterest expenses increased 19.9 million to 190.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 170.5 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Salary and employee benefits increased 13.4 million to 116.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 103.1 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased headcount, including the hiring of C I bankers, and higher variable compensation due to an increase in mortgage loan originations. 
 Amortization of intangible assets decreased 1.9 million to 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.0 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to accelerated amortization in the second quarter of 2023 of our core deposit intangible asset recognized in conjunction with a prior acquisition. 
 Merger related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 5.2 million. There were no merger related expenses during the same period in 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 We had income tax expense for the third quarter of 2024 of 6.1 million, compared to income tax expense of 6.8 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in income tax expense was due to a decline in income during the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Our effective tax rate was 21.5 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.1 for the same period in 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 We had income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 15.7 million, compared to 21.6 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily due to a decline in income during the period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Our effective tax rate was 20.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 21.3 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Balance Sheet 
 Our total assets were 8.1 billion and 7.9 billion, total liabilities were 7.1 billion and 7.0 billion, and total stockholders equity was 1.0 billion and 0.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Investment Securities 
 Our securities portfolio is used to make various term investments, maintain a source of liquidity and serve as collateral for certain types of deposits and borrowings. We manage our investment portfolio according to written investment policies approved by our board of directors. Investment in our securities portfolio may change over time based on our funding needs and interest rate risk management objectives. Our liquidity levels take into account anticipated future cash flows and other available sources of funds, and are maintained at levels that we believe are appropriate to provide the necessary flexibility to meet our anticipated funding requirements. 
 Our investment securities portfolio consists of securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. There were no trading securities in our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. All available-for sale securities are carried at fair value and may be used for liquidity purposes should management consider it to be in our best interest. 
 Our securities available-for-sale decreased by 19.9 million to 496.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to amortization of the portfolio. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the securities held-to-maturity decreased 1.1 million to 35.9 million. 
 70 

The following table is a summary of our investment portfolio as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Carrying Amount of Portfolio Carrying Amount of Portfolio Available-for-sale: U.S. treasury 40,648 8.2 54,234 10.5 U.S. agency 1,034 0.1 1,839 0.4 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 27,154 5.5 25,970 5.0 Mortgage backed - residential 99,733 20.1 106,433 20.6 Collateralized mortgage obligations 172,681 34.8 181,533 35.1 Mortgage backed - commercial 139,419 28.1 131,192 25.4 Other debt 16,142 3.2 15,556 3.0 Total available-for-sale 496,811 100.0 516,757 100.0 Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions 25,670 71.5 25,542 69.1 Mortgage backed - residential 6,874 19.2 7,548 20.4 Collateralized mortgage obligations 3,341 9.3 3,893 10.5 Total held-to-maturity 35,885 100.0 36,983 100.0 
 The following table shows the weighted average yield to average life, which considers expected prepayments, of each category of investment securities as of September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Carrying Amount Average Yield Carrying Amount Average Yield Carrying Amount Average Yield Carrying Amount Average Yield Available-for-sale: U.S. treasury 8,145 1.29 32,503 1.28 U.S. agency 517 6.81 517 6.54 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 17,638 2.95 9,516 2.90 Mortgage backed - residential 2,000 1.52 29,457 2.83 40,602 1.98 27,674 2.33 Collateralized mortgage obligations 1,505 2.66 34,332 3.45 135,949 3.53 895 2.83 Mortgage backed - commercial 5,313 2.91 66,911 3.58 67,195 2.82 Other debt 4,038 3.71 10,194 2.52 1,910 3.75 Total available-for-sale 16,963 1.95 167,758 2.99 272,095 3.05 39,995 2.55 Held-to-maturity: Obligations of states and political subdivisions 1,005 2.06 24,665 3.52 Mortgage backed - residential 14 5.06 3,988 2.52 19 6.01 2,853 3.24 Collateralized mortgage obligations 171 2.43 3,170 2.76 Total held-to-maturity 185 2.63 8,163 2.56 19 6.01 27,518 3.49 
 
 71 

Loans 
 Our loan portfolio represents a broad range of borrowers primarily in our markets in Texas, Kansas, Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona, primarily comprised of commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, residential real estate, and public finance loans. We have a diversified portfolio across a variety of industries, and the portfolio is generally centered in the states in which we have branch offices. Our lending focus continues to be on operating companies, including commercial and industrial loans and lines-of-credit, as well as owner occupied commercial real estate loans. 
 Total loans held-for-investment, net of deferred fees, costs, premiums and discounts were 6.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and 6.3 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio, as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amount of total loans Amount of total loans Commercial and industrial 2,527,636 39.2 2,467,688 39.4 Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied 821,670 12.8 812,235 13.0 Owner occupied 700,325 10.9 635,365 10.2 Construction and land 333,457 5.2 345,430 5.5 Multifamily 95,125 1.5 103,066 1.6 Total commercial real estate 1,950,577 30.4 1,896,096 30.3 Residential real estate 1,172,459 18.2 1,110,610 17.7 Public finance 536,776 8.3 602,913 9.6 Consumer 45,267 0.7 36,371 0.6 Other 211,041 3.2 153,418 2.4 Total loans 6,443,756 100.0 6,267,096 100.0 
 Commercial and industrial loans include loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment and inventory purchases, and other expansion projects. These loans are made primarily in our market areas and are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service the debt from revenue, and are generally extended under our normal credit standards, controls and monitoring systems. 
 Commercial real estate CRE loans include owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate mortgage loans to operating commercial and agricultural businesses, and include both loans for long-term financing of land and buildings and loans made for the initial development or construction of a commercial real estate project. Non-owner occupied CRE loans were 74.5 of the Company s risk-based capital, or 12.8 of total loans as of September 30, 2024. Non-owner occupied CRE loans associated with office space were 103.4 million, or 1.6 of total loans as of September 30, 2024. Owner occupied CRE loans associated with office space were 185.4 million, or 2.9 of total loans as of September 30, 2024. 
 Residential real estate loans represent loans to consumers collateralized by a mortgage on a residence and include purchase money, refinancing, secondary mortgages, and home equity loans and lines of credit. 
 Public finance loans include loans to our charter school and municipal based customers. 
 Consumer loans include direct consumer installment loans, credit card accounts, overdrafts and other revolving loans. 
 Other loans consist of loans to nondepository financial institutions, lease financing receivables and loans for agricultural production. 

72 

Maturities and Sensitivity of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
 The information in the following tables is based on the contractual maturities of individual loans, including loans that may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal of these loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms upon maturity. Actual repayments of loans may differ from the maturities reflected below because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. The following tables summarize the loan maturity distribution by type and related interest rate characteristics as of September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) One year or less After one through five years After five through 15 years After 15 years Total Commercial and industrial 472,926 1,742,163 287,132 25,415 2,527,636 Commercial real estate 373,100 1,101,099 420,619 55,759 1,950,577 Residential real estate 115,344 34,727 63,492 958,896 1,172,459 Public finance 27,632 147,760 243,897 117,487 536,776 Consumer 15,017 13,729 16,308 213 45,267 Other 78,693 110,523 18,215 3,610 211,041 Total loans 1,082,712 3,150,001 1,049,663 1,161,380 6,443,756 
 (In thousands) One year or less After one through five years After five through 15 years After 15 years Total Total Loans Maturing After 1 Year Loans maturing with: Fixed interest rates Commercial and industrial 25,421 267,569 188,858 535 482,383 456,962 Commercial real estate 184,872 590,407 71,335 1,284 847,898 663,026 Residential real estate 86,675 22,426 46,120 312,333 467,554 380,879 Public finance 25,797 147,760 240,564 117,487 531,608 505,811 Consumer 11,443 9,623 16,225 37,291 25,848 Other 11,295 26,176 17,559 3,610 58,640 47,345 Total fixed interest rate loans 345,503 1,063,961 580,661 435,249 2,425,374 2,079,871 Floating or adjustable interest rates Commercial and industrial 447,505 1,474,594 98,274 24,880 2,045,253 1,597,748 Commercial real estate 188,228 510,692 349,284 54,475 1,102,679 914,451 Residential real estate 28,669 12,301 17,372 646,563 704,905 676,236 Public finance 1,835 3,333 5,168 3,333 Consumer 3,574 4,106 83 213 7,976 4,402 Other 67,398 84,347 656 152,401 85,003 Total floating or adjustable interest rate loans 737,209 2,086,040 469,002 726,131 4,018,382 3,281,173 Total loans 1,082,712 3,150,001 1,049,663 1,161,380 6,443,756 5,361,044 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level we believe is sufficient to absorb expected losses in our loan portfolio given the conditions at the time and our estimates of future economic conditions. Events that are not within our control, such as changes in economic factors, could change subsequent to the reporting date and could cause increases or decreases to the allowance. The amount of the allowance is affected by loan charge-offs, which decrease the allowance; recoveries on loans previously charged off, which increase the allowance; and the provision for credit losses charged to earnings, which increases the allowance. 
 In determining the provision for credit losses, management monitors fluctuations in the allowance resulting from actual charge-offs and recoveries and reviews the size and composition of the loan portfolio in light of current and anticipated economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as events change. 
 73 

The following table presents, by loan type, the changes in the allowance for credit losses: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2023 Balance, beginning of period 78,960 77,362 80,398 65,917 65,917 Impact of adopting ASC 326 5,256 5,256 Adjusted beginning balance 78,960 77,362 80,398 71,173 71,173 Loan charge-offs: Commercial and industrial (1,116) (2,963) (20,743) (3,751) (9,242) Commercial real estate (474) (474) (83) Residential real estate (38) (13) Public finance Consumer (52) (136) (353) (268) (334) Other Total loan charge-offs (1,642) (3,099) (21,608) (4,019) (9,672) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off: Commercial and industrial 206 155 667 249 1,118 Commercial real estate 4 9 9 12 12 Residential real estate 627 8 648 682 Public finance Consumer 31 12 85 43 50 Other Total loan recoveries 241 803 769 952 1,862 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (1,401) (2,296) (20,839) (3,067) (7,810) Provision for credit losses (1) 5,600 3,600 23,600 10,560 17,035 Balance, end of period 83,159 78,666 83,159 78,666 80,398 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.29 1.27 1.29 1.27 1.28 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 0.09 0.15 0.44 0.07 0.13 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded a provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments of (600) and 290, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded a provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments of (900) and 1,112, respectively. For further information, see Note 3 - Loans . 
 
 The following table presents net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding by loan category: 
 For the three months ended 
 September 30, 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commercial and industrial 0.13 0.42 0.96 0.17 Commercial real estate 0.11 0.04 Residential real estate (0.27) (0.09) Consumer 0.20 1.23 0.88 0.73 
 74 

Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table presents the allocation of the allowance for credit losses by category and the percentage of loans by category to total loans as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Allowance Amount of loans in each category to total loans Allowance Amount of loans in each category to total loans Commercial and industrial 33,499 39.2 29,523 39.4 Commercial real estate 28,897 30.3 27,546 30.3 Residential real estate 14,613 18.2 16,345 17.7 Public finance 4,258 8.3 5,337 9.6 Consumer 762 0.7 717 0.6 Other 1,130 3.3 930 2.4 Total 83,159 100.0 80,398 100.0 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 We have established policies and procedures to guide us in originating, monitoring and maintaining the credit quality of our loan portfolio. These policies and procedures are expected to be followed by our bankers and underwriters and exceptions to these policies require elevated levels of approval and are reported to our board of directors. 
 Nonperforming assets include all loans categorized as nonaccrual, accrual loans greater than 90 days past due, and other real estate owned and other repossessed assets. The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued, or the loan is placed on nonaccrual, when the full collection of principal and interest is in doubt. We do not generally accrue interest on loans that are 90 days or more past due. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual, previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed and charged against interest income and future accruals of interest are discontinued. Payments by borrowers for loans on nonaccrual are applied to loan principal. Loans are returned to accrual status when, in our judgment, the borrower s ability to satisfy principal and interest obligations under the loan agreement has improved sufficiently to reasonably assure recovery of principal and the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment performance. In general, we require a minimum of six consecutive months of timely payments in accordance with the contractual terms before returning a loan to accrual status. 
 The following table sets forth our nonperforming assets as of: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans: Commercial and industrial 24,979 8,004 Commercial real estate 10,072 4,063 Residential real estate 21,095 22,413 Public finance 7,226 Consumer 45 10 Other 2,391 2,837 Total nonaccrual loans 65,808 37,327 Accrual loans greater than 90 days past due 16 25,816 Total nonperforming loans (1) 65,824 63,143 Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets, net 4,478 4,100 Total nonperforming assets 70,302 67,243 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 1.02 0.60 Nonperforming loans to total loans (1) 1.02 1.01 Nonperforming assets to total assets (1) 0.86 0.85 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 126.37 215.39 (1) Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and accrual loans greater than 90 days past due. 
 
 75 

Deposits 
 Deposits represent our primary source of funds. Total deposits increased by 0.3 billion to 6.6 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. 
 We are focused on growing our core deposits through relationship-based banking with our business and consumer clients. The following table presents our deposits by customer type as of: 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Consumer Noninterest bearing deposit accounts 397,880 360,168 Interest-bearing deposit accounts: Demand and NOW deposits 61,929 36,162 Savings deposits 331,811 343,291 Money market deposits 1,333,486 1,196,645 Certificates of deposits 1,247,348 1,437,537 Total interest-bearing deposit accounts 2,974,574 3,013,635 Total consumer deposits 3,372,454 3,373,803 Business Noninterest bearing deposit accounts 1,156,882 1,170,338 Interest-bearing deposit accounts: Demand and NOW deposits 624,952 555,197 Savings deposits 77,744 80,802 Money market deposits 865,767 825,811 Certificates of deposits 62,187 87,407 Total interest-bearing deposit accounts 1,630,650 1,549,217 Total business deposits 2,787,532 2,719,555 Wholesale deposits (1) 489,894 280,745 Total deposits 6,649,880 6,374,103 (1) Wholesale deposits primarily consist of brokered deposits included in our consolidated balance sheets within certificate of deposits. 
 The following table sets forth the average balance amounts and the average rates paid on deposits held by us: 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts 1,568,685 1,654,090 1,529,793 1,705,392 Interest-bearing deposit accounts: Interest-bearing demand accounts 615,707 3.90 428,471 3.47 568,042 3.87 300,674 3.08 Savings accounts and money market accounts 2,552,078 2.00 2,465,200 1.41 2,514,614 1.84 2,594,599 1.06 NOW accounts 41,830 1.50 38,366 1.08 41,590 1.40 42,438 0.76 Certificate of deposit accounts 1,800,502 4.58 1,748,515 4.21 1,812,839 4.62 1,407,264 3.61 Total interest-bearing deposit accounts 5,010,117 3.16 4,680,552 2.64 4,937,085 3.09 4,344,975 2.02 Total deposits 6,578,802 2.41 6,334,642 1.95 6,466,878 2.36 6,050,367 1.45 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 2.2 billion or 32.7 and 2.0 billion or 31.2 , respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 1.8 billion or 26.8 and 1.6 billion or 25.1 , respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured and uncollateralized. The uninsured and uninsured and uncollateralized amounts are estimates based on the methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting requirements. 
 We actively participate in the IntraFi Cash Service ICS / Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS program which provides FDIC insurance coverage for clients that maintain larger deposit balances. Deposits in the ICS / 
 76 

CDARS program totaled 0.7 billion, or 10.5 of all deposits as of September 30, 2024, and 0.6 billion, or 9.2 of all deposits as of December 31, 2023. 
 The following table sets forth the portion of the Bank's time deposits, by account, that are in excess of the FDIC insurance limit, by remaining time until maturity, as of September 30,: 
 (In thousands) 2024 Three months or less 100,191 Over three months through six months 55,489 Over six through twelve months 101,333 Over twelve months through three years 7,038 Over three years 1,232 Total 265,283 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity refers to our ability to maintain cash flow that is adequate to fund operations, support asset growth, maintain reserve requirements and meet present and future obligations of deposit withdrawals, lending obligations and other contractual obligations. 
 FirstSun (Parent Company) 
 FirstSun has routine funding requirements consisting primarily of operating expenses, debt service, and funds used for acquisitions. FirstSun can obtain funding to meet its obligations from dividends collected from its subsidiaries, primarily the Bank, and through the issuance of varying forms of debt. At September 30, 2024, FirstSun had available cash and cash equivalents of 110.6 million and debt outstanding of 78.9 million. Management believes FirstSun has the ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of liquidity to meet its requirements in the short-term and the long-term. 
 Federal banking laws regulate the amount of dividends that may be paid by banking subsidiaries without prior approval. The Bank may declare dividends without prior regulatory approval that do not exceed the total of retained net income for the current year combined with its retained net income for the preceding two years, subject to maintenance of minimum capital requirements. Prior regulatory approval to pay dividends was not required in 2023 and is not currently required. At September 30, 2024, the Bank could pay dividends to FirstSun of approximately 207.8 million without prior regulatory approval. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Bank did not pay dividends to FirstSun. If the HomeStreet merger is completed and/or Sunflower Bank converts to a Texas state chartered bank including membership with the Federal Reserve, regulations applicable to dividends, including the amount of dividends available to be paid by the Bank without prior regulatory approval, will change. 
 Bank 
 As more fully discussed in our 2023 Annual Report , we regularly monitor our liquidity position and make adjustments to the balance between sources and uses of funds as we deem appropriate. At September 30, 2024, our liquid assets, which consist of cash and amounts due from banks and interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions, amounted to 564.2 million, or 6.9 of total assets, compared to 473.0 million, or 6.0 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. The increase in our liquid assets was primarily due to an increase in cash held at the Federal Reserve. At September 30, 2024, approximately 81 of the investment securities portfolio was pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements. Our unencumbered available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2024 were 89.2 million, or 1.1 of total assets, compared to 81.5 million, or 1.0 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 77 

The liability portion of our balance sheet serves as a primary source of liquidity. We plan to meet our future cash needs primarily through the generation of deposits. Customer deposits have historically provided a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. At September 30, 2024, loans as a percentage of customer deposits were 96.9 , compared with 98.3 at December 31, 2023. For additional information related to our deposits, see Deposits section above. We are also a member of the FHLB and FRB, from which we can borrow for leverage or liquidity purposes. The FHLB and FRB requires that securities and qualifying loans be pledged to secure any advances. Liquidity sources available to us for immediate funding at September 30, 2024, are as follows: 
 FHLB borrowings available 1,358,914 Fed Funds lines 2,073,832 Unused lines with other financial institutions 160,000 Immediate funding availability 3,592,746 
 Management believes the Bank has the ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of liquidity to meet its requirements in the short-term and the long-term. 
 Capital 
 Stockholders equity at September 30, 2024 was 1,034.1 million, compared to 877.2 million at December 31, 2023, an increase of 156.9 million, or 17.9 . As previously announced, concurrent with the entry into the merger agreement with HomeStreet on January 16, 2024, we entered into an upfront securities purchase agreement with certain funds managed by Wellington Management Company, LLP, pursuant to which we issued 2.46 million shares of our common stock in a private placement for 80.0 million that closed on January 17, 2024. 
 We did not pay a dividend to our common shareholders for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Management routinely analyzes our capital to seek to ensure an optimized capital structure. For further information on capital adequacy see Note 12 - Regulatory Capital Matters to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Material Contractual Obligations, Commitments, and Contingent Liabilities 
 We have entered into contractual obligations in the normal course of business that involve elements of credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. 
 The following table summarizes our material contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024. Further discussion of each obligation or commitment is included in the referenced note to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (In thousands) Note Reference Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years Deposits: Deposits without a stated maturity 6 4,850,451 4,850,451 Certificates of deposit 6 1,799,429 1,714,717 76,550 5,698 2,464 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 7 10,913 10,913 Short-term debt: FHLB term advances 8 215,000 215,000 Long-term debt: Subordinated debt 8 78,919 78,919 Operating leases 16 27,184 13,186 7,077 6,805 116 
 We are party to various derivative contracts as a means to manage the balance sheet and our related exposure to changes in interest rates, to manage our residential real estate loan origination and sale activity, and to provide derivative contracts to our clients. Since the derivative liabilities recorded on the balance sheet change frequently and do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts, these liabilities are not included in the table of contractual obligations presented above. Further discussion of derivative instruments is included in Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments to the consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

In the normal course of business, various legal actions and proceedings are pending against us and our affiliates which are incidental to the business in which they are engaged. Further discussion of contingent liabilities is included in Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements. 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The contractual or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. Further discussion of contingent liabilities is included in Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of reduced earnings and/or declines in the net market value of the balance sheet due to changes in market rates. Our primary market risk is interest rate risk which impacts our net interest income, fee income related to interest sensitive activities such as mortgage origination and servicing income and loan and deposit demand. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk due to: 
 the maturity or repricing of assets and liabilities at different times or for different amounts; 
 differences in short-term and long-term market interest rate changes; and 
 the remaining maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. 
 Our Asset Liability Committee, or ALCO, which is composed of our executive officers and certain other members of management, monitors interest rate risk on an ongoing basis in accordance with policies approved by our board of directors. The ALCO reviews interest rate positions and considers the impact projected interest rate scenarios have on earnings, liquidity, business strategies and other factors. However, management has the latitude to change interest rate positions within certain limits if, in management s judgment, the change will enhance profitability or minimize risk. 
 To assess and manage interest rate risk, sensitivity analysis is used to determine the impact on earnings and the net market value of the balance sheet across various interest rate scenarios, balance sheet trends, and strategies. 
 Management uses a simulation model to analyze the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates across various interest rate scenarios, which seeks to demonstrate the level of interest rate risk inherent in the existing balance sheet. The analysis holds the current balance sheet values constant and does not take into account management intervention. 
 Additionally our simulation model incorporates various key assumptions, which we believe are reasonable, but may have an impact on the results such as: (1) we assume certain correlation rates, often referred to as deposit beta, for interest-bearing deposits, wherein the rates paid to customers change relative to changes in benchmark interest rates, (2) cash flows and maturities of interest sensitive assets and liabilities, (3) re-pricing characteristics for market rate sensitive instruments, (4) prepayment rates and product mix of assets and liabilities, and (5) simulations do not contemplate any actions management may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Because of limitations in any approach used to measure interest rate risk, simulation results are not intended to forecast actual results driven by the effect of a change in market rates but to better plan and execute appropriate asset-liability management strategies and manage our interest rate risk. 
 The primary impact of inflation on operations is reflected in increasing operating costs and non-interest expense. Our interest-bearing assets and liabilities are monetary in nature and changes in interest rates will impact our performance on net interest margin more than changes in the general rate of inflation. 
 The effect on net interest income over a 12-month time horizon due to hypothetical changes in market interest rates is presented in the table below. In this interest rate shock simulation, as of the periods presented, interest rates have been adjusted by instantaneous parallel changes rather than in a ramp simulation, which applies interest rate changes over time. All rates, short-term and long-term, are changed by the same amount (e.g., plus or minus 100 basis points) resulting in the shape of the yield curve remaining unchanged. 
 Change in Net Interest Income 
 As of September 30, 
 Change in Economic Value of Equity 
 As of September 30, 
 Changes in Interest Rate (Basis Points) 2024 2023 2024 2023 +300 4.5 6.8 (7.9) (12.7) +200 2.9 4.5 (4.9) (8.6) +100 1.2 2.2 (2.2) (4.5) Base -100 1.2 2.0 3.6 -200 1.2 (0.8) 1.8 6.2 -300 (0.3) (4.6) (0.8) 7.3 
 80 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 a. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 b. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 81 

Part II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 FirstSun and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. For further information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies under the subheading Litigation in our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in this report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included in our 2023 Annual Report . 
 82 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FirstSun Capital Bancorp, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the proxy statement/prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-258176) filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment dated November 3, 2021 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FirstSun (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2021). 
 3.3 Bylaws of FirstSun Capital Bancorp as amended and restated through October 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2021). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, were formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

83 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FIRSTSUN CAPITAL BANCORP (Registrant) /s/ Neal E. Arnold Date: November 8, 2024 Neal E. Arnold President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert A. Cafera, Jr. Date: November 8, 2024 Robert A. Cafera, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 84 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311certificationofc.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 I, Neal E. Arnold, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FirstSun Capital Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Neal E. Arnold 
 _____________________________________ 
 Neal E. Arnold, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312certificationofc.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 
 I, Robert A. Cafera, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FirstSun Capital Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Robert A. Cafera, Jr. 
 _____________________________________ 
 Robert A. Cafera, Jr., Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321certificationofc.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Neal E. Arnold, the President and Chief Executive Officer of FirstSun Capital Bancorp (the Company ), hereby certify in my capacity as an executive officer of the Company that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Neal E. Arnold 
 ________________________________ 
 Neal E. Arnold 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert A. Cafera, Jr., the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of FirstSun Capital Bancorp (the Company ), hereby certify in my capacity as an executive officer of the Company that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Robert A. Cafera, Jr. 
 ________________________________ 
 Robert A. Cafera, Jr. 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fcb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fcb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fcb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fcb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fcb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

