<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1660734_0001660734-24-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6999282</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97183</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1162706</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2594437</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1595630</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1399979</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001660734-24-000032.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107102427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001660734-24-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Triton International Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001660734
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				981276572
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37827
		FILM NUMBER:		241433746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VICTORIA PLACE, 5TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		31 VICTORIA STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 10
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 697-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VICTORIA PLACE, 5TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		31 VICTORIA STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 10

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001660734-24-000032.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 trtn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

trtn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For The Quarterly Period Ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission file number - 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in the charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were common shares at 0.01 par value per share of the Registrant outstanding, all of which were held by an affiliate of Brookfield Infrastructure. 

Triton International Limited 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended S eptember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 39 
 Signature 
 40 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Triton International Limited contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In addition, we, or our executive officers on our behalf, may from time to time make forward-looking statements in reports and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), or in connection with oral statements made to the press, potential investors or others. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, future costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words "expect," "estimate," "anticipate," "predict," "believe," "think," "plan," "will," "should," "intend," "seek," "potential" and similar expressions and variations are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 All forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Triton's control. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements and, therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any such statements. These factors include, without limitation, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions and the following: 
 decreases in the demand for leased containers; 
 decreases in market leasing rates for containers; 
 difficulties in re-leasing containers after their initial fixed-term leases; 
 our customers' decisions to buy rather than lease containers; 
 increases in the cost of repairing and storing our off-hire containers; 
 our dependence on a limited number of customers and suppliers; 
 customer defaults; 
 decreases in the selling prices of used containers; 
 extensive competition in the container leasing industry; 
 risks stemming from the international nature of our businesses, including global and regional economic conditions and geopolitical risks, including international conflicts; 
 decreases in demand for international trade; 
 risks resulting from the political and economic policies of the United States and other countries, particularly China, including but not limited to, the impact of trade wars, duties and tariffs; 
 disruption to our operations from failures of, or attacks on, our information technology systems; 
 disruption to our operations as a result of natural disasters or public health crises; 
 compliance with laws and regulations globally; 
 risks related to the acquisition of Triton by Brookfield Infrastructure, including the potentially divergent interests of our sole common shareholder and the holders of our outstanding indebtedness and preference shares, and our reliance on certain corporate governance exemptions; 
 the availability and cost of capital; 
 restrictions imposed by the terms of our debt agreements; 
 changes in tax laws in Bermuda, the United States and other countries; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024 (the "2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K"), in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in the other documents we file with the SEC from time to time. 
 
 The foregoing list of important factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included herein and elsewhere. Any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by us will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, Triton or its businesses or operations. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

3 

ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS: Leasing equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Net investment in finance leases Equipment held for sale Revenue earning assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Goodwill Other assets Fair value of derivative instruments Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: Equipment purchases payable Fair value of derivative instruments Deferred revenue Accounts payable and other accrued expenses Net deferred income tax liability Debt, net of unamortized costs of and 
 Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred shares, par value, at liquidation preference 
 Common shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Undesignated shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital (deficit) ) ) Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 4 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Leasing revenues: Operating leases Finance leases Total leasing revenues Equipment trading revenues Equipment trading expenses ) ) ) ) Trading margin Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment ) Operating expenses: Depreciation and amortization Direct operating expenses Administrative expenses Transaction and other costs Provision (reversal) for doubtful accounts ) ) ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) Other (income) expenses: Interest and debt expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Total other (income) expenses Income (loss) before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) Less: dividends on preferred shares Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholder 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 5 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Change in derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges ) Reclassification of (gain) loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Dividends on preferred shares Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder Tax (benefit) provision on change in derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges ) Tax (benefit) provision on reclassification of (gain) loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 6 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Treasury Shares Add'l Paid in Capital (Deficit) Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Contributed capital from Parent Distributions to Parent ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Contributed capital from Parent Distributions to Parent ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Contributed capital from Parent Distributions to Parent ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 

The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 7 

` Preferred Shares Common Shares Treasury Shares Add'l Paid in Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Share-based compensation expense Treasury shares acquired ) ) Share repurchase to settle shareholder tax obligations ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Common shares dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation expense Treasury shares acquired ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Common shares dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Share-based compensation expense Share repurchase to settle shareholder tax obligations ) ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Reclassification of share-based awards to a liability ) ) Return of capital to Parent ) ) Common shares dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred shares dividend declared ) ) Cancellation of Common Stock ) ) Cancellation of Treasury Stock ) ) Issuance of Common stock to Parent ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 8 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred debt cost and other debt related amortization Lease related amortization Other non-cash compensation costs Net (gain) loss on sale of leasing equipment ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Deferred revenue ) ) Change in share-based awards liability Accounts payable and other accrued expenses Equipment sold (purchased) for resale activity Cash collections on finance lease receivables, net of income earned Other assets ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of leasing equipment and investments in finance leases ) ) Proceeds from sale of equipment, net of selling costs Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Debt issuance costs ) ) Borrowings under debt facilities Payments under debt facilities and finance lease obligations ) ) Dividends paid on preferred shares ) ) Distributions to Parent ) ) Dividends paid on common shares ) Purchases of treasury shares ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes paid (refunded) Non-cash operating activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Non-cash investing activities: Equipment purchases payable 
 The accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 9 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 

, , and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and , and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 10 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 2 

11 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 3 ) ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of equipment, net of selling costs Up-front (loss) on finance lease ) ) Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment ) 
 
 During 2024, the Company entered into a finance lease transaction which included certain containers purchased during the COVID-19 pandemic with carrying values that were higher than current market values, resulting in an up-front loss of million and corresponding reduction to the net book value of revenue earning assets. 

Note 4 
 
 million, which will be recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of compensation expense for the 2024 LTIP Awards in Administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Awards 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, certain senior executives of the Company were granted incentive units pursuant to a long-term incentive program established by Brookfield Infrastructure. The awards (the Incentive Units will vest in five equal annual installments on each of the first five anniversaries of the closing date of the Merger, subject to the participants' continued employment or service. During the second quarter of 2024, additional Incentive Units were granted under this program in the form of bonus unit awards. The total number of Incentive Units granted under the long-term incentive program was as of September 30, 2024. Payment obligations under the program (if any) are the responsibility of Brookfield Infrastructure. For additional information regarding the Incentive Units, please refer to the section titled "Post-Merger Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted by Brookfield Infrastructure" in Part III, Item 11. "Executive Compensation" in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company will recognize compensation cost for the Incentive Units on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based on the fair value of the awards. The fair value at grant date of million relates to both units issued and additional units that are expected to be issued under this program. Changes in the fair value at each subsequent reporting date will be recognized as compensation expense based on the portion of vesting or service period lapsed from the grant date 
 
 12 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million did not materially change. 
 Volatility Expected term years Risk-free rate 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of compensation expense for the Incentive Units in Administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 Prior to the completion of the Merger, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense for share-based awards based on the grant date fair value. The expense was recognized over the employee's requisite service period, or vesting period of the equity award, approximately three years. The Company recognized share-based compensation expense in Administrative expenses of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In accordance with the Merger Agreement, upon closing of the Merger, Triton s unvested restricted shares and restricted share units that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into a contingent right to receive cash equal to the number of shares subject to such award, assuming attainment of the maximum level of performance for performance-based awards, multiplied by per share, plus accrued dividends. This amount will be paid upon the earlier of the original vesting date of the award and the twelve-month anniversary of the Merger closing date subject to the participant's continued service with the Company. The modification of the unvested share-based awards changed the classification of the awards from equity to liability, as well as modified the original service period of the awards. As a result of the change in the classification of the awards, the Accrued compensation liability at September 30, 2023 included a million reclassification from equity, plus previously accrued dividends of million. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, Transaction and other costs included million in incremental employee compensation costs to recognize the fair value of the awards based on the portion of the service period completed at the time of modification. 
 
 Compensation expense (1) 
 Payments (2) 
 ) Accrued compensation liability at September 30, 2024 (3) 
 
 (1) Included in Transaction and other costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Amounts paid to participants primarily related to awards granted in 2021 that vested in January 2024. 
 3) Amounts accrued to be paid during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Transaction and other costs also included retention compensation expense related to the Merger of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the accrued retention liability was paid out in full. See Note 2 - "Merger" for more detailed information regarding Merger costs. 

13 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 5 
 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding common shares are privately held by an affiliate of Brookfield Infrastructure. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid cash dividends of million to Parent. The Company also paid million in cash distributions to Parent for the reimbursement of or payment of transaction costs related to the Merger. In addition, the Company received a capital contribution of million from a Brookfield affiliate in connection with the Merger that was distributed as a dividend to Parent. 
 
 Preference Shares 
 
 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares ("Series A") 
 March 2019 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares ("Series B") 
 June 2019 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares ("Series C") 
 November 2019 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares ("Series D") 
 January 2020 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares ("Series E") 
 August 2021 
 (1) Represents number of shares authorized, issued, and outstanding. 
 
 Each Series of preference shares may be redeemed at the Company's option, at any time after approximately five years from original issuance, in whole or in part at a redemption price, plus an amount equal to all accumulated and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared. The Company may also redeem each Series of preference shares prior to the lapse of the five year period upon the occurrence of certain events as described in each instrument, such as transactions that either transfer ownership of substantially all assets to a single entity or establish a majority voting interest by a single entity, and cause a downgrade or withdrawal of rating by the rating agency within 60 days of the event. If the Company does not elect to redeem each Series upon the occurrence of the preceding events, holders of preference shares may have the right to convert their preference shares into common shares. Specifically for Series E only, the Company may redeem the Series E Preference Shares if an applicable rating agency changes the methodology or criteria that were employed in assigning equity credit to securities similar to the Series E Preference Shares when originally issued, which either (a) shortens the period of time during which equity credit pertaining to the Series E Preference Shares would have been in effect had the methodology not been changed or (b) reduces the amount of equity credit as compared with the amount of equity credit that the rating agency had assigned to the Series E Preference Shares when originally issued. 
 
 Holders of preference shares generally have no voting rights. If the Company fails to pay dividends for six or more quarterly periods (whether or not consecutive), holders will be entitled to elect two additional directors to the Board of Directors and the size of the Board of Directors will be increased to accommodate such election. Such right to elect two directors will continue until such time as there are no accumulated and unpaid dividends in arrears. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends on shares of each Series are cumulative from the date of original issue and will be payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year, when, as and if declared by the Company's Board of Directors. Dividends will be payable equal to the stated rate per annum of the liquidation preference per share. The Series rank senior to the Company's common shares with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the Company's liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

14 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

B C (1) 
 D (1) 
 E (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Per share payments rounded to the nearest whole cent. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cumulative unpaid preference dividends of million. 

Note 6 
 
 Lease liability - operating Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Income Statement Financial statement caption 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease cost (1) 
 Administrative expenses 
 (1) Includes short-term leases that are immaterial. 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities included in operating cash flows was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 years 
 Weighted-Average Discount Rate 

15 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 Finance Leases 
 
 Estimated residual receivable (2) 
 Gross finance lease receivables (3) 
 Unearned income (4) 
 ) ) Finance lease reserve (5) 
 ) Net investment in finance leases (6) 
 
 (1) There were no executory costs included in gross finance lease receivables as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) The Company's finance leases generally include a purchase option at nominal amounts that is reasonably certain to be exercised, and therefore, the Company has immaterial residual value risk for assets. 
 (3) The gross finance lease receivable is reduced as billed to customers and reclassified to accounts receivable until paid by customers. 
 (4) There were no unamortized initial direct costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (5) The Company reversed the finance lease reserve during the second quarter of 2024. 
 (6) One major customer represented of the Company's finance lease portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. No other customer represented more than 10 of the Company's finance lease portfolio in each of those periods. 

16 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 7 
 
 February 2028 February 2035 Securitization warehouse January 2031 January 2031 Total secured debt financings Unsecured Debt Financings Senior notes April 2026 March 2032 Credit facility: Revolving credit tranche July 2029 July 2029 Term loan tranche July 2029 July 2029 Total unsecured debt financings Total debt financings Unamortized debt costs ) ) Unamortized debt premiums discounts ) ) Debt, net of unamortized costs 
 
 Securitization Term Instruments 
 
 Under the Company's ABS facilities, indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company enter into debt agreements for ABS term instruments, including ABS notes. These subsidiaries are intended to be bankruptcy remote so that such assets are not available to creditors of the Company or its affiliates until and unless the related secured borrowings have been fully discharged. These transactions do not meet accounting requirements for sales treatment and are recorded as secured borrowings. 
 
 The Company s borrowings under the ABS facilities amortize in monthly installments, typically in level payments over five or more years. These facilities provide for an advance rate against the net book values of designated eligible equipment. The net book values for purposes of calculating eligible equipment is determined according to the related debt agreement and may be different than those calculated per GAAP. The Company is required to maintain restricted cash balances on deposit in designated bank accounts equal to nine months of interest expense on certain securitized term instruments. 
 
 In the second and third quarters of 2024, the Company issued a series of ABS fixed-rate notes in the amounts of million and million at weighted average interest rates of and and expected maturity dates of May 2034 and February 2035, respectively. The proceeds from these issuances were primarily used to pay down borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facilities. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2024, the Company obtained million in irrevocable standby letters of credit to satisfy the restricted cash balance requirements equal to nine months of interest expense on the ABS facilities, inclusive of a million irrevocable standby letter of credit related to the ABS fixed-rate notes issued in the second quarter of 2024. The restricted cash balance held by the Trustee in designated bank accounts of million was released to the Company subsequent to the issuance of the letters of credit. 

17 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million that is available on a revolving basis, paying interest at term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus . In the first quarter of 2024, the Company amended its ABS warehouse facility to extend the conversion date from April 27, 2025 to January 22, 2027. After the revolving period, borrowings will convert to term notes with a final maturity date of January 22, 2031 and pay interest at daily compound SOFR plus . The interest rate benchmark was amended from term SOFR to daily compounded SOFR. The margin over the benchmark rate was unchanged as a result of the amendment. 
 
 During the revolving period, the borrowing capacity under this facility is determined by applying an advance rate against the net book values of designated eligible equipment. The net book values for purposes of calculating eligible equipment are determined according to the related debt agreement and may be different than those calculated per GAAP. The Company is required to maintain restricted cash balances on deposit in designated bank accounts equal to three months of interest expense. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 The Company s senior notes are unsecured and have initial maturities ranging from five to and interest payments due semi-annually. The senior notes are prepayable (in whole or in part) at the Company's option at any time prior to the maturity date, subject to certain provisions in the senior note agreements, including the payment of a make-whole premium in respect to such prepayment. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company s million senior notes matured. Payment at maturity was primarily funded by borrowings under Triton s revolving credit facility. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company amended and restated its existing million revolving credit facility to add a new million term loan tranche under the credit facility. Term loan borrowings under the credit facility amortize in quarterly installments. The amendment and restatement also transitioned the reference rate from term to daily SOFR, increased the accordion feature available under the credit facility from million to million (or more in certain instances) and extended the maturity date of the credit facility to July 9, 2029. The interest rate under the credit facility is daily SOFR plus . The credit facility is subject to covenants customary for financings of this type, including financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum ratio of unencumbered assets to certain financial indebtedness. 
 
 Proceeds from the credit facility were used in part to prepay the Company s former term loan facility, which was then terminated. The termination of the former term loan facility and addition of the term loan tranche under the credit facility were accounted for as a debt modification and, accordingly, financing fees paid were deferred and million of the unamortized fees from the existing term loan facility were written off and included in Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Derivative Impact on Debt 
 
 The Company hedges the risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates on a portion of its floating-rate debt by entering into interest rate swap agreements that convert a portion of its floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis, thus reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest expense. 

18 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Apr 2026 Feb 2035 years Floating-rate debt Jul 2029 Jan 2031 years Including impact of derivative instruments: Fixed-rate debt Hedged floating-rate debt Total fixed and hedged debt Unhedged floating-rate debt Total debt 
 
 The fair value of total debt outstanding was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was measured using Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the maximum borrowing levels for the ABS warehouse and the revolving credit tranche under the credit facility were million and million, respectively. These facilities are governed by either borrowing bases or an unencumbered asset test that limits borrowing capacity. Based on those limitations, the availability under these revolving credit facilities at September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 

Note 8 
 
 million notional interest rate cap agreements with substantially similar economic terms related to certain debt facility requirements. These derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments, and because they offset, changes in fair value have an immaterial impact on the financial statements. 
 
 The counterparties to these agreements are highly rated financial institutions. In the unlikely event that the counterparties fail to meet the terms of these agreements, the Company's exposure is limited to the interest rate differential on the notional amount at each monthly settlement period over the life of the agreements. The Company does not anticipate any non-performance by the counterparties. 
 
 Certain assets of the Company's subsidiaries are pledged as collateral for various ABS facilities. Additionally, the Company may be required to post cash collateral on certain derivative agreements if the fair value of these contracts represents a liability. Any amounts of cash collateral posted are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are presented in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash collateral on derivative instruments of million. 

19 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of net unrealized and realized gains related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings. 
 
 years ) ) ) Unrealized (gains) losses Comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) 
 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company presents the fair value of derivative instruments on a gross basis as a separate line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Note 9 
 
 operating segments which also represent its reporting segments: 
 Equipment leasing - the Company owns, leases and ultimately disposes of containers and chassis from its lease fleet. 
 Equipment trading - the Company purchases containers from shipping line customers, and other sellers of containers, and resells these containers to container retailers and users of containers for storage or one-way shipment. Included in the equipment trading segment revenues are leasing revenues from equipment purchased for resale that is currently on lease until the containers are dropped off. 
 
 These operating segments were determined based on the chief operating decision maker's review and resource allocation of the products and services offered. 

20 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Trading margin Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment Depreciation and amortization Interest and debt expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes (1) 
 Purchases of leasing equipment and investments in finance leases (2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Equipment Leasing Equipment Trading Totals Equipment Leasing Equipment Trading Totals Total leasing revenues Trading margin Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment ) ) Depreciation and amortization Interest and debt expense Segment income (loss) before income taxes (1) 
 Purchases of leasing equipment and investments in finance leases (2) 

(1) Segment income before income taxes excludes unrealized gains or losses on derivative instruments and debt termination expense. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recorded an immaterial amount of unrealized gains or losses on derivative instruments and debt termination expenses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an immaterial amount of unrealized gains or losses on derivative instruments and did not record any debt termination expense. 
 (2) Represents cash disbursements for purchases of leasing equipment and investments in finance leases as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods indicated, but excludes cash flows associated with the purchase of equipment held for resale. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Equipment Leasing Equipment Trading Totals Equipment Leasing Equipment Trading Totals Equipment held for sale Goodwill Total assets 
 
 There are no intercompany revenues or expenses between segments. Certain administrative expenses have been allocated between segments based on an estimate of services provided to each segment. A portion of the Company's equipment purchased for resale in the equipment trading segment may be leased for a period of time and is reflected as leasing equipment as opposed to equipment held for sale and the cash flows associated with these transactions are reflected as purchases of leasing equipment and proceeds from the sale of equipment in investing activities in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Geographic Segment Information 
 
 The Company generates the majority of its leasing revenues from international containers which are deployed by its customers in a wide variety of global trade routes. The majority of the Company's leasing related revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. 

21 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe Americas Bermuda Other International Total 
 
 Since the majority of the Company's containers are used internationally, where no one container is domiciled in one particular place for a prolonged period of time, all of the Company's long-lived assets are considered to be international. 
 
 Europe Americas Bermuda Other International Total 

Note 10 
 
 million to be paid in 2024. 
 
 Contingencies - Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is party to various pending or threatened legal or regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The ability to predict the ultimate outcome of such matters involves judgments, estimates and inherent uncertainties. Triton records liabilities related to legal matters when the exposure item becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Management does not expect these matters to have a material adverse effect on Triton s financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. However, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and it is possible that a liability arising from these matters could have a material adverse impact in the period in which the uncertainties are resolved, depending in part on the operating results for such period. 

22 

TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 11 

The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate and the application of discrete items, if any, in the applicable period. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a lower portion of the Company's income generated in lower tax rate jurisdictions during 2023 as a result of transaction costs incurred in connection with the Merger which did not re-occur in 2024. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to the up-front loss on a finance lease transaction recorded in low tax jurisdictions during the second quarter of 2024 which resulted in a disproportionate increase to pre-tax income in higher tax jurisdictions. 

Note 12 
 
 interest in Tristar Container Services (Asia) Private Limited ("Tristar"), which is primarily engaged in the selling and leasing of container equipment in the domestic and short sea markets in India. The Company's equity investment in Tristar is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company received payments on finance leases with Tristar of million and million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company has a finance lease receivable balance with Tristar of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Note 13 
 
 million on its issued and outstanding common shares to Parent, payable on November 15, 2024. 
 
 Series B Series C Series D Series E 

23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statements in this discussion regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us, as well as in the other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") from time to time. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements . References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the "Company," "Triton," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Triton International Limited and, where appropriate, its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Our Company 
 
 Triton is the world's largest lessor of intermodal containers. Intermodal containers are large, standardized steel boxes used to transport freight by ship, rail or truck. Because of the handling efficiencies they provide, intermodal containers are the primary means by which many goods and materials are shipped internationally. We also lease chassis, which are used for the transportation of containers. 
 
 We operate our business in one industry, intermodal transportation equipment, and have two business segments, which also represent our reporting segments: 
 Equipment leasing - we own, lease and ultimately dispose of containers and chassis from our lease fleet. 
 Equipment trading - we purchase containers from shipping line customers, and other sellers of containers, and resell these containers to container retailers and users of containers for storage or one-way shipment. 
 
 Brookfield Infrastructure Transaction 
 
 On September 28, 2023, we completed the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 11, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation BIPC ), Thanos Holdings Limited Parent and Thanos Merger Sub Limited, a subsidiary of Parent Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Triton (the Merger ), with Triton surviving the Merger as a subsidiary of Parent. Following the closing of the Merger, all of our common shares are privately held, and are no longer traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Total consideration of 4,512.1 million was paid by Brookfield Infrastructure in connection with the Merger. 

Operations 
 
 Our consolidated operations include the acquisition, leasing, re-leasing and subsequent sale of multiple types of intermodal containers and chassis. As of September 30, 2024, our total fleet consisted of 4.1 million containers and chassis, representing 7.0 million twenty-foot equivalent units ("TEU") or 7.6 million cost equivalent units ("CEU"). We have an extensive global presence, offering leasing services through a worldwide network of local offices, and we utilize third-party container depots spread across over 46 countries to provide customers global access to our container fleet. Our primary customers include the world's largest container shipping lines. 
 
 The most important driver of profitability in our business is the extent to which leasing revenues, which are driven by our owned equipment fleet size, utilization and average lease rates, exceed our ownership and operating costs. Our profitability is also driven by the gains or losses we realize on the sale of used containers and the margins generated from trading new and used containers. 
 
 We lease five types of equipment: dry containers, refrigerated containers, special containers, tank containers, and chassis. Our in-house equipment sales group manages the sale process for our used containers and chassis from our equipment leasing fleet and sells used and new containers and chassis acquired from third parties. 

24 

The following table summarizes the percentage of our equipment fleet in terms of units and CEU as of September 30, 2024: 
 Equipment Type Percentage of total fleet in units Percentage of total fleet in CEU Dry 90.8 72.6 Refrigerated 5.1 20.3 Special 2.4 3.4 Tank 0.3 1.3 Chassis 0.6 1.8 Equipment leasing fleet 99.2 99.4 Equipment trading fleet 0.8 0.6 Total 100.0 100.0 
 
 TEU and CEU are standard industry measures of fleet size and are used to measure the quantity of containers that make up our revenue earning assets. CEU is a ratio used to convert the actual number of containers in our fleet to a figure based on an estimate for the historical average relative purchase prices of our various equipment types to that of a 20-foot dry container. For example, the CEU ratio for a 40-foot high cube dry container is 1.70, and a 40-foot high cube refrigerated container is 7.50. These factors may differ slightly from CEU ratios used by others in the industry. 
 
 We categorize our operating leases as either long-term leases or service leases. Some leases have contractual terms that have features reflective of both long-term and service leases. We classify such leases as either long-term or service leases, depending upon which features we believe are predominant. For example, some leases that provide redelivery flexibility during the lease term are classified as long-term leases in cases where lessees have made large up-front payments to reduce their lease payment during the lease term or in cases where lessees will incur significant redelivery fees if containers are returned during the lease term. Such leases are generally considered to be long-term leases based on the expected on-hire time and the economic protection achieved by the lease economics. Our long-term leases generally require our customers to maintain specific units on-hire for the duration of the lease term, and they provide us with predictable recurring cash flow. Long-term leases typically have initial contractual terms ranging from five to eight or more years. 
 
 We also have expired long-term leases whose fixed terms have ended but for which the related units remain on-hire and for which we continue to receive rental payments pursuant to the terms of the initial contract. 
 
 Service leases allow our customers to pick-up and drop-off equipment during the term of the lease, subject to contractual limitations. Service leases provide the customer with a higher level of flexibility than long-term leases and, as a result, typically carry a higher per diem rate. The terms of our service leases can range from 12 months to five years, though because equipment can be returned during the term of a service lease and since service leases are generally renewed or modified and extended upon expiration, lease term does not dictate expected on-hire time for our equipment on service leases. 
 
 Finance leases provide our customers with an alternative method to finance their equipment acquisitions. Finance leases are generally structured for specific quantities of equipment, generally require the customer to keep the equipment on-hire for its remaining useful life, and typically provide the customer with a purchase option at the end of the lease term. 

25 

The following table provides a summary of our equipment lease portfolio by lease type, based on CEU as of September 30, 2024: 
 Lease Portfolio By CEU Long-term leases 66.5 Finance leases 10.1 Subtotal 76.6 Service leases 5.9 Expired long-term leases, non-sale age (units on-hire) 7.9 Expired long-term leases, sale-age (units on-hire) 9.6 Total 100.0 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our long-term and finance leases combined had a weighted average remaining contractual term by CEU of approximately 57 months assuming no leases are renewed. 

Operating Performance Summary 
 
 Our operating and financial performance in the third quarter remained strong. Container pick-up activity in the third quarter moderated from the high levels experienced in the first half of the year, although container supply and demand continued to be tight. This resulted in continued low container drop off activity, high fleet utilization and strong disposal volumes and prices. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net book value of our revenue earning assets was 10.5 billion, up slightly from December 31, 2023. Through September 30, 2024, we have ordered 896.8 million of containers for delivery in 2024. These new equipment purchases were largely offset by depreciation expense, a high volume of disposals and the write-off of 57.4 million related to a finance lease transaction entered into in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Our utilization increased in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to an increase in container pick-up activity, as well as a decrease in drop-off volumes. Average utilization for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 was 99.0 and 96.6 respectively, and ending utilization for the same periods was 98.9 and 96.4 . Utilization is computed by dividing our total units on lease (in CEU) by the total units in our fleet (in CEU), excluding new units not yet leased and off-hire units designated for sale. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows provided by operating activities, proceeds from the sale of our leasing equipment, borrowings under our debt facilities and proceeds from other financing activities. Our principal uses of cash include capital expenditures, debt service, and dividends. 
 
 For the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities, together with the proceeds from the sale of our leasing equipment, was 1,521.4 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we had 85.8 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 2,260.0 million of maximum borrowing capacity remaining under our existing credit facilities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash commitments in the next twelve months include 511.6 million of scheduled principal payments on our existing debt facilities and 307.1 million of committed but unpaid capital expenditures, primarily for the purchase of new equipment. 
 
 We believe that cash generated from operating activities, existing cash, proceeds from the sale of our leasing equipment, and availability under our credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our obligations over the next twelve months and beyond. 

26 

Capital Activity 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid dividends on preference shares of 13.0 million and 39.1 million, respectively, and paid cash dividends of 200.0 million and 400.0 million, respectively, on the common shares of the Company to Parent. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid 5.0 million in distributions to Parent for the reimbursement of or payment of transaction costs related to the Merger. 
 
 For additional information on capital activity and dividends, please refer to Note 5 Other Equity Matters in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt Activity 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company amended and restated its existing 2,000.0 million revolving credit facility to, among other things, add a new 1,750.0 million term loan tranche under the credit facility. The amendment and restatement also transitioned the reference rate from term to daily SOFR, increased the accordion feature available under the credit facility from 500.0 million to 1,000.0 million (or more in certain instances) and extended the maturity date of the credit facility to July 9, 2029. Proceeds from the credit facility were used in part to prepay the Company's former term loan facility, which was then terminated. 
 
 During the second and third quarters of 2024, the Company issued securitization ("ABS") fixed-rate notes in the amount of 450.0 million and 351.9 million at weighted average interest rates of 5.55 and 5.63 and expected maturity dates of May 2034 and February 2035, respectively. The proceeds from these issuances were primarily used to pay down borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facilities. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company s 500.0 million 1.15 senior notes matured. Payment at maturity was primarily funded by borrowings under Triton s revolving credit facility. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2024, the Company obtained 57.0 million in irrevocable standby letters of credit to satisfy the restricted cash balance requirements equal to nine months of interest expense on the ABS facilities, inclusive of a 18.7 million irrevocable standby letter of credit related to the ABS fixed-rate notes issued in the second quarter of 2024. The restricted cash balance held by the Trustee in designated bank accounts of 38.3 million was released to the Company subsequent to the issuance of the letters of credit, proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes. The Company also amended its 1,125.0 million ABS warehouse facility to extend the conversion date to January 22, 2027, after which borrowings will convert to term notes with a final maturity date of January 22, 2031 and pay interest at daily compounded SOFR plus 2.60 . 
 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for debt, in open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, may be funded from operating cash flows or other sources, will be on such terms and at prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 

Credit Ratings 
 
 Our investment-grade corporate and long-term debt credit ratings enable us to lower our cost of funds and broaden our access to attractively priced capital. While a ratings downgrade, on its own, would not result in a default under any of our debt agreements, it could adversely affect our ability to issue debt and obtain new financings, or renew existing financings, and it would increase the cost of our financings. Additionally, under the terms of our senior notes and preference shares, certain ratings downgrades following the occurrence of a change of control, as more fully described in the relevant agreements governing those instruments, could give holders of those instruments certain redemption or conversion rights. The Company's long-term debt and corporate rating of BBB- from Fitch Ratings and BBB from S P Global Ratings remained unchanged in the third quarter of 2024. 

27 

Debt Agreements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our outstanding indebtedness was comprised of the following (amounts in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 Outstanding Borrowings Maximum Borrowing Level Secured Debt Financings Securitization term instruments 3,125.4 3,125.4 Securitization warehouse 60.0 1,125.0 Total secured debt financings 3,185.4 4,250.4 Unsecured Debt Financings Senior notes 1,800.0 1,800.0 Credit facility: Revolving credit tranche 805.0 2,000.0 Term loan tranche 1,715.0 1,715.0 Total unsecured debt financings 4,320.0 5,515.0 Total debt financings 7,505.4 9,765.4 Unamortized debt costs (51.7) Unamortized debt premiums discounts (3.4) Debt, net of unamortized costs 7,450.3 9,765.4 
 
 The maximum borrowing levels depicted in the table above may not reflect the actual availability under all of the credit facilities. Certain of these facilities are governed by either borrowing bases or an unencumbered asset test that limits borrowing capacity. Based on those limitations, the availability under the ABS warehouse and the revolving credit tranche under the credit facility at September 30, 2024 was approximately 995.0 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a combined 6,803.7 million of total debt on facilities with fixed interest rates or floating interest rates that have been synthetically fixed through interest rate swap contracts. This accounts for 90.7 of our total debt. 
 
 For additional information on our debt, please refer to Note 7 - "Debt" in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 We are subject to certain financial covenants related to leverage and interest coverage as defined in our debt agreements. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the related credit agreements and the acceleration of our outstanding debt if we were unable to obtain a waiver from the creditors. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

Cash Flow 
 
 The following table sets forth certain cash flow information for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 868,113 862,954 5,159 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (380,109) 121,139 (501,248) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (476,013) (1,019,655) 543,642 

28 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 5.2 million to 868.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 863.0 million in the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher profitability and an increase in accounts receivable due to the timing of cash collections. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in cash collections on finance lease receivables due to a large buyout of equipment under a finance lease in 2023, that did not re-occur in 2024. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 380.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 121.1 million in the same period in 2023, a change of 501.2 million. The change was primarily due to a 515.0 million increase in the purchases of leasing equipment partially offset by a 13.5 million increase in proceeds from the sale of equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 543.6 million to 476.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,019.7 million in the same period in 2023. We had a decrease in net debt repayments of 305.7 million and a decrease in capital distributions of 245.4 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 29 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes our comparative results of operations (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Leasing revenues: Operating leases 363,787 358,997 4,790 Finance leases 27,532 25,904 1,628 Total leasing revenues 391,319 384,901 6,418 Equipment trading revenues 11,493 34,996 (23,503) Equipment trading expenses (10,440) (30,488) 20,048 Trading margin 1,053 4,508 (3,455) Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment 17,435 12,318 5,117 Operating expenses: Depreciation and amortization 134,952 141,438 (6,486) Direct operating expenses 13,527 27,143 (13,616) Administrative expenses 22,862 23,623 (761) Transaction and other costs 5,095 68,741 (63,646) Provision (reversal) for doubtful accounts (53) (211) 158 Total operating expenses 176,383 260,734 (84,351) Operating income (loss) 233,424 140,993 92,431 Other (income) expenses: Interest and debt expense 67,404 60,073 7,331 Other (income) expense, net (56) (173) 117 Total other (income) expenses 67,348 59,900 7,448 Income (loss) before income taxes 166,076 81,093 84,983 Income tax expense (benefit) 15,423 11,392 4,031 Net income (loss) 150,653 69,701 80,952 Less: dividends on preferred shares 13,028 13,028 Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholder 137,625 56,673 80,952 

30 

Comparison of the Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Leasing revenues. Per diem revenue represents revenue earned under operating lease contracts. Fee and ancillary lease revenue represents fees billed for the pick-up and drop-off of containers in certain geographic locations and billings of certain reimbursable operating costs such as repair and handling expenses. Finance lease revenue represents interest income earned under finance lease contracts. The following table summarizes our leasing revenues for the periods indicated below (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Leasing revenues: Operating leases Per diem revenues 349,218 341,220 7,998 Fee and ancillary revenues 14,569 17,777 (3,208) Total operating lease revenues 363,787 358,997 4,790 Finance leases 27,532 25,904 1,628 Total leasing revenues 391,319 384,901 6,418 
 
 Total leasing revenues were 391.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 384.9 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 6.4 million. 
 
 Per diem revenues were 349.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 341.2 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 8.0 million. The primary reasons for the increase were as follows: 
 3.7 million increase due to an increase of approximately 0.1 million CEU in the average number of containers on-hire; and 
 4.4 million increase due to an increase in the average lease rates for our dry container product line as a result of pick up activity in the third quarter of 2024 at higher rates, partially offset by a decrease in average lease rates for our refrigerated container line. 
 
 Fee and ancillary lease revenues were 14.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.8 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 3.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in repair and handling revenue as a result of a lower volume of redeliveries. 
 
 Finance lease revenues were 27.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 25.9 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 1.6 million. The increase was primarily due to the addition of a large finance lease transaction in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by the runoff of the existing portfolio. 
 
 Trading margin. Trading margin was 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.5 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 3.4 million. Container selling margins decreased in 2024 as a result of a decrease in volume in the re-sale of new production units. 
 
 Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment. Gain on sale of leasing equipment was 17.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 12.3 million gain on sale in the same period in 2023, an increase of 5.1 million. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average sale price of used dry containers, partially offset by a decrease in sales volume. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization was 135.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 141.4 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 6.4 million. The primary reasons for the decrease were as follows: 
 13.4 million decrease due to an increase in the number of containers that have become fully depreciated or reclassified to assets held for sale; partially offset by a 
 6.8 million increase due to new production units placed on-hire in the current year. 

31 

Direct operating expenses. Direct operating expenses primarily consist of our costs to repair equipment returned off lease, store equipment when it is not on lease and reposition equipment from locations with weak leasing demand. Direct operating expenses were 13.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 27.1 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 13.6 million. The primary reasons for the decrease were as follows: 
 10.4 million decrease in storage expense resulting from a decrease in the number of idle units; and a 
 1.5 million decrease in repair costs resulting from a lower volume of redeliveries. 
 
 Transaction and other costs. Transaction and other costs were 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 68.7 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 63.6 million. Transaction costs in the prior period are primarily related to advisory and legal fees associated with the closing of the Merger. 
 
 Interest and debt expense. Interest and debt expense was 67.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 60.1 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 7.3 million. The primary reasons for the increase were as follows: 
 8.9 million increase due to the average effective interest rate increase to 3.62 from 3.14 due to the maturity of lower interest fixed-rate debt in the third quarter of 2023 and the second quarter of 2024, which was repaid with higher rate variable debt borrowings; partially offset by a 
 1.6 million decrease in interest expense due to a reduction in the average debt balance of 203.1 million. 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit). Income tax expense was 15.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.4 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 4.0 million. The increase in income tax expense was primarily the result of an increase in pre-tax income partially offset by a decrease in the effective tax rate. The Company's effective tax rate was 9.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.0 in the same period in 2023. The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2023 was higher than the current year as there was a lower portion of the Company's income generated in lower tax rate jurisdictions due to transaction costs incurred in connection with the Merger. 

32 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes our comparative results of operations (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Leasing revenues: Operating leases 1,060,968 1,089,349 (28,381) Finance leases 80,625 79,814 811 Total leasing revenues 1,141,593 1,169,163 (27,570) Equipment trading revenues 35,610 80,524 (44,914) Equipment trading expenses (32,258) (73,033) 40,775 Trading margin 3,352 7,491 (4,139) Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment (6,061) 49,401 (55,462) Operating expenses: Depreciation and amortization 406,569 436,753 (30,184) Direct operating expenses 53,306 75,221 (21,915) Administrative expenses 68,683 69,884 (1,201) Transaction and other costs 26,746 71,320 (44,574) Provision (reversal) for doubtful accounts (1,543) (2,768) 1,225 Total operating expenses 553,761 650,410 (96,649) Operating income (loss) 585,123 575,645 9,478 Other (income) expenses: Interest and debt expense 190,242 176,211 14,031 Other (income) expense, net (134) (490) 356 Total other (income) expenses 190,108 175,721 14,387 Income (loss) before income taxes 395,015 399,924 (4,909) Income tax expense (benefit) 41,383 38,648 2,735 Net income (loss) 353,632 361,276 (7,644) Less: dividends on preferred shares 39,084 39,084 Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholder 314,548 322,192 (7,644) 
 
 33 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Leasing revenues. Per diem revenue represents revenue earned under operating lease contracts. Fee and ancillary lease revenue represents fees billed for the pick-up and drop-off of containers in certain geographic locations and billings of certain reimbursable operating costs such as repair and handling expenses. Finance lease revenue represents interest income earned under finance lease contracts. The following table summarizes our leasing revenue for the periods indicated below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Leasing revenues: Operating leases Per diem revenues 1,016,643 1,036,438 (19,795) Fee and ancillary revenues 44,325 52,911 (8,586) Total operating lease revenues 1,060,968 1,089,349 (28,381) Finance leases 80,625 79,814 811 Total leasing revenues 1,141,593 1,169,163 (27,570) 
 
 Total leasing revenues were 1,141.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,169.2 million, in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 27.6 million. 
 
 Per diem revenues were 1,016.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,036.4 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 19.8 million. The primary reasons for the decrease were as follows: 
 15.2 million decrease due to a decrease of approximately 0.1 million CEU in the average number of containers on-hire; and 
 3.9 million decrease due to a decrease in the average lease rates for our dry and refrigerated container product lines as a result of sizable lease extension transactions throughout 2023 at lower levels. 
 
 Fee and ancillary lease revenues were 44.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 52.9 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 8.6 million, primarily due to a lower volume of redeliveries. 
 
 Trading margin. Trading margin was 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.5 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 4.1 million primarily due to a decrease in sales volume. 
 
 Net gain (loss) on sale of leasing equipment. Loss on sale of leasing equipment was 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 49.4 million gain on sale in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 55.5 million. The decrease was primarily due to a 57.4 million up-front loss on a finance lease transaction in 2024 that included certain containers purchased during the COVID-19 pandemic with carrying values that were higher than current market values. Additionally, in the prior year we had a gain from the buyout of a finance lease of 4.3 million that did not re-occur. Excluding activity related to finance leases, gain on sale of equipment increased in the current period primarily due to an increase in sales volume. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization was 406.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 436.8 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 30.2 million. The primary reasons for the decrease were as follows: 
 45.3 million decrease due to an increase in the number of containers that have become fully depreciated or reclassified to assets held for sale; partially offset by a 
 12.9 million increase due to new production units placed on-hire in the current year. 
 
 Direct operating expenses. Direct operating expenses primarily consist of our costs to repair equipment returned off lease, store equipment when it is not on lease and reposition equipment from locations with weak leasing demand. Direct operating expenses were 53.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 75.2 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 21.9 million. The primary reasons for the decrease were as follows: 
 15.3 million decrease in storage expense resulting from a decrease in the number of idle units; and a 
 5.0 million decrease in repair costs resulting from a lower volume of redeliveries 

34 

Administrative expenses. Administrative expenses were 68.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 69.9 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 1.2 million primarily due to a decrease in costs associated with being a public company, partially offset by an increase in incentive compensation costs. 
 
 Transaction and other costs. Transaction and other costs were 26.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 71.3 million in the same period in 2023, a decrease of 44.6 million primarily due to a decrease in advisory fees associated with the closing of the Merger. 
 
 Provision (reversal) for doubtful accounts. Reversal for doubtful accounts was 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.8 million in the same period in 2023. During 2024 and 2023, reserves of 2.1 million and 2.9 million, respectively, established in 2022 related to a customer default, were reversed due to better than expected recoveries. The 2024 reserve reversal was partially offset by a 0.5 million reserve established in the first quarter of 2024 for an outstanding balance not expected to be received. 
 
 Interest and debt expense. Interest and debt expense was 190.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 176.2 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 14.0 million. The primary reasons for the increase were as follows: 
 22.7 million increase due to an increase in the average effective interest rate to 3.40 from 3.00 due to the maturity of lower interest fixed-rate debt in the third quarter of 2023 and the second quarter of 2024, which was repaid with higher rate variable debt borrowings; partially offset by a 
 8.9 million decrease in interest expense due to a decrease in the average debt balance of 395.9 million. 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit). Income tax expense was 41.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 38.6 million in the same period in 2023, an increase of 2.8 million. The increase in income tax expense was primarily the result of an increase in pre-tax income and effective tax rate. The Company's effective tax rate was 10.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.7 in the same period in 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the up-front loss on a finance lease transaction recorded in low tax jurisdictions during the second quarter of 2024, which resulted in a disproportionate increase to pre-tax income in higher tax jurisdictions. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, see Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates since our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 35 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss to future earnings, values or cash flows that may result from changes in the price of a financial instrument. The fair value of a financial instrument, derivative or non-derivative, might change as a result of changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes. We have operations internationally and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks include interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We enter into derivative agreements to fix the interest rates on a portion of our floating-rate debt. We assess and manage the external and internal risk associated with these derivative instruments in accordance with our overall operating goals. External risk is defined as those risks outside of our direct control, including counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk, systemic risk and legal risk. Internal risk relates to those operational risks within the management oversight structure and include actions taken in contravention of our policies. 
 
 The primary external risk of our derivative agreements is counterparty credit exposure, which is defined as the ability of a counterparty to perform its financial obligations under the agreement. All of our derivative agreements are with highly rated financial institutions. Credit exposures are measured based on counterparty credit risks and the market value of outstanding derivative instruments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had derivative agreements in place to fix interest rates on a portion of our borrowings under debt facilities with floating interest rates as summarized below: 
 Derivatives Notional Amount (in millions) Weighted Average Fixed Leg (Pay) Interest Rate Weighted Average Remaining Term Interest Rate Swap 1,878.3 2.53 3.8 years 
 
 Our derivative agreements are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Any unrealized gains or losses related to the changes in fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to interest and debt expense as they are realized. As of September 30, 2024, we have certain interest rate cap agreements that are non-designated derivatives and changes in fair value are recognized as unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Approximately 90.7 of our debt is either fixed or hedged using derivative instruments which helps mitigate the impact of changes in short-term interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in the interest rates on our unhedged debt (SOFR) would result in an increase of approximately 8.3 million in interest expense over the next 12 months. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 
 The U.S. dollar is the operating currency for the large majority of our leases and obligations, and most of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we pay our non-U.S. staff in local currencies, and a portion of our direct operating expenses and disposal transactions for our older containers are denominated in foreign currencies. We record realized and unrealized foreign currency exchange gains and losses in Administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates related to our Euro and Pound Sterling transactions and our foreign denominated assets and liabilities. 
 
 Net foreign currency exchange (gains) losses were immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

36 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our senior management has evaluated the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of September 30, 2024, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our senior management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain judgments and assumptions and cannot provide absolute assurance that its objectives will be met. Similarly, an evaluation of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

37 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 From time to time we are a party to various legal proceedings, including claims, suits and government proceedings and investigations arising in connection with the normal course of our business. For a discussion of legal proceedings, please refer to Note 10 - "Commitments and Contingencies - Contingencies" to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K , as supplemented and updated by the risk factor below. These factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Increased tariffs or other trade actions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The international nature of our business and the container shipping industry exposes us to risks relating to the imposition of import and export duties, quotas and tariffs. These risks have increased over the last several years as the United States and other countries have adopted protectionist trade policies and as companies look to on-shoring or near-shoring their production to address material and parts shortages and/or increased costs due to these actions. In recent years, trade disputes between the United States and China have led both countries to impose tariffs on imported goods from the other, resulting in periods of decreased trade growth and demand for leased containers. Significant uncertainty remains about the future relationship between the United States and China as tariffs and other trade barriers remain historically high, other key areas of economic and foreign policy difference remain unresolved and tensions remain elevated. The 2024 U.S. presidential election, with former President Donald Trump emerging as the winner, presents uncertainty regarding future trade policies, particularly the potential for increased tariffs and trade restrictions on China. Given the importance of the United States and China in the global economy, continued or increased tensions between these countries could significantly reduce the volume of goods traded internationally and reduce the rate of global economic growth. Increased trade barriers and the risk of further disruptions is also motivating some manufacturers and retailers to reduce their reliance on overseas production and could reduce the long-term growth rate for international trade, leading to decreased demand for leased containers, lower new container prices, decreased market leasing rates and lower used container disposal prices. These impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and cash flows. 

38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2022) 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 32.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear on the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Instance Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Inline XBRL Data (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 39 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 TRITON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED November 7, 2024 By: /s/ MICHAEL S. PEARL Michael S. Pearl Chief Financial Officer 
 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311ceocertification.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian M. Sondey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Triton International Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s BRIAN M. SONDEY Brian M. Sondey 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312cfocertification.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael S. Pearl, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Triton International Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s MICHAEL S. PEARL Michael S. Pearl 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321ceosoxcertificat.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO SOX CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Triton International Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian M. Sondey, Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s BRIAN M. SONDEY Brian M. Sondey 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322cfosoxcertificat.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO SOX CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Triton International Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael S. Pearl, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s MICHAEL S. PEARL Michael S. Pearl 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trtn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trtn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trtn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trtn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trtn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

