<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241217_10-Q_edgar_data_1870143_0001213900-24-109796.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5190000</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121981</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1050867</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1187905</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1267950</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1451340</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-109796.hdr.sgml : 20241217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241217163557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-109796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perception Capital Corp. IV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001870143
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41039
		FILM NUMBER:		241556213

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3109 W. 50TH STREET, #207
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55410
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(952) 456-5300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3109 W. 50TH STREET, #207
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55410

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RCF Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-109796.txt : 20241217

10-Q
 1
 ea0224798-10q_percept4.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

OR 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: None None None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 10, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, issued and outstanding, including Non-Redeemable Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, and Class B ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Class A Shares Subject to possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 34 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 

Part II. Other Information 
 
 36 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 36 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 36 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds 
 
 36 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 36 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 36 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 36 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 37 

Part III. Signatures 
 
 38 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible senior secured promissory note 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 7) 

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding subject to possible redemption, at approximately and redemption value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding and none issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class A ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding shares subject to redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

1 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

OTHER INCOME 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Interest expense debt discount 

Interest earned in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

NET INCOME 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic net (loss) income per share, non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Diluted net (loss) income per share, non-redeemable ordinary shares 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

2 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES 
SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Shareholders Deficit 

Redeemable Class A 
 Preference 
 Class A Ordinary 
 Class B Ordinary 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Shares 
 Shares 
 Shares 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of Redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net
 loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 (Restated) 

Remeasurement of Redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net
 loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of Redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Conversion of Public Warrants
 to Class A ordinary shares 

Issuance of Preference Shares 

Net
 income 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Redeemable Class A 
 Class A Ordinary 
 Class B Ordinary 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Shares 
 Shares 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Remeasurement of Redeemable Class
 A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Redemption of Redeemable Class
 A ordinary shares 

Remeasurement of Redeemable Class
 A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Conversion of Non-Redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares to Non-Redeemable Class A ordinary shares 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Remeasurement of Redeemable Class
 A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

3 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Interest expense debt discount 

Interest earned in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sponsor notes - related party 

Proceeds from convertible senior secured promissory note 

Proceeds from sale of Preference Shares 

Redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

4 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

per share Class A Ordinary Shares ), of the Company and (ii) private placement warrants (together
with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Securities ). 

On November 6, 2023, in connection with the
closing Closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA, the Company entered into a Joinder Agreement (the
 Joinder to that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated November 9, 2021, with the Original Sponsor and New
Sponsor. Pursuant to the Joinder, New Sponsor will receive the same rights and benefits with respect to its newly acquired Class A
Ordinary Shares (as defined below) and private placement warrants as the Original Sponsor has with respect to its Class A Ordinary
Shares and private placement warrants. 

In connection with the Closing of the transactions
contemplated by the SPA, on November 6, 2023: (i) each of the Company s then-current directors, James McClements, Sunny S. Shah,
Thomas M. Boehlert, Hugo Dryland, Elodie Grant Goodey, Timothy Baker, and Daniel Malchuk, resigned as directors, and the Company accepted
their resignations; (ii) the vacancies on the Company s board of directors caused by such resignations were filled by Scott Honour,
Rick Gaenzle, R. Rudolph Reinfrank, Thomas J. Abood and Karrie Willis (the New Directors (iii) each of the Company s
then-current officers, Sunny S. Shah, Thomas M. Boehlert and Rebecca Coffelt, resigned as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
and Secretary, respectively, and the Company accepted their resignations; and (iv) the appointments of Rick Gaenzle as Chief Executive
Officer, John Stanfield as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Scott Honour as Chairman of the Board, and Tao Tan as President (the
 New Officers became effective. R. Rudolph Reinfrank, Thomas J. Abood and Karrie Willis will serve as members of the Company s
Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee. 

On November 6, 2023, the Original Sponsor and
New Sponsor consummated the transactions contemplated by the SPA pursuant to which, among other things, New Sponsor acquired certain of
the Original Sponsor s (i) Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) private placement warrants, subject to the terms and conditions described
in the SPA. 

On January 19, 2024, the Company received a notice
from the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE that it was not in compliance with the NYSE s continued listing requirements.
Specifically, the NYSE advised the Company that it is not in compliance with Section 802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which
requires an NYSE-listed company to maintain a minimum of 300 public stockholders on a continuous basis. 

The Company submitted a business plan to the NYSE
demonstrating the Company s ability to regain compliance with the NYSE s rules. The NYSE has accepted the plan and as a result,
the Company is subject to quarterly monitoring for compliance with the business plan and the Company s common stock will continue
to trade on the NYSE during the period, subject to the Company s compliance with other NYSE continued listing requirements. 

The Company s units, Class A Ordinary Shares
and warrants will continue to be traded on the NYSE under the symbols RCFA.U , RCFA , and RCFA WS ,
respectively, subject to the Company s compliance with other NYSE continued listing requirements, with the addition of a suffix
indicating the below compliance status of its ordinary shares, such as RCFA.BC. In the event that the Company
fails to restore its compliance with the continued listing standards of Section 802.01B, the Common Stock will be subject to NYSE s
suspension and delisting procedures. 

On November 15, 2024, the Company received a letter
from the NYSE stating that the staff of NYSE Regulation has determined to commence proceedings to delist the Company s Ordinary
Shares, Units and Warrants (collectively, the Securities pursuant to Sections 802.01B and 102.06(e) of the NYSE s
Listed Company Manual because the Company failed to consummate a business combination within 36 months of the effectiveness of its initial
public offering registration statement, or such shorter period that the Company specified in its registration statement. Trading in the
Securities has been suspended. 

5 

warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares Private Placement Warrants for each, or in the aggregate, in a private placement on the Closing Date (the Private Placement ). 

In its Public Offering, the Company sold 
Units at a price of per Unit. The Company intends to finance a Business Combination with the remaining proceeds from its Public
Offering and Private Placement. 

At the Closing Date, proceeds of ,
net of underwriting discounts of and designated for operational use were deposited in a trust account with Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account as described below. Transaction costs amounted to
 , consisting of of underwriters fees of which was for Deferred Underwriting Commissions (see Note 8)
and of other offering costs. 

On October 26, 2023 and November 6, 2023, the
underwriters for the Company s Initial Public Offering, consisting of Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., agreed
to waive all rights to their respective portion of the underwriting commissions (or approximately million) with respect to any future
Business Combination. 

Of the total proceeds from the Public
Offering and Private Placement, was deposited into the Trust Account on the Closing Date. The funds in the Trust Account
will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations (collectively
 Permitted Investments ). Funds will remain in the Trust Account except for the withdrawal of interest earned on the funds
that may be released to the Company to pay taxes. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of
the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination with (or acquisition of) a target
business. The Company is focused on sponsoring the public listing of a company that combines attractive business fundamentals with, or
with the potential for strong environmental, social and governance principles and practices through a Business Combination. As used herein,
the target business must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 
of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement. 

6 

in connection with the Company s Business Combination, and (iv) provide for the right
of a holder of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, to convert into Class A Ordinary Shares on a
one-for-one basis prior to the closing of Business Combination at the election of the holder. 

Additionally, on May 9, 2023, the Company held
the Extraordinary General Meeting, in connection with which, shareholders holding an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares exercised
their right to redeem their shares for approximately per share (the Redemption ), for an aggregate redemption amount
of of the funds held in the Company s Trust Account. 

On December 5, 2023, at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the Meeting ), shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Memorandum extending the deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination
from May 15, 2024 to November 15, 2024 provided that the Company make a payment into the trust account for the first three-month extension
(from December 15, 2023 through March 15, 2024) equal to the lesser of or per share of Class A Ordinary Shares entitled
to redemption rights and thereafter, a payment of equal to the lesser of or per Public Share per month through November
15, 2024. Shareholders also approved an amendment to change the name of the Company from RCF Acquisition Corp. to Perception Capital Corp
IV. 

In connection with the extensions amendment proposal
voted on at the Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their
shares for approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of of the funds held in the Company s
Trust Account. 

On November 13, 2024, at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the Third Meeting ), shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association (the Memorandum extending the deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business
combination from November 15, 2024 to November 15, 2025 on a month to month basis provided that the Company make a payment into the Trust
Account established in connection with the Company s IPO equal to per month for each month extended. This proposal was approved. 

In connection with the extensions amendment proposal
voted on at the Second Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem
their shares for approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of of the funds held in the Company s
Trust Account. 

On November 15, 2024 and December 13, 2024, a
deposit of was made into the Trust Account to extend the deadline by which an initial business combination must be completed from
November 15, 2024 to December 15, 2024 and from December 15, 2024 to January 15, 2025. 

7 

business thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the
Company s obligations under law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Initial Shareholders (as defined in Note 4
below) and the Company s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have
waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4 below)
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by January 15, 2025. However, if the Initial Shareholders acquire public shares
after the Closing Date, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by January 15, 2025. 

If the Company fails to complete a Business Combination,
the redemption of the Company s public shares will reduce the book value of the shares held by the Sponsor, who will be the only
remaining shareholder after such redemptions. If the Company holds a shareholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection
with a Business Combination, a Public Shareholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of business prior to the consummation of a Business Combination,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes. As a result,
such shares are recorded at their redemption amount and classified as temporary equity on the balance sheets, in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The funds held in the Trust Account will not be
released until the earliest of (i) the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has
not completed a Business Combination by January 15, 2025, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the public shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
modify the substance or timing of the Company obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 
of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination by January 15, 2025 or (B) with respect
to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in its operating bank accounts, in cash held in the Trust Account (Note 2) to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase
or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of . 

Until the consummation of a business combination,
the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account primarily to find and evaluate target businesses, perform business,
legal, and accounting due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

8 

9 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

10 

Class A Ordinary Shares
sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contained a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares
in connection with the Company s liquidation if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with a Business Combination
and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance
with SEC staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not
solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary
liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the
provisions of ASC 480. 

11 

Less: 

Redemption of Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 

Plus: 

Waiver of Class A shares issuance costs 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 

12 

and will be recorded when the performance condition
occurs. 

Less: Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net (loss) income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

13 

Add: Deemed dividend to Redeemable Shareholders 

Net income allocable to Redeemable Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

Denominator: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding of Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic net income per share 

Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Numerator: Net (loss) income allocable to Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Denominator: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding of Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic net (loss) income per share 

Add: Deemed dividend to Redeemable Shareholders 

Net income allocable to Redeemable Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

Denominator: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding of Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Diluted net income per share 

Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Numerator: Net (loss) income allocable to Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Denominator: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding of Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Diluted net (loss) income per share 

14 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value Class B
ordinary shares for an aggregate price of . The Original Sponsor subsequently transferred an aggregate of Founder
Shares to members of the Company s board of directors, management team, board of advisors and/or their estate planning vehicles
for the same per-share consideration that it originally paid for such shares, resulting in the Original Sponsor holding Founder
Shares. 

As of the Closing Date, the Initial Shareholders
held Founder Shares. 

The Founder Shares are identical to the Class
A Ordinary Shares sold in the Public Offering except that: 

the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; 

the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights; 

only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares); 

the Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 15, 2025 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by January 15, 2025, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period and (D) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination; and 

the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

The initial shareholders agree, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion
of the initial business combination or (B) subsequent to the initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A Ordinary
Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial business combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Company s
Charter, as amended, the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, totaling Class B ordinary shares, elected to convert 
Class B ordinary share held by them on a one-for-one basis into non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares, with immediate effect (see Note
4). 

Private Placement Warrants 

On the Closing Date, the Original Sponsor purchased
from the Company Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, or 11,700,000, in a Private
Placement that occurred in conjunction with the completion of the Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable
by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders
other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The New Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, will have the option to exercise
the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. The Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or saleable until
 days after the completion of a Business Combination. 

15 

private placement warrants for an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares (the Exchange Shares ). This equates to a
conversion ratio of Class A ordinary share for each 12 Private Warrants. The Exchange Shares shall rank pari passu with the
existing Ordinary Shares, other than that the Exchange Shares shall not confer on the holder thereof (i) any right to receive funds from
the Trust, or (ii) any right to vote on a resolution to approve a Business Combination (as such term is defined in the Company s
articles of association). The Exchange Shares will be restricted securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As of September
30, 2024, there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

Indemnity 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduces the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (i) per public share or (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that
such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the Underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of
any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the
Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other
entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Company has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company and, therefore, the
Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such eventuality as the Company
believes the likelihood of the Sponsor having to indemnify the Trust Account is limited because the Company will endeavor to have all
vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Sponsor Notes 

Sponsor Convertible Note 

On April 1, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note (the Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company was able to borrow
up to from the Sponsor for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of a Business
Combination. The Sponsor Convertible Note was non-interest bearing and all unpaid principal were initially due and payable in full on
the earlier of (i) May 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar Business Combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ). 

Up to of such loans was convertible
into Private Placement Warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The
Sponsor had the option, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, to convert any amounts outstanding under the Sponsor Convertible
Note, into warrants to purchase the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares at a conversion price of per warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s Public Offering. The Sponsor Convertible Note was accounted
for within the scope of ASC 815 and as a result, the Company bifurcated from the proceeds allocated to the debt host the fair value of
a single derivative that comprises all of the individual features requiring bifurcation. Any remaining debt proceeds was allocated to
the debt host. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature upon the issuance of the Sponsor Convertible Note was de minimis. 

On May 11, 2023, the Company amended and restated
the Sponsor Convertible Note to extend the maturity date from the earlier of (i) May 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a Business
Combination to the earlier of (i) May 15, 2024 and (ii) a Business Combination. 

16 

in total outstanding borrowings under the Sponsor Convertible Note. 

Issuance of Extension Convertible Promissory
Note 

In the second quarter of 2023, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note (the Extension Convertible Promissory Note to the Sponsor with a principal amount up to .
The Extension Convertible Promissory Note bared no interest and was repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the effective date of a
Business Combination, or (b) the date of the Company s liquidation. If the Company did not consummate a Business Combination by
the Extended Date, the Extension Convertible Promissory Note would have been repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account
or forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. Upon maturity, the outstanding principal of the Extension Convertible Promissory Note
was convertible into warrants, at a price of per warrant, at the option of the Sponsor. Such warrants would have terms identical
to the warrants issued to the Sponsor in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the IPO. 

On November 6, 2023, as required by the SPA, the
Company entered into a Termination Agreement with the Original Sponsor. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company terminated
the Extension Convertible Promissory Note in connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA. 

In connection with the termination of the Extension
Convertible Promissory Note, the Original Sponsor agreed to cancel and waive all indebtedness under the Extension Convertible Promissory
Note. Accordingly, the carrying value under the Sponsor Convertible Note was recognized as a capital contribution from Original Sponsor. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had in total outstanding borrowings under the Extension Convertible Promissory Note. 

Service and Administrative Fees 

The Company has agreed, commencing on November
10, 2021, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative
support services provided to the Company s management team. The Company had incurred under this arrangement. 

Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company
terminated the Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, in connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated
by the SPA. The Original Sponsor forgave and discharged all outstanding fees owed under the Administrative Services Agreement. Accordingly,
all outstanding fees, or , under the Administrative Services Agreement was recognized as a capital contribution from Original
Sponsor. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 no services and administrative fees were incurred. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred
 and in administrative support services, respectively. 

shares of preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. On September 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock
Purchase Agreement in which the Company agreed to sell to BCMP Services Limited an aggregate of preference shares in two tranches
for aggregate consideration of (Note 7). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and no shares of
preference shares, respectively, issued and outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares - The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class A Ordinary Shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were and shares of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, respectively, of which
 were subject to possible redemption and were classified at their redemption value outside of shareholders deficit on
the balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and Non-Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares issued
and outstanding, respectively, and were classified as shareholders deficit on the balance sheets. 

17 

in connection with the Company s Business Combination. 

Class B ordinary shares - The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to vote for each share. 

On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of
the Company s Charter, as amended by the amendments to the Charter, the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, totaling 
Class B ordinary shares, elected to convert Class B ordinary share held by them on a one-for-one basis into nonredeemable Class
A Ordinary Shares, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 
Non-Redeemable Class A Ordinary shares issued and outstanding, and Class B ordinary share issued and outstanding. The Non-Redeemable
Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B ordinary share contain the same terms and provisions and performance condition. 

The Class B ordinary share will automatically
convert into Class A Ordinary Share concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial business combination on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of
the Class B ordinary share will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of Class A Ordinary
Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by public shareholders), plus
(ii) the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares
issued, deemed issued or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to
the Company Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Class B ordinary
shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

and warrants issued in the Public Offering, respectively, consisting of Public Warrants
and and Private Placement Warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are accounted
for in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria
for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified each warrant as a liability
at its fair value, with the change in the fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. 

The Public Warrants will become exercisable 
days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and
current registration statement covering the shares of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such shares of ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business
Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company
shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

18 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Except as set forth below, none of the Private
Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Company, Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company Class A ordinary shares except as otherwise described in Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants in the Public Offering prospectus; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants - Anti-dilution Adjustments in the Public Offering prospectus) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The fair market value of the Company s
Class A Ordinary Shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares
during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company
will provide the warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading day period described
above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Any redemption of the warrants for Class A Ordinary Shares will apply to both the Public Warrants
and the Private Placement Warrants. 

No fractional Class A Ordinary Shares will be
issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will
round down to the nearest whole number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holder. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
Company management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless
basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units
sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the shares of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private
Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited
exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and
be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held
by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and
exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

19 

per share of ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to
be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business
Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of the Company s Ordinary Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the
Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of
the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which
the Company issues the additional shares of ordinary shares or equity-linked securities. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends on
its Ordinary Shares to date and does not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the Company s
initial business combination will be within the discretion of the Company s board of directors at such time. 

and in demand deposit account, respectively. The fair values
of cash, prepaid assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses are estimated to approximate the carrying values as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 due to the short maturities of such instruments. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Total 

Private Placement Warrants 

Derivative liability 

Total 

20 

Change in fair value 

Amortization of debt discount 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Amortization of debt discount 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

Amortization of debt discount 

Termination due to Cancellation Agreement (Note 7) 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

As of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value
of the derivative liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. 

December 15, 2023 

December 28, 2023 

December 31, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Unamortized debt discount 

Amortization of debt discount 

Fair value as of December 31, 2023 

21 

Units to
cover over-allotments at the Public Offering price, less the underwriting commissions, bringing the total amount of Units purchased by
the Underwriters to Units. 

The Underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of two percent of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or . Additionally, the Underwriters was entitled
to a Deferred Underwriting Commission of or of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon
the completion of the Company s initial business combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On October 26, 2023 and November 6, 2023, Barclays
Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., respectively, the underwriters for the Company s Initial Public Offering, agreed
to waive all rights to their respective portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission. 

Convertible Senior Secured Promissory Note 

The Company issued a Convertible Senior Secured
Promissory Note on November 6, 2023, to Blue Capital Management Partners, LLP Blue Capital with a principal amount up
to Two Million Dollars (the Blue Capital Note ). The Blue Capital Note bears no interest and is repayable in
full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination, (ii) the date of the liquidation of the
Company and (iii) December 31, 2024. Concurrent with the closing of the Business Combination, any amounts outstanding under the Blue Capital
Note (or any portion thereof) will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, par value per share Class
A Ordinary Shares at a conversion price equal to per share, and the Original Sponsor will forfeit an equal number of Class
A Ordinary Shares that it owns pursuant to the SPA. Additionally, from the closing of the Business Combination until the date that is
eighteen (18) months after such closing, the Company has the right to purchase from New Sponsor up to of the warrants that New
Sponsor acquired from Original Sponsor upon the Closing of the SPA, at a price of per private placement warrant. 

If immediately prior to the closing of the Business
Combination, the Maximum Amount has not yet been paid to the Company, Blue Capital shall have the right to pay any remaining amounts to
the Company before the closing of the Business Combination. If the Company has not entered into a definitive agreement for a Business
Combination by February 29, 2024 or there is an Event of Default (as defined in the Blue Capital Note), the Company must issue to Blue
Capital Class A Ordinary Shares, within business of the closing of the Business Combination. 

22 

(the Blue Capital
Note was cancelled. Prior to its cancellation, the Blue Capital Note had been assigned by Blue Capital to Blue Perception Capital
LLP Blue Perception ). 

Concurrent with entering into the Cancellation
Agreement, the Company entered into a new Convertible Preferred Note dated September 24, 2024 in the original principal amount of up to
Two Million Dollars with Blue Perception (the Blue Perception Note ). The Blue Perception Note bears no interest
and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination, (ii) the date of the
liquidation of the Company and (iii) December 31, 2024. Concurrent with the closing of the Business Combination, any amounts outstanding
under the Blue Capital Note (or any portion thereof) will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value
 per share Class A Shares at a conversion price equal to per share, and RCF VII Sponsor LLC (the Former
Sponsor will forfeit an equal number of Class A Shares that it owns pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.
Additionally, from the closing of the Business Combination until the date that is eighteen (18) months after such closing, Blue Perception
has the right to purchase from Perception Capital Partners IV LLC up to Class A Shares, at a per share price of per Class
A Share. 

Under the Blue Perception Note, Blue Perception
will fund each of the following amounts to the Company no later than the date set forth below: 

a. Before the date of the Blue Perception Note, the Company
received in connection with the Blue Capital Note; 

b. on September 30, 2024; 

c. on October 15, 2024; 

d. on October 31, 2024; 

e. on November 29, 2024, provided, however, that the
maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under this Note may not exceed Two Million Dollars (such amount, the Maximum
Amount ). 

If immediately prior to the closing of the Business
Combination, the Maximum Amount has not yet been paid to the Company, Blue Perception shall have the right to pay any remaining amounts
to the Company before the closing of the Business Combination. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On December 5, 2023, the Company, Blue Gold Limited,
a Cayman Islands company limited by shares PubCo ), and Blue Gold Holdings Limited, a private company limited by shares
formed under the laws of England and Wales BGHL ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or
restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions contained in the Business Combination Agreement, (i) BGHL and PubCo shall consummate a share exchange (the Exchange pursuant to which PubCo will purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of BGHL in exchange for PubCo Ordinary Shares; (ii) the
Company and a to-be-formed subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub will merge (the Merger with the Company surviving
the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. 

23 

private placement warrants for an aggregate of
 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Exchange Shares ). This equates to a conversion ratio of Class A ordinary share
for each 12 Private Warrants. The Exchange Shares shall rank pari passu with the existing Ordinary Shares, other than that the
Exchange Shares shall not confer on the holder thereof (i) any right to receive funds from the Trust Account (as such term is defined
in the Company s articles of association), or (ii) any right to vote on a resolution to approve a Business Combination (as such
term is defined in the Company s articles of association). The Exchange Shares will be restricted securities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement 

On September 6, 2024 the Company entered into
a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement in which the Company agreed to sell to BCMP Services Limited an aggregate of preference shares
in two tranches for aggregate consideration of . The Preference Shares shall have no entitlement to the assets of the Trust Account,
whether by way of interim distribution or as a distribution in respect of the winding of the Company or otherwise. The Preference Shares
shall carry no right to vote on any resolution to approve a Business Combination. Each Preference Share shall automatically convert into
 Class A Ordinary Shares on the date that is days after completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

24 

months of the effectiveness of its initial
public offering registration statement, or such shorter period that the Company specified in its registration statement. Trading in the
Securities has been suspended. 

As indicated in the letter, the Company has a
right to a review of the delisting determination by a Committee of the Board of Directors of the Exchange, provided a written request
for such review is made within business days of the date of the letter. The Company does not intend to make such a request. The NYSE
will apply to the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist the Company s Securities upon completion of all applicable procedures,
including any appeal by the Company of the NYSE Regulation staff s decision. 

Effective November 18, 2024, the Ordinary Shares,
Units and Warrants will trade in the over-the-counter market under the symbols RCFAF, RCFUF and RCFWF, 
respectively. 

On November 13, 2024, at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the Second Meeting ), shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Memorandum extending the deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business
combination from November 15, 2024 to November 15, 2025 on a month to month basis provided that the Company make a payment into the Trust
Account established in connection with the Company s IPO equal to per month for each month extended. This proposal was approved. 

In connection with the extensions amendment proposal
voted on at the Second Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem
their shares for approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of of the funds held in the Company s
Trust Account. 

On November 15, 2024 and December 13, 2024, a
deposit of was made into the Trust Account to extend the deadline by which an initial business combination must be completed from
November 15, 2024 to December 15, 2024 and from December 15, 2024 to January 15, 2025. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report and subsequent
to September 30, 2024, pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company has sold to BCMP Services Limited an aggregate
of preference shares for consideration of . 

25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Perception Capital Corp.
IV. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Original Sponsor refer to RCF VII Sponsor LLC. References to the New Sponsor are to Perception Capital
Partners IV LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be
read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us
or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety
by this paragraph. 

For information identifying important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk
Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 23,
2024 and under Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on June
9, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not entered into a definitive agreement
with a business combination target with respect to an initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination
target in any industry, we intend to target assets or businesses of scale across the critical minerals value chain that are poised to
benefit over the long-term from the substantial market opportunity created by the global energy transition. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or
backstop agreements we may enter into following the Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional shares in connection
with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A Ordinary Shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A Ordinary Shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A Ordinary Shares and/or warrants. 

26 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements,
as of September 30, 2024, we had 54,932 held outside the Trust Account that is available to us to fund our working capital requirements
and 55,374,143 held inside the Trust Account. We cannot assure you that our plan to complete our initial business combination will be
successful. 

Our registration statement for the Public Offering
became effective on November 9, 2021. On November 15, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, including the issuance
of 3,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds, before expenses, of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement
of 11,700,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds,
before expenses, of 11,700,000. 

Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the
Private Placement, 234,600,000 was placed in the Trust Account. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, if any, the funds
held in the Trust Account would not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by
January 15, 2025, subject to applicable law, (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we have not consummated our initial business combination by January 15, 2025 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to
shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only
in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The proceeds deposited in
the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims
of its public shareholders. 

27 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within the extended date from the closing of the Public Offering, or January 15, 2025, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of
creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

On May 9, 2023, the Company held an Extraordinary
General Meeting, in connection with which, shareholders holding an aggregate of 9,985,568 Class A Ordinary Shares exercised their right
to redeem their shares for approximately 10.50 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 104,889,892 of the funds held in the
Company s Trust Account. 

On November 2, 2023, the Original Sponsor entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Perception Capital Partners IV LLC (the Buyer or New
Sponsor ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Buyer will acquire certain of the Original Sponsor s (i) Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Ordinary Shares ), of the Company and (ii) private placement warrants (together
with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Securities ). 

On November 6, 2023, in connection with the closing Closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA, the Company entered into a Joinder Agreement (the Joinder to that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated November 9, 2021, with the Original Sponsor and New Sponsor. Pursuant the Joinder,
New Sponsor will receive the same rights and benefits with respect to its newly acquired Class A Shares (as defined below) and private
placement warrants as the Original Sponsor has with respect to its Class A Shares and private placement warrants. 

In connection with the Closing of the transactions
contemplated by the SPA, on November 6, 2023: (i) each of the Company s then-current directors, James McClements, Sunny S. Shah,
Thomas M. Boehlert, Hugo Dryland, Elodie Grant Goodey, Timothy Baker, and Daniel Malchuk, resigned as directors, and the Company accepted
their resignations; (ii) the vacancies on the Company s board of directors caused by such resignations were filled by Scott Honour,
Rick Gaenzle, R. Rudolph Reinfrank, Thomas J. Abood and Karrie Willis (the New Directors (iii) each of the Company s
then-current officers, Sunny S. Shah, Thomas M. Boehlert and Rebecca Coffelt, resigned as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
and Secretary, respectively, and the Company accepted their resignations; and (iv) the appointments of Rick Gaenzle as Chief Executive
Officer, John Stanfield as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Scott Honour as Chairman of the Board, and Tao Tan as President (the
 New Officers became effective. R. Rudolph Reinfrank, Thomas J. Abood and Karrie Willis will serve as members of the Company s
Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee. 

On November 6, 2023, the Original Sponsor and
New Sponsor consummated the transactions contemplated by the SPA pursuant to which, among other things, New Sponsor acquired certain of
the Original Sponsor s (i) Class A Shares and (ii) private placement warrants, subject to the terms and conditions described in
the SPA. 

On December 5, 2023, the Company held another
Extraordinary General Meeting, in connection with which, shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,236,760 Class A Ordinary Shares exercised
their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.99 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 90,510,679 of the funds
held in the Company s Trust Account. 

On December 5, 2023, the Company, Blue Gold Limited,
a Cayman Islands company limited by shares PubCo ), and Blue Gold Holdings Limited, a private company limited by shares
formed under the laws of England and Wales BGHL ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or
restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions contained in the Business Combination Agreement, (i) BGHL and PubCo shall consummate a share exchange (the Exchange pursuant to which PubCo will purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of BGHL in exchange for PubCo Ordinary Shares; (ii) the
Company and a to-be-formed subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub will merge (the Merger with the Company surviving
the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. 

28 

Results of Operations 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of 662,463. The net income was comprised of other income, net, of 1,159,596 offset by general and administrative expenses
of 497,133. Other income, net was comprised of change in fair value of derivative liability of 163,906, interest expense debt
discount of 16,432, gain on warrant liability of 323,387, and interest earned in the Trust Account of 688,735. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of 465,211. The net income was comprised of other income, net, of 2,045,275 offset by general and administrative expenses
of 1,580,064. Other income, net was comprised of change in fair value of derivative liability of 122,297, interest expense debt
discount of 115,024, loss on warrant liability of 3,733 and interest earned in the Trust Account of 2,041,735. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 2,737,046, and a loss from operations of 222,638, which was comprised of general and administrative expenses, and
other income, net, of 2,959,684. Other income was comprised of interest earned in the Trust Account of 1,799,684 and a change in fair
value of the warrant liability of 1,160,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of 2,480,758, and a loss from operations of 4,052,795, which was comprised of general and administrative expenses,
and other income of 6,533,533. Other income was comprised of interest earned in the Trust Account of 6,533,553. 

Our only activities from inception to September
30, 2024, have been organizational activities and preparation for our public offering, and activities related to pursuing merger opportunities.
Since the consummation of our Public Offering through September 30, 2024, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of potential
initial business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our
initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after
the public offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred
since the date of our audited financial statements. We are incurring increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On November 15, 2021, we consummated our Public
Offering in which we sold 23,000,000 of the Company s Units Units , held by Public Shareholders ), each
consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share Public Share and one-half warrant Redeemable Warrant to purchase
one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50, at a price of 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000 before
underwriting fees and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of our Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 11,700,000
Private Placement Warrants, each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment, to the Sponsor, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of 11,700,000. 

In connection with our Public Offering, the Company
incurred offering costs of 13,267,977, consisting of 12,650,000 of underwriters fees of which 8,050,000 was recorded as Deferred Underwriting
Commissions and 617,977 of other offering costs. Other offering costs consisted principally of formation and preparation fees related
to our Public Offering. Of the total offering costs, 671,494 of which was allocated to the Warrants, were immediately expensed and 12,596,483
was allocated to redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares, reducing the carrying amount of such shares. 

Of the 241,700,000 total proceeds from the Public
Offering and Private Placement, 234,600,000 was placed in our U.S.-based Trust Account, established for the benefit of our public shareholders.
Prior to the closing of our Public Offering, the Sponsor had made 296,235 in loans and advances to the Company. The loans and advances
were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of our Public Offering. The loans of 296,235
were fully repaid upon the consummation of our Public Offering on November 15, 2021. 

29 

On May 9, 2023 we held an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company s shareholders
approved several proposals to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter to (i) extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from May 15, 2023 to May 15, 2024 (the Extended
Date ), (ii) permit the Company s board of directors, in its sole discretion, to elect to wind up the Company s operations
on an earlier date than the Extended Date as determined by the Board and included in a public announcement, (iii) eliminate from the Charter
the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001 in connection with the Company s Business Combination, and (iv) provide for the right of a holder of the
Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share to convert into Class A Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis prior
to the closing of Business Combination at the election of the holder. 

In connection with the Extended Date, shareholders
holding an aggregate of 9,985,568 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their ordinary shares for approximately
 10.50 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 104,889,892 of the funds held in the Company s Trust Account. 

In connection with the above extension, beginning
on May 16, 2023, and thereafter on the first day of each month (or if such first day is not a business day, on the business day immediately
preceding such first day), the Company shall deposit additional funds into the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s
initial public offering an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 0.03 per public share multiplied by the number of Class A Ordinary Shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, then outstanding and not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment and (ii) 300,000 (or a pro
rata portion thereof if less than a full month), until the earlier of (a) the completion of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses and (b) the announcement
of the Company s intention to wind up its operations. The Company deposited 464,516 and 900,000 in the Trust Account in second
quarter and third quarter of 2023, respectively. On November 6, 2023, as required by the SPA, the Company entered into a Termination Agreement
with the Original Sponsor. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company terminated the Extension Convertible Promissory Note in
connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA. In connection with the termination of the Extension Convertible
Promissory Note, the Original Sponsor agreed to cancel and waive all indebtedness under the Extension Convertible Promissory Note, including
the draws made through December 5, 2023. 

On December 5, 2023, at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the Meeting ), shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Memorandum extending the deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination
from May 15, 2024 to November 15, 2024 provided that the Company make a payment into the trust account for the first three-month extension
(from December 15, 2023 through March 15, 2024) equal to the lesser of 150,000 or 0.045 per share of Class A Ordinary Shares entitled
to redemption rights and thereafter, a payment of equal to the lesser of 50,000 or 0.015 per Public Share per month through November
15, 2024. On December 14, 2023, the Company deposited 184,623 into the trust account. Shareholders also approved an amendment to change
the name of the Company from RCF Acquisition Co. to Perception Capital Corp. IV. 

In connection with the extensions amendment proposal
voted on at the Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,236,760 Class A Ordinary Shares exercised their right to redeem their
shares for approximately 10.99 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 90,510,679 of the funds held in the Company s
Trust Account. 

On November 13, 2024, at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the Second Meeting ), shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Memorandum extending the deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business
combination from November 15, 2024 to November 15, 2025 on a month to month basis provided that the Company make a payment into the Trust
Account established in connection with the Company s IPO equal to 5,000 per month for each month extended. This proposal was approved. 

In connection with the extensions amendment proposal
voted on at the Second Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 4,444,744 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem
their shares for approximately 11.66 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 51,847,295 of the funds held in the Company s
Trust Account. 

As of September 30, 2024, we have available to
us 54,932 of cash on our balance sheet and a working capital deficit of 1,923,409. We will use the available cash primarily to find
and evaluate target businesses, perform business, legal, and accounting due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. The interest income
earned on the investments in our Trust Account are unavailable to fund operating expenses. 

30 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with the initial business combination, prior to November 6, 2023, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. On November 6, 2023, as required by the SPA, the Company
entered into an Omnibus Termination and Release Agreement with the Original Sponsor (the Termination Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Termination Agreement, the Company terminated the Sponsor Convertible Note in connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated
by the SPA. In connection with the termination of the Sponsor Convertible Note, the Original Sponsor agreed to cancel and waive all indebtedness
under the Sponsor Convertible Note. 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We anticipate that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of September 30,
2024, will not be sufficient to allow us to operate until January 15, 2025, the extended date at which we must complete a Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by January 15, 2025, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with FASB s ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately be available if necessary. Management
also has determined that if the Company will be unable to complete a Business Combination by January 15, 2025, the extended date of which
the Company must complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by January 15, 2025, then
the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. Management has determined that substantial doubt exists about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern due to the need to obtain additional capital from the Sponsor to address the
Company s liquidity condition, which the Sponsor is not obligated to advance, and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate
after January 15, 2025. 

As of September 30, 2024, we have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into
any non-financial assets. 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine and the most recent escalation of ongoing global conflicts, including in the Middle East and
has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these various global conflicts could have a negative effect on the Company s
financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as
of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On June 9, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 5,750,000
Founder Shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. The Sponsor subsequently transferred
an aggregate of 402,500 Founder Shares to members of the Company s board of directors, management team, board of advisors and/or
their estate planning vehicles for the same per-share consideration that it originally paid for such shares, resulting in the Sponsor
holding 5,347,500 Founder Shares. 

Our initial shareholders have agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion
thereof until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our
initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. 

31 

On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Company s
Charter, as amended by the amendments to the Charter, the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, totaling 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares, elected to convert 5,749,999 Class B ordinary share held by them on a one-for-one basis into nonredeemable Class A Ordinary Shares,
with immediate effect. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had an aggregate of 5,749,999 Non-Redeemable Class
A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, and one Class B ordinary share issued and outstanding. 

Sponsor Notes 

Sponsor Convertible Note 

On April 1, 2022, we issued an unsecured convertible
promissory note (the Sponsor Convertible Note to our Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to 5,000,000 from the
Sponsor for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of a Business Combination. The Sponsor
Convertible Note is non-interest bearing and all unpaid principal will be due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) May 15, 2024 and
(ii) the effective date of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination,
involving us and one or more businesses (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ). 

Up to 1,500,000 of such loans were convertible
into Private Placement Warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Our
Sponsor will have the option, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, to convert any amounts outstanding under the Sponsor Convertible
Note, into warrants to purchase the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s Public Offering. The Sponsor Convertible Note is accounted
for within the scope of ASC 815 and as a result, the Company bifurcated from the proceeds allocated to the debt host the fair value of
a single derivative that comprises all of the individual features requiring bifurcation. Any remaining debt proceeds will be allocated
to the debt host. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature upon the issuance of the Sponsor Convertible Note is de minimis. 

On May 11, 2023, the Company amended and restated
the Sponsor Convertible Note to extend the maturity date from the earlier of (i) May 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a Business
Combination to the earlier of (i) May 15, 2024 and (ii) a Business Combination. 

On November 6, 2023, as required by the SPA, the
Company entered into an Omnibus Termination and Release Agreement with the Original Sponsor (the Termination Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company terminated the Sponsor Convertible Note in connection with the Closing of the transactions
contemplated by the SPA. 

In connection with the termination of the Sponsor
Convertible Note, the Original Sponsor agreed to cancel and waive all indebtedness under the Sponsor Convertible Note. 

Issuance of Extension Convertible Promissory
Note 

In the second quarter of 2023, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note (the Extension Convertible Promissory Note to the Sponsor with a principal amount up to 3,600,000.
The Extension Convertible Promissory Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the effective date of a Business
Combination, or (b) the date of the Company s liquidation. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by the Extended
Date, the Extension Convertible Promissory Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited,
eliminated or otherwise forgiven. Upon maturity, the outstanding principal of the Extension Convertible Promissory Note may be converted
into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the Sponsor. Such warrants will have terms identical to the warrants
issued to the Sponsor in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the IPO. 

In the second quarter and third quarter of 2023,
the Company borrowed 450,000 and 900,000, respectively, from the Extension Convertible Promissory Note. 

On November 6, 2023, as required by the SPA, the
Company entered into a Termination Agreement with the Original Sponsor. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company terminated
the Extension Convertible Promissory Note in connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA. 

In connection with the termination of the Extension
Convertible Promissory Note, the Original Sponsor agreed to cancel and waive all indebtedness under the Extension Convertible Promissory
Note. 

32 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

At September 30, 2024, we did not have any long-term
debt, finance lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Service and Administrative Fees 

We agreed, commencing on November 10, 2021, to
pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services
provided to our management team. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has incurred 0, 30,000
and 90,000, respectively, in these fees. 

Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company
terminated the Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, in connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated
by the SPA. The Original Sponsor forgave and discharged all outstanding fees owed, or 237,000, under the Administrative Services Agreement. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of two percent (2 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or 4,600,000. Additionally, the underwriters will be entitled
to a Deferred Underwriting Commission of 3.5 or 8,050,000 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon
the completion of the Company s initial business combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Deferred Underwriting
Commissions was payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On October 26, 2023 and November 6, 2023, the
underwriters for the Company s Initial Public Offering, consisting of Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. agreed
to waive all rights to their respective portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission. 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) were entitled to
registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Public Offering. The holders of
these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of the initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Employment Agreement 

On September 1, 2022, we entered into the Employment
Agreement with Mr. Shah. The Employment Agreement has a term commencing September 1, 2022 and terminates automatically on the later of
(i) May 15, 2023, (ii) August 15, 2023 if the Company has executed a letter of intent or agreement in principle in connection with a business
combination, and (iii) the closing date of a business combination. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Shah is entitled to earn an annual
salary of 50,000 and will be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses necessary for him to carry out his duties. Mr. Shah or the Company
may terminate the employment with three months written notice; however, no notice is required in the case of an automatic termination
as described above, or for the Company to terminate the employment for cause, such as due to gross misconduct or material breach of obligations,
as set forth under the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement also provides for post termination obligations for Mr. Shah, including
customary non-compete covenants for up to six months following any termination. 

In connection with Mr. Shah s resignation
as Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to the SPA, the Company and Mr. Shah entered into a letter agreement on November 6, 2023 (the Employment
Termination Date ), terminating his Employment Agreement with the Company dated September 1, 2022 (the Employment Agreement ).
The letter agreement between Mr. Shah and the Company provides that the Company will (i) pay the sum of 12,500 to Mr. Shah as a payment
in lieu of notice owed under the Employment Agreement through the next available payroll following the Employment Termination Date and
(ii) make a payment in lieu of Mr. Shah s accrued but untaken holiday entitlement. 

33 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the
reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate
of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management
considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We evaluated the Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants (collectively, Warrant Securities in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in
Entity s Own Equity and concluded that the Warrant Securities could not be accounted for as components of equity. As the
Warrant Securities meet the definition of a derivative in accordance with ASC 815, the Warrant Securities are recorded as derivative liabilities
on the balance sheet and measured at fair value at inception (the Closing Date) and remeasured at each reporting date in accordance with
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. 

Convertible Senior Secured Promissory Note 

We evaluated the Convertible Senior Secured Promissory
Note Blue Capital Note in accordance with ASC 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging and concluded that with the
exception of the Private Placement Warrants feature for which the fair value of the embedded derivative feature was bifurcated, the remaining
debt proceeds received have been allocated to the debt host at Par (i.e., recorded at proceeds received). Pursuant to ASC 470, the Company
recorded the fair value of the embedded derivative feature on the consolidated balance sheets using the relative fair value method and
the related amortization of the debt discount on its statements of operations. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with accounting for complex
financial reporting transactions and accounting for the extinguishment of liabilities. 

34 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2023 using the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment and those criteria, management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded
that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial reporting transactions was not effectively designed
or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the immaterial corrections of the Company s balance sheet as of December 31,
2022 and its interim financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, September 30, 2022, and June 30, 2022. Additionally,
the Company s management has concluded that our control around the accounting for its complex financial instrument related to its
convertible sponsor notes was not effective. This material weakness resulted in material correction of the Company s financial
statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. 

Additionally, the Company s management determined
it should restate its previously reported financial statements for the periods ended December 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024. The Company
identified that the liability for deferred underwriting commissions should have been extinguished in during the quarter ended December
31, 2023. As a result, the Company did not adhere to ASC 405 guidance. Due to this error, deferred underwriting commissions was overstated
and accumulated deficit and net income was understated. The impact of the error affects the financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2023 and three months ended March 31, 2024. 

In light of this material weakness, we performed
additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our unaudited interim financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management has undertaken remediation steps to
address the material weaknesses, including increasing its management review processes over complex financial reporting transactions. This
remediation is an ongoing process and there can be no assurance that it will effectively address the material weaknesses. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting due to an
exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Restated Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed
with the SEC on August 30, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business
or results of operations. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on August 30, 2024. However,
we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. . 

36 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PERCEPTION CAPITAL CORP IV. 

Date:
 December 17, 2024 
 
 /s/ Rick Gaenzle 

Name: 
 Rick Gaenzle 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 December 17, 2024 
 
 /s/ John Stanfield 

Name: 
 John Stanfield 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022479801ex31-1_percept4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS AMENDED 

I, Rick Gaenzle, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Perception Capital Corp. IV; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December
 17, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rick Gaenzle 

Rick Gaenzle 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022479801ex31-2_percept4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS AMENDED 

I, John Stanfield certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Perception Capital Corp. IV; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December
 17, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Stanfield 

John Stanfield 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022479801ex32-1_percept4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Perception
Capital Corp. IV (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rick Gaenzle, Chief Executive Officer and Director of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date: December
 17, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rick Gaenzle 

Rick Gaenzle 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022479801ex32-2_percept4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Perception
Capital Corp. IV (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Stanfield, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date: December
 17, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Stanfield 

John Stanfield 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pftau-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pftau-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pftau-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pftau-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pftau-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

