<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1858681_0001858681-24-000120.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>45371861</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>473372</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4492319</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>25219064</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6691957</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6971818</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001858681-24-000120.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106170240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001858681-24-000120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Global Management, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001858681
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				863155788
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41197
		FILM NUMBER:		241432041

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-515-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tango Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001858681-24-000120.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 apo-20240930.htm
 10-Q

apo-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 11 
 ITEM 1A. Unaudited Supplemental Presentation of Statements of Financial Condition 
 99 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 103 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 160 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 161 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 163 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 163 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 165 
 ITEM 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 166 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 166 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 166 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 167 
 Signatures 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include, but are not limited to, discussions related to Apollo s expectations regarding the performance of its business, its liquidity and capital resources and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this report, the words believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, target or future or conditional verbs, such as will, should, could, or may, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks relating to inflation, interest rate fluctuations and market conditions generally, the impact of energy market dislocation, our ability to manage our growth, our ability to operate in highly competitive environments, the performance of the funds we manage, our ability to raise new funds, the variability of our revenues, earnings and cash flow, the accuracy of management s assumptions and estimates, our dependence on certain key personnel, our use of leverage to finance our businesses and investments by the funds we manage, Athene s ability to maintain or improve financial strength ratings, the impact of Athene s reinsurers failing to meet their assumed obligations, Athene s ability to manage its business in a highly regulated industry, changes in our regulatory environment and tax status, and litigation risks, among others. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in this quarterly report and the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 27, 2024 (the 2023 Annual Report ), as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

Terms Used in This Report 
 
 In this report, references to Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Apollo Global Management, Inc. AGM and its subsidiaries unless the context requires otherwise. References to AGM common stock or common stock of the Company refer to shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, of AGM and Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock refers to the 6.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of AGM. 
 
 The use of any defined term in this report to mean more than one entity, person, security or other item collectively is solely for convenience of reference and in no way implies that such entities, persons, securities or other items are one indistinguishable group. For example, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company in this report to refer to AGM and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary of AGM is a standalone legal entity that is separate and distinct from AGM and any of its other subsidiaries. Any AGM entity (including any Athene entity) referenced herein is responsible for its own financial, contractual and legal obligations. 
 
 Term or Acronym Definition AAA Apollo Aligned Alternatives Aggregator, LP AADE Athene Annuity Life Assurance Company AAIA Athene Annuity and Life Company AAM Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (f/k/a Apollo Global Management, Inc. prior to the Mergers.) AARe Athene Annuity Re Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurance subsidiary ABS Asset-backed securities Accord+ Apollo Accord+ Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord+ II Apollo Accord+ II Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord I Apollo Accord Master Fund, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord II Apollo Accord Master Fund II, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord III Apollo Accord Master Fund III, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord III B Apollo Accord Master Fund III B, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord IV Apollo Accord Fund IV, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord V Apollo Accord Fund V, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Accord VI Apollo Accord Fund VI, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord Funds Accord I, Accord II, Accord III, Accord III B, Accord IV, Accord V and Accord VI Accord+ Funds Accord+ and Accord+ II ACRA ACRA 1 and ACRA 2 ACRA 1 Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate Holding Ltd., together with its subsidiaries ACRA 2 Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate Holding 2 Ltd., together with its subsidiaries ADCF Apollo Diversified Credit Fund ADIP ADIP I and ADIP II ADIP I Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Program (A), L.P., together with its parallel funds, a series of funds managed by Apollo including third-party capital that, through ACRA 1, invests alongside Athene in certain investments ADIP II Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Program II, L.P., a fund managed by Apollo including third-party capital that, through ACRA 2, invests alongside Athene in certain investments Adjusted Net Income Shares Outstanding, or ANI Shares Outstanding Consists of total shares of common stock outstanding, RSUs that participate in dividends, and shares of common stock assumed to be issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ADREF Apollo Diversified Real Estate Fund ADS Apollo Debt Solutions BDC AFS Available-for-sale AFT Apollo Senior Floating Rate Fund, Inc. AIF Apollo Tactical Income Fund, Inc. AIOF I Apollo Infra Equity US Fund, L.P. and Apollo Infra Equity International Fund, L.P., including their feeder funds and alternative investment vehicles AIOF II Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AIOF III Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles ALRe Athene Life Re Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurance subsidiary Alternative investments Alternative investments, including investment funds, VIEs and certain equity securities due to their underlying characteristics AMH Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, that is an indirect subsidiary of AGM ANRP I Apollo Natural Resources Partners, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP II Apollo Natural Resources Partners II, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP III Apollo Natural Resources Partners III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOG Unit Payment On December 31, 2021, holders of units of the Apollo Operating Group AOG Units (other than Athene and the Company) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to APO Corp., a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to 3.66 multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction. Apollo funds, our funds and references to the funds we manage The funds (including the parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles of such funds), partnerships, accounts, including strategic investment accounts or SIAs, alternative asset companies and other entities for which subsidiaries of Apollo provide investment management or advisory services. Apollo Operating Group (i) The entities through which we currently operate our asset management business and (ii) one or more entities formed for the purpose of, among other activities, holding certain of our gains or losses on our principal investments in the funds, which we refer to as our principal investments. ARI Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. ARIS Apollo Realty Income Solutions, Inc., a non-traded real estate investment trust managed by Apollo 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Assets Under Management, or AUM The assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, including, without limitation, capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts have the right to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments. Our AUM equals the sum of: 1. the NAV, plus used or available leverage and/or capital commitments, or gross assets plus capital commitments, of the credit and certain equity funds, partnerships and accounts for which we provide investment management or advisory services, other than certain CLOs, CDOs, and certain perpetual capital vehicles, which have a fee-generating basis other than the mark-to-market value of the underlying assets; for certain perpetual capital vehicles in credit, gross asset value plus available financing capacity; 2. the fair value of the investments of the equity and certain credit funds, partnerships and accounts Apollo manages or advises, plus the capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts are entitled to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments, plus portfolio level financings; 3. the gross asset value associated with the reinsurance investments of the portfolio company assets Apollo manages or advises; and 4. the fair value of any other assets that Apollo manages or advises for the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, plus unused credit facilities, including capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts for investments that may require pre-qualification or other conditions before investment plus any other capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts available for investment that are not otherwise included in the clauses above. Apollo s AUM measure includes Assets Under Management for which Apollo charges either nominal or zero fees. Apollo s AUM measure also includes assets for which Apollo does not have investment discretion, including certain assets for which Apollo earns only investment-related service fees, rather than management or advisory fees. Apollo s definition of AUM is not based on any definition of Assets Under Management contained in its governing documents or in any management agreements of the funds Apollo manages. Apollo considers multiple factors for determining what should be included in its definition of AUM. Such factors include but are not limited to (1) Apollo s ability to influence the investment decisions for existing and available assets; (2) Apollo s ability to generate income from the underlying assets in the funds it manages; and (3) the AUM measures that Apollo uses internally or believes are used by other investment managers. Given the differences in the investment strategies and structures among other alternative investment managers, Apollo s calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations employed by other investment managers and, as a result, this measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Apollo s calculation also differs from the manner in which its affiliates registered with the SEC report Regulatory Assets Under Management on Form ADV and Form PF in various ways. Apollo uses AUM, Gross capital deployment and Dry powder as performance measurements of its investment activities, as well as to monitor fund size in relation to professional resource and infrastructure needs. Athene Athene Holding Ltd. Athene Holding or AHL , together with its subsidiaries, Athene ), a leading financial services company specializing in retirement services that issues, reinsures and acquires retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs, and to which Apollo, through its consolidated subsidiary ISG, provides asset management and advisory services. Athora Athora Holding, Ltd. Athora Holding , together with its subsidiaries, Athora ), a strategic liabilities platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the German and broader European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). Apollo, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services to Athora. Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets includes the Athora assets which are managed by Apollo but not sub-advised by Apollo nor invested in Apollo funds or investment vehicles. Athora Sub-Advised includes assets which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. Atlas An equity investment of AAA and refers to certain subsidiaries of Atlas Securitized Products Holdings LP AUM with Future Management Fee Potential The committed uninvested capital portion of total AUM not currently earning management fees. The amount depends on the specific terms and conditions of each fund. AUSA Athene USA Corporation Bermuda RBC The risk-based capital ratio of Athene s non-U.S. reinsurance subsidiaries calculated using Bermuda capital and applying NAIC risk-based capital factors on an aggregate basis. Adjustments are made to (1) exclude U.S. subsidiaries which are included within Athene s U.S. RBC Ratio and (2) limit RBC concentration charges such that when they are applied to determine target capital, the charges do not exceed 100 of the asset s carrying value. BMA Bermuda Monetary Authority Capital solutions fees and other, net Primarily includes transaction fees earned by our capital solutions business which we refer to as Apollo Capital Solutions ACS related to underwriting, structuring, arrangement and placement of debt and equity securities, and syndication for funds managed by Apollo, portfolio companies of funds managed by Apollo, and third parties. Capital solutions fees and other, net also includes advisory fees for the ongoing monitoring of portfolio operations and directors fees. These fees also include certain offsetting amounts, including reductions in management fees related to a percentage of these fees recognized management fee offset and other additional revenue sharing arrangements. 
 CDO Collateralized debt obligation Class A shares Class A common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of AAM prior to the Mergers. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 CLO Collateralized loan obligation CMBS Commercial mortgage-backed securities CML Commercial mortgage loan Contributing Partners Partners and their related parties (other than Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan, our co-founders) who indirectly beneficially owned AOG units. Consolidated RBC The consolidated risk-based capital ratio of Athene s non-U.S. reinsurance and U.S. insurance subsidiaries calculated by aggregating U.S. RBC and Bermuda RBC. Cost of funds Cost of funds includes liability costs related to cost of crediting on both deferred annuities, including, with respect to Athene's fixed indexed annuities, option costs, and institutional costs related to institutional products, as well as other liability costs, but does not include the proportionate share of the ACRA cost of funds associated with the non-controlling interests. Other liability costs include DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization, certain market risk benefit costs, the cost of liabilities on products other than deferred annuities and institutional products, premiums and certain product charges and other revenues. Athene includes the costs related to business added through assumed reinsurance transactions but excludes the costs on business related to ceded reinsurance transactions. Cost of funds is computed as the total liability costs divided by the average net invested assets for the relevant period, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Credit Strategies Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd., together with its feeder funds CS Credit Suisse AG DAC Deferred acquisition costs Deferred annuities Fixed indexed annuities, annual reset annuities, multi-year guaranteed annuities and registered index-linked annuities Dry Powder The amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage. Dry powder excludes uncalled commitments which can only be called for fund fees and expenses and commitments from perpetual capital vehicles. DSI Deferred sales inducement EPF Funds Apollo European Principal Finance Fund, L.P., Apollo European Principal Finance Fund II (Dollar A), L.P., EPF III, and EPF IV, together with their parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF III Apollo European Principal Finance Fund III (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF IV Apollo European Principal Finance Fund IV (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Equity Plan Refers collectively to the Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles. FABN Funding agreement backed notes FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FCI Funds Financial Credit Investment I, L.P., Financial Credit Investment II, L.P., together with its feeder funds, Financial Credit Investment Fund III L.P., Financial Credit Investment IV, L.P., together with its feeder funds, and Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Program (A), L.P., together with its parallel funds, a series of funds managed by Apollo including third-party capital that, through ACRA, invests alongside Athene in certain investments Fee-Generating AUM Fee-Generating AUM consists of assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which we provide investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services and on which we earn management fees, monitoring fees or other investment-related fees pursuant to management or other fee agreements on a basis that varies among the Apollo funds, partnerships and accounts. Management fees are normally based on net asset value, gross assets, adjusted par asset value, adjusted cost of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, adjusted assets, stockholders equity, invested capital or capital contributions, each as defined in the applicable management agreement. Monitoring fees, also referred to as advisory fees, with respect to the structured portfolio company investments of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage or advise, are generally based on the total value of such structured portfolio company investments, which normally includes leverage, less any portion of such total value that is already considered in Fee-Generating AUM. Fee Related Earnings, or FRE Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. FRE is the sum of (i) management fees, (ii) capital solutions and other related fees, (iii) fee-related performance fees from indefinite term vehicles, that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not dependent on realization events of the underlying investments, excluding performance fees from Athene and performance fees from origination platforms dependent on capital appreciation, and (iv) other income, net, less (a) fee-related compensation, excluding equity-based compensation, (b) non-compensation expenses incurred in the normal course of business, (c) placement fees and (d) non-controlling interests in the management companies of certain funds the Company manages. 
 FIA Fixed indexed annuity, which is an insurance contract that earns interest at a crediting rate based on a specified index on a tax-deferred basis Fixed annuities FIAs together with fixed rate annuities 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Former Managing Partners Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan collectively and, when used in reference to holdings of interests in Apollo or AP Professional Holdings, L.P. includes certain related parties of such individuals Freedom Parent Holdings Freedom Parent Holdings, L.P. 
 Gross capital deployment 
 The gross capital that has been invested by the funds and accounts we manage during the relevant period, but excludes certain investment activities primarily related to hedging and cash management functions at the firm. Gross capital deployment is not reduced or netted down by sales or refinancings, and takes into account leverage used by the funds and accounts we manage in gaining exposure to the various investments that they have made. 
 GLWB Guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit GMDB Guaranteed minimum death benefit Gross IRR of accord series, ADIP funds and the European principal finance funds The annualized return of a fund based on the actual timing of all cumulative fund cash flows before management fees, performance fees allocated to the general partner and certain other expenses. Calculations may include certain investors that do not pay fees. The terminal value is the net asset value as of the reporting date. Non-U.S. dollar denominated USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Gross IRR of a traditional private equity or hybrid value fund The cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on September 30, 2024 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund s investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Gross IRR of infrastructure funds The cumulative investment-related cash flows in the fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), on the basis of the actual timing of cash inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on September 30, 2024 or other date specified) starting on the date that each investment closes, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees, and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund s investors. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. HoldCo Apollo Global Management, Inc. (f/k/a Tango Holdings, Inc.) HVF I Apollo Hybrid Value Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles HVF II Apollo Hybrid Value Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Inflows (i) At the individual strategy level, subscriptions, commitments, and other increases in available capital, such as acquisitions or leverage, net of inter-strategy transfers, and (ii) on an aggregate basis, the sum of inflows across the credit and equity investing strategies. IPO Initial Public Offering ISG Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP ISGI Refers collectively to Apollo Asset Management Europe LLP, a subsidiary of AAM AAME and Apollo Asset Management PC LLP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAME AAME PC 
 Management Fee Offset Under the terms of the limited partnership agreements for certain funds, the management fee payable by the funds may be subject to a reduction based on a certain percentage of such advisory and transaction fees, net of applicable broken deal costs. Market risk benefits Guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefits and guaranteed minimum death benefits Mergers Completion of the previously announced merger transactions pursuant to the Merger Agreement Merger Agreement The Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 8, 2021 by and among AAM, AGM, AHL, Blue Merger Sub, Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company, and Green Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Merger Date January 1, 2022 MFIC MidCap Financial Investment Corporation (f/k/a Apollo Investment Corporation or AINV MidCap Financial MidCap FinCo LLC (f/k/a MidCap FinCo Designated Activity Company) Modco Modified coinsurance NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAV Net Asset Value 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Net invested assets Represent the investments that directly back Athene's net reserve liabilities as well as surplus assets. Net invested assets include Athene s (a) total investments on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, with available-for-sale securities, trading securities and mortgage loans at cost or amortized cost, excluding derivatives, (b) cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, (c) investments in related parties, (d) accrued investment income, (e) VIE assets, liabilities and non-controlling interest adjustments, (f) net investment payables and receivables, (g) policy loans ceded (which offset the direct policy loans in total investments) and (h) an adjustment for the allowance for credit losses. Net invested assets exclude the derivative collateral offsetting the related cash positions. Athene includes the investments supporting assumed funds withheld and modco agreements and excludes the investments related to ceded reinsurance transactions in order to match the assets with the income received. Net invested assets include Athene s economic ownership of ACRA investments but do not include the investments associated with the non-controlling interests. Net investment earned rate Computed as income from Athene s net invested assets, excluding the proportionate share of the ACRA net investment income associated with the non-controlling interests, divided by the average net invested assets for the relevant period, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Net investment spread Net investment spread measures Athene s investment performance plus its strategic capital management fees less its total cost of funds, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Net IRR of accord series, ADIP funds and the European principal finance funds The annualized return of a fund after management fees, performance fees allocated to the general partner and certain other expenses, calculated on investors that pay such fees. The terminal value is the net asset value as of the reporting date. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net IRR of a traditional private equity or the hybrid value funds The gross IRR applicable to a fund, including returns for related parties which may not pay fees or performance fees, net of management fees, certain expenses (including interest incurred or earned by the fund itself) and realized performance fees all offset to the extent of interest income, and measures returns at the fund level on amounts that, if distributed, would be paid to investors of the fund. The timing of cash flows applicable to investments, management fees and certain expenses, may be adjusted for the usage of a fund s subscription facility. To the extent that a fund exceeds all requirements detailed within the applicable fund agreement, the estimated unrealized value is adjusted such that a percentage of up to 20.0 of the unrealized gain is allocated to the general partner of such fund, thereby reducing the balance attributable to fund investors. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net IRR of infrastructure funds The cumulative cash flows in a fund (and not any one investor in the fund), on the basis of the actual timing of cash inflows received from and outflows paid to investors of the fund (assuming the ending net asset value as of the reporting date or other date specified is paid to investors), excluding certain non-fee and non-performance fee bearing parties, and the return is annualized and compounded after management fees, performance fees, and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns to investors of the fund as a whole. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net reserve liabilities Represent Athene's policyholder liability obligations net of reinsurance and used to analyze the costs of its liabilities. Net reserve liabilities include Athene s (a) interest sensitive contract liabilities, (b) future policy benefits, (c) net market risk benefits, (d) long-term repurchase obligations, (e) dividends payable to policyholders and (f) other policy claims and benefits, offset by reinsurance recoverable, excluding policy loans ceded. Net reserve liabilities include Athene s economic ownership of ACRA reserve liabilities but do not include the reserve liabilities associated with the non-controlling interests. Net reserve liabilities are net of the ceded liabilities to third-party reinsurers as the costs of the liabilities are passed to such reinsurers and, therefore, Athene has no net economic exposure to such liabilities, assuming its reinsurance counterparties perform under the agreements. Net reserve liabilities include the underlying liabilities assumed through modco reinsurance agreements in order to match the liabilities with the expenses incurred. Non-Fee-Generating AUM AUM that does not produce management fees or monitoring fees. This measure generally includes the following: (i) fair value above invested capital for those funds that earn management fees based on invested capital; (ii) net asset values related to general partner and co-investment interests; (iii) unused credit facilities; (iv) available commitments on those funds that generate management fees on invested capital; (v) structured portfolio company investments that do not generate monitoring fees; and (vi) the difference between gross asset and net asset value for those funds that earn management fees based on net asset value. NYC UBT New York City Unincorporated Business Tax 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Origination 
 Represents (i) capital that has been invested in new equity, debt or debt-like investments by Apollo's equity and credit strategies (whether purchased by funds and accounts managed by Apollo, or syndicated to third parties) where Apollo or one of Apollo's origination platforms has sourced, negotiated, or significantly affected the commercial terms of the investment; (ii) new capital pools formed by debt issuances, including CLOs; and (iii) net purchases of certain assets by the funds and accounts we manage that we consider to be private, illiquid, and hard to access assets and which the funds and accounts otherwise may not be able to meaningfully access. Origination generally excludes any issuance of debt or debt-like investments by the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. Other operating expenses within the Principal Investing segment Expenses incurred in the normal course of business and includes allocations of non-compensation expenses related to managing the business. Other operating expenses within the Retirement Services segment Expenses incurred in the normal course of business inclusive of compensation and non-compensation expenses, excluding the proportionate share of the ACRA operating expenses associated with the non-controlling interests. Payout annuities Annuities with a current cash payment component, which consist primarily of single premium immediate annuities, supplemental contracts and structured settlements. PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated Investments Performance allocations, Performance fees, Performance revenues, Incentive fees and Incentive income The interests granted to Apollo by a fund managed by Apollo that entitle Apollo to receive allocations, distributions or fees which are based on the performance of such fund or its underlying investments. Performance Fee-Eligible AUM AUM that may eventually produce performance fees. All funds for which we are entitled to receive a performance fee allocation or incentive fee are included in Performance Fee-Eligible AUM, which consists of the following: (i) Performance Fee-Generating AUM , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently above its hurdle rate or preferred return, and profit of such funds, partnerships and accounts is being allocated to, or earned by, the general partner in accordance with the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements; (ii) AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently below its hurdle rate or preferred return; and (iii) Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM , which refers to capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements, which capital is not currently part of the NAV or fair value of investments that may eventually produce performance fees allocable to, or earned by, the general partner. Perpetual capital Assets under management of certain vehicles with an indefinite duration, which assets may only be withdrawn under certain conditions or subject to certain limitations, including satisfying required hold periods or percentage limits on the amounts that may be redeemed over a particular period. The investment management, advisory or other service agreements with our perpetual capital vehicles may be terminated under certain circumstances. 
 Principal Investing Income, or PII Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Principal Investing segment. For the Principal Investing segment, PII is the sum of (i) realized performance fees, including certain realizations received in the form of equity, (ii) realized investment income, less (x) realized principal investing compensation expense, excluding expense related to equity-based compensation, and (y) certain corporate compensation and non-compensation expenses. Principal investing compensation Realized performance compensation, distributions related to investment income and dividends, and includes allocations of certain compensation expenses related to managing the business. Policy loan A loan to a policyholder under the terms of, and which is secured by, a policyholder s policy. Realized Value All cash investment proceeds received by the relevant Apollo fund, including interest and dividends, but does not give effect to management fees, expenses, incentive compensation or performance fees to be paid by such Apollo fund. Redding Ridge Redding Ridge Asset Management, LLC and its subsidiaries, which is a standalone, self-managed asset management business established in connection with risk retention rules that manages CLOs and retains the required risk retention interests. Redding Ridge Holdings Redding Ridge Holdings LP Remaining Cost The initial investment of a fund in a portfolio investment, reduced for any return of capital distributed to date on such portfolio investment RMBS Residential mortgage-backed securities RML Residential mortgage loan RSUs Restricted share units SIA Strategic investment account SPACs Special purpose acquisition companies 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Spread Related Earnings, or SRE Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Retirement Services segment, excluding certain market volatility, which consists of investment gains (losses), net of offsets and non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives, and certain expenses related to integration, restructuring, equity-based compensation, and other expenses. For the Retirement Services segment, SRE equals the sum of (i) the net investment earnings on Athene s net invested assets and (ii) management fees received on business managed for others, less (x) cost of funds, (y) operating expenses excluding equity-based compensation and (z) financing costs, including interest expense and preferred dividends, if any, paid to Athene preferred stockholders. 
 Surplus assets Assets in excess of Athene s policyholder obligations, determined in accordance with the applicable domiciliary jurisdiction s statutory accounting principles. Tax receivable agreement The tax receivable agreement entered into by and among APO Corp., the Former Managing Partners, the Contributing Partners, and other parties thereto Total Invested Capital The aggregate cash invested by the relevant Apollo fund and includes capitalized costs relating to investment activities, if any, but does not give effect to cash pending investment or available for reserves and excludes amounts, if any, invested on a financed basis with leverage facilities Total Value The sum of the total Realized Value and Unrealized Value of investments Traditional private equity funds Apollo Investment Fund I, L.P. Fund I ), AIF II, L.P. Fund II ), a mirrored investment account established to mirror Fund I and Fund II for investments in debt securities MIA ), Apollo Investment Fund III, L.P. (together with its parallel funds, Fund III ), Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P. (together with its parallel fund, Fund IV ), Apollo Investment Fund V, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund V ), Apollo Investment Fund VI, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VI ), Apollo Investment Fund VII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VII ), Apollo Investment Fund VIII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VIII ), Apollo Investment Fund IX, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund IX and Apollo Investment Fund X, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund X ). 
 U.S. GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. RBC The CAL RBC ratio for AADE, Athene s parent U.S. insurance company prior to its merger with and into AAIA on October 11, 2024 U.S. Treasury United States Department of the Treasury Unrealized Value The fair value consistent with valuations determined in accordance with GAAP, for investments not yet realized and may include payments in kind, accrued interest and dividends receivable, if any, and before the effect of certain taxes. In addition, amounts include committed and funded amounts for certain investments. Venerable Venerable Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries VIAC Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company VIE Variable interest entity Vintage Year The year in which a fund s final capital raise occurred, or, for certain funds, the year of a fund s effective date or the year in which a fund s investment period commences pursuant to its governing agreements. VOBA Value of business acquired WACC Weighted average cost of capital 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition (unaudited) 
 12 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 14 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 15 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) 
 16 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 18 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 21 
 Note 1. Organization 
 21 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 21 
 Note 3. Investments 
 23 
 Note 4. Derivatives 
 33 
 Note 5. Variable Interest Entities 
 37 
 Note 6. Fair Value 
 40 
 Note 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs, Deferred Sales Inducements and Value of Business Acquired 
 64 
 Note 8. Long-duration Contracts 
 65 
 Note 9. Profit Sharing Payable 
 72 
 Note 10. Income Taxes 
 72 
 Note 11. Debt 
 74 
 Note 12. Equity-Based Compensation 
 77 
 Note 13. Equity 
 78 
 Note 14. Earnings per Share 
 84 
 Note 15. Related Parties 
 85 
 Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 89 
 Note 17. Segments 
 94 
 Note 18. Subsequent Events 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (UNAUDITED) 

(In millions, except share data) As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Assets Asset Management Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Investments Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents Investments Other assets Due from related parties Goodwill Other assets Retirement Services Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Investments Investments in related parties Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents Investments Other assets Reinsurance recoverable Deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired Goodwill Other assets Total Assets (Continued) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (UNAUDITED) 

(In millions, except share data) As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity Liabilities Asset Management Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities Due to related parties Debt Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Other liabilities Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities Future policy benefits Market risk benefits Debt Payables for collateral on derivatives and securities to repurchase Other liabilities Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (note 16) 
 Equity Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Apollo Global Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non-controlling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity (Concluded) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Asset Management Management fees Advisory and transaction fees, net Investment income (loss) Incentive fees Retirement Services Premiums Product charges Net investment income Investment related gains (losses) ) ) Revenues of consolidated variable interest entities Other revenues Total Revenues Expenses Asset Management Compensation and benefits Interest expense General, administrative and other Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract benefits Future policy and other policy benefits Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses ) ) Amortization of deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired Policy and other operating expenses Total Expenses Other income (loss) Asset Management 
 Net gains (losses) from investment activities ) ) Net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities Other income (loss), net Total Other income (loss) Income (loss) before income tax (provision) benefit Income tax (provision) benefit ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. common stockholders Earnings (loss) per share Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - Basic Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 

 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax Unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on hedging instruments ) ) Remeasurement gains (losses) on future policy benefits related to discount rate ) ) Remeasurement gains (losses) on market risk benefits related to credit risk ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) related to other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. ) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

15 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. Stockholders (In millions) Common Stock Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Apollo Global Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) Other changes in equity of non-controlling interests ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Equity issued in connection with Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock offering Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/distributions ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of common stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Stock option exercises Redemption of subsidiary equity interests ) ) ) ) Subsidiary issuance of equity interests Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) Other changes in equity of non-controlling interests ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Equity issued in connection with Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock offering Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of common stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock option exercises Redemption of subsidiary equity interests ) ) ) ) Subsidiary issuance of equity interests Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) (Continued) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. Stockholders (In millions) Common Stock Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Apollo Global Management, Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling 
 Interests 
 Total Equity Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Consolidation/deconsolidation of VIEs Other changes in equity of non-controlling interests Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/distributions ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of common stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock option exercises Subsidiary issuance of equity interests Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) Consolidation/deconsolidation of VIEs ) ) Other changes in equity of non-controlling interests Issuance of common stock related to equity transactions Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Capital increase related to equity-based compensation Capital contributions Dividends/distributions ) ) ) ) ) Payments related to issuances of common stock for equity-based awards ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock option exercises Subsidiary issuance of equity interests Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) (Concluded) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income (Loss) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Equity-based compensation Net investment income ) ) Net recognized (gains) losses on investments and derivatives ) Depreciation and amortization Net amortization (accretion) of net investment premiums, discount and other ) Policy acquisition costs deferred ) ) Other non-cash amounts included in net income (loss), net ) Changes in consolidation ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Purchases of investments by Funds and VIEs ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments by Funds and VIEs Interest sensitive contract liabilities Future policy benefits, market risk benefits and reinsurance recoverable ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of investments and contributions to equity method investments ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Purchases of mortgage loans ) ) Purchases of investment funds ) ) Purchases of U.S. Treasury securities ) Purchases of derivatives instruments and other investments ) ) Sales, maturities and repayments of investments and distributions from equity method investments Other investing activities, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) ) Redemption of subsidiary equity interests ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) Distributions paid to non-controlling interests ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Issuance of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs Deposits on investment-type policies and contracts Withdrawals on investment-type policies and contracts ) ) Subsidiary issuance of equity interests to non-controlling interests Net change in cash collateral posted for derivative transactions and securities to repurchase Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (Continued) 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities, End of Period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid for taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash transactions Non-Cash Investing Activities Asset Management and Other Distributions from principal investments Purchases of other investments, at fair value Retirement Services Investments received from settlements on reinsurance agreements Investments received from pension group annuity premiums Reduction in investments relating to recapture of reinsurance agreement Non-Cash Financing Activities Asset Management and Other Capital increases related to equity-based compensation Issuance of restricted shares Subsidiary issuance of equity interest Issuance of common stock related to equity transactions Retirement Services Deposits on investment-type policies and contracts through reinsurance agreements, net assumed (ceded) ) Withdrawals on investment-type policies and contracts through reinsurance agreements, net assumed (ceded) Distribution of investments to non-controlling interests of consolidated variable interest entities Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information of Consolidated VIEs Cash Flows from Operating Activities Purchases of investments - Asset Management 
 ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments - Asset Management 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of investments - Retirement Services 
 ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments - Retirement Services 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities Issuance of debt Principal repayment of debt ) ) Distributions paid to non-controlling interests ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) (Continued) 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Changes in Consolidation Investments, at fair value ) Other assets ) Debt, at fair value ) Notes payable Other liabilities ) Non-controlling interest Equity ) Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents held at consolidated variable interest entities Total Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Cash and Cash Equivalents Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities (Concluded) See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

investing strategies: credit and equity. Through its asset management business, Apollo raises, invests and manages funds, accounts and other vehicles, on behalf of some of the world s most prominent pension, endowment and sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies, as well as other institutional and individual investors. Apollo s retirement services business is conducted by Athene, a leading financial services company that specializes in issuing, reinsuring and acquiring retirement savings products for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. 

tiers: asset management and retirement services. The Company believes that separate presentation provides a more informative view of the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations than an aggregated presentation. 

There was million of revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that was previously deferred as of January 1, 2024. 

21 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Equity method investments Performance allocations Other investments Total Investments Asset Management 
 Retirement Services 
 AFS securities, at fair value Trading securities, at fair value Equity securities Mortgage loans, at fair value Investment funds Policy loans Funds withheld at interest Derivative assets Short-term investments Other investments Total Investments, including related parties Retirement Services 
 Total Investments 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 
 
 ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in fair value ) ) Net gains (losses) from investment activities ) ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Change in fair value of funds Fund distributions to the Company ) Performance allocations, September 30, 2024 

The change in fair value of funds excludes the general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance allocations, which is recorded in due to related parties in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 The timing of the payment of performance allocations due to the general partner or investment manager varies depending on the terms of the applicable fund agreements. Generally, performance allocations with respect to the private equity funds and certain credit and real assets funds are payable and are distributed to the fund s general partner upon realization of an investment if the fund s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return. 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 AFS Securities 
 
 ) U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Corporate ) ) CLO ) ) ABS ) ) CMBS ) ) RMBS ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) AFS securities related parties Corporate ) CLO ) ABS ) ) Total AFS securities related parties ) ) Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Corporate ) ) CLO ) ) ABS ) ) CMBS ) ) RMBS ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) AFS securities related parties Corporate ) CLO ) ABS ) ) Total AFS securities related parties ) ) Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years CLO, ABS, CMBS and RMBS Total AFS securities AFS securities related parties Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years CLO and ABS Total AFS securities related parties Total AFS securities, including related parties 
 
 Actual maturities can differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) ) U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) CLO ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) AFS securities related parties Corporate ) ) CLO ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) Total AFS securities related parties ) ) ) Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (In millions) Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses AFS securities U.S. government and agencies ) ) ) U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) CLO ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) AFS securities related parties Corporate ) ) ) CLO ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) Total AFS securities related parties ) ) ) Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) ) 

26 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 AFS securities related parties 
 
 The unrealized losses on AFS securities can primarily be attributed to changes in market interest rates since acquisition. Athene did not recognize the unrealized losses in income, unless as required for hedge accounting, as it intends to hold these securities and it is not more likely than not it will be required to sell a security before the recovery of its amortized cost. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 CLO ABS ) CMBS ) RMBS ) ) Total AFS securities ) AFS securities related parties, ABS Total AFS securities, including related parties ) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Additions Reductions (In millions) Beginning balance Initial credit losses Initial credit losses on PCD securities Securities sold during the period Additions (reductions) to previously impaired securities Ending balance AFS securities Foreign governments Corporate ) CLO ABS ) ) CMBS RMBS ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) AFS securities related parties, ABS Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) CLO ) ABS ) CMBS RMBS ) Total AFS securities ) AFS securities related parties, ABS Total AFS securities, including related parties ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Additions Reductions (In millions) Beginning balance Initial credit losses Initial credit losses on PCD securities Securities sold during the period Additions (reductions) to previously impaired securities Ending balance AFS securities Foreign governments Corporate ) ) CLO ) ABS ) CMBS ) RMBS ) Total AFS securities ) ) AFS securities related parties CLO ) ABS Total AFS securities related parties ) Total AFS securities, including related parties ) ) 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Investment funds ) Funds withheld at interest Other Investment revenue Investment expenses ) ) ) ) Net investment income 
 
 Investment Related Gains (Losses) 
 
 Gross realized losses on investment activity ) ) ) ) Net realized investment gains (losses) on AFS securities ) ) Net recognized investment gains (losses) on trading securities ) ) Net recognized investment gains (losses) on equity securities ) ) Net recognized investment gains (losses) on mortgage loans ) ) Derivative gains (losses) ) ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Other gains (losses) ) ) Investment related gains (losses) ) ) 1 Includes the effects of recognized gains or losses on AFS securities associated with designated hedges. 

Proceeds from sales of AFS securities were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Trading securities related parties ) ) Equity securities Equity securities related parties ) ) 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 91 days to 1 year Greater than 1 year Payables for repurchase agreements 

Corporate CLO ABS Total securities pledged under repurchase agreements 
 
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounts loaned under reverse repurchase agreements were million and million, respectively, and the fair value of the collateral, comprised primarily of asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage loans, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Mortgage Loans, including related parties and consolidated VIEs 
 
 Mortgage loans include both commercial and residential loans. Athene has elected the fair value option on its mortgage loan portfolio. See note 6 for further fair value option information. 
 
 Commercial mortgage loans under development Total commercial mortgage loans Mark to fair value ) ) Commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Mark to fair value ) ) Residential mortgage loans Mortgage loans 
 
 Athene primarily invests in commercial mortgage loans on income producing properties, including office and retail buildings, apartments, hotels, and industrial properties. Athene diversifies the commercial mortgage loan portfolio by geographic region and property type to reduce concentration risk. Athene evaluates mortgage loans based on relevant current information to confirm if properties are performing at a consistent and acceptable level to secure the related debt. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Office building Industrial Hotels Retail Other commercial Total commercial mortgage loans U.S. region East North Central East South Central Middle Atlantic Mountain New England Pacific South Atlantic West North Central West South Central Total U.S. region International region United Kingdom Other international 1 
 Total international region Total commercial mortgage loans 1 Represents all other countries, with each individual country comprising less than 5 of the portfolio. 

Athene s residential mortgage loan portfolio primarily consists of first lien residential mortgage loans collateralized by properties in various geographic locations and is summarized by proportion of the portfolio in the following table: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 U.S. States California Florida Texas New York Other 1 
 Total U.S. residential mortgage loan percentage International United Kingdom Other 1 
 Total international residential mortgage loan percentage Total residential mortgage loan percentage 1 Represents all other states or countries, with each individual state or country comprising less than 5 of the portfolio. 

31 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Investment funds related parties Strategic origination platforms Retirement services platforms Equity Credit Other Total investment funds related parties Investment funds consolidated VIEs Strategic origination platforms Retirement services platforms Equity Credit Other Total investment funds consolidated VIEs Total investment funds, including related parties and consolidated VIEs 1 Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation as a result of aligning the investment fund categories to reflect the Company s updated investment strategies. 

Concentrations 
 
 Atlas 1 
 Fox Hedge L.P. 
 December 31, 2023 Wheels 1 
 AT T Inc. 1 Related party amounts are representative of single issuer risk and may only include a portion of the total investments associated with a related party. See further discussion of these related parties in note 15. 

32 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Forwards Interest rate swaps Forwards on net investments Interest rate swaps Total derivatives designated as hedges Derivatives not designated as hedges Equity options Futures Foreign currency swaps Interest rate swaps Other swaps Foreign currency forwards Embedded derivatives Funds withheld, including related parties ) ) ) Interest sensitive contract liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedges Total derivatives 
 
 Derivatives Designated as Hedges 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 Athene uses interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate interest payments to fixed-rate interest payments to reduce exposure to interest rate changes. The interest rate swaps will expire by July 2031. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Athene recognized gains of million and million, respectively, in other comprehensive income OCI associated with these hedges. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Athene recognized gains of million and losses of million, respectively, in OCI associated with these hedges. There were no amounts deemed ineffective during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, amounts were expected to be reclassified to income within the next 12 months. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 Athene uses foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency swaps, foreign currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps that are designated and accounted for as fair value hedges to hedge certain exposures to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. The foreign currency forward price is agreed upon at the time of the contract and payment is made at a specified future date. 

33 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) Foreign currency swaps ) Interest sensitive contract liabilities Foreign currency swaps ) Foreign currency interest rate swaps Interest rate swaps ) 1 The carrying amount disclosed for AFS securities is amortized cost. 
 Foreign currency swaps ) ) Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest sensitive contract benefits Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Investment related gains (losses) Foreign currency forwards ) ) Foreign currency swaps ) ) Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest sensitive contract benefits Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) Foreign currency swaps ) ) Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest sensitive contract benefits Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Investment related gains (losses) Foreign currency forwards ) ) Foreign currency swaps ) Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest sensitive contract benefits Foreign currency interest rate swaps ) 
 
 The following is a summary of the gains (losses) excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness that were recognized in OCI : 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Foreign currency forwards ) ) ) Foreign currency swaps ) ) 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 Athene uses foreign currency forwards to hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk of its investments in subsidiaries that have a reporting currency other than the U.S. dollar. Hedge effectiveness is assessed based on the changes in forward rates. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these derivatives had losses of million and gains of million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these derivatives had losses of million and gains of million, respectively. These derivatives are included in foreign currency translation and other adjustments on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cumulative foreign currency translations recorded in AOCI related to these net investment hedges were gains of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no amounts deemed ineffective. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges 
 
 Equity options 
 
 Athene uses equity indexed options to economically hedge fixed indexed annuity products that guarantee the return of principal to the policyholder and credit interest based on a percentage of the gain in a specified market index, primarily the S P 500. To hedge against adverse changes in equity indices, Athene enters into contracts to buy equity indexed options. The contracts are net settled in cash based on differentials in the indices at the time of exercise and the strike price. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) Futures ) Swaps ) ) ) Foreign currency forwards ) ) Embedded derivatives on funds withheld ) ) Amounts recognized in investment related gains (losses) ) ) Embedded derivatives in indexed annuity products 1 
 ) ) ) Total gains (losses) on derivatives not designated as hedges ) ) 1 Included in interest sensitive contract benefits on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Credit Risk 
 
 The Company may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of counterparty nonperformance on derivative financial instruments. Generally, the current credit exposure of Athene s derivative contracts is the fair value at the reporting date less any collateral received from the counterparty. 
 
 Athene manages credit risk related to over-the-counter derivatives by entering into transactions with creditworthy counterparties. Where possible, Athene maintains collateral arrangements and uses master netting agreements that provide for a single net payment from one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. Athene has also established counterparty exposure limits, where possible, in order to evaluate if there is sufficient collateral to support the net exposure. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) Derivative liabilities ) December 31, 2023 Derivative assets ) ) Derivative liabilities ) 1 The gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and derivative liabilities are reported on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounts not subject to master netting or similar agreements were immaterial. 
 2 Represents amounts offsetting derivative assets and derivative liabilities that are subject to an enforceable master netting agreement or similar agreement that are not netted against the gross derivative assets or gross derivative liabilities for presentation on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 3 For non-cash collateral received, the Company does not recognize the collateral on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition unless the obligor (transferor) has defaulted under the terms of the secured contract and is no longer entitled to redeem the pledged asset. Amounts do not include any excess of collateral pledged or received. 

37 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net gains (losses) from other liabilities ) ) Interest and other income Interest and other expenses ) ) ) ) Net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities 1 Amounts reflect consolidation eliminations. 

In addition, we recognize revenues and expenses of certain consolidated VIEs within management fees, investment income (loss), compensation and benefits and general, administrative and other. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of revenues and million and million, respectively, of expenses related to the activities of these VIEs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of revenues related to the activities of these VIEs. 
 
 Subscription Lines 
 
 Included within other liabilities are amounts due to third-party institutions by the consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Total Asset Management 
 1 The subscription lines of the consolidated VIEs are collateralized by assets held by each respective vehicle and assets of one vehicle may not be used to satisfy the liabilities of another vehicle. 

The consolidated VIEs debt obligations contain various customary loan covenants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was not aware of any instances of non-compliance with any of these covenants. 
 
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, fair value of collateral received under reverse repurchase agreements was million. There was no rehypothecation of the collateral received under reverse repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Mortgage loans Investment funds Other ) ) Net investment income Net recognized investment gains (losses) on trading securities 
 ) ) Net recognized investment gains (losses) on mortgage loans 
 ) ) ) Net recognized investment gains on investment funds 
 Other gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Investment related gains (losses) Revenues of consolidated variable interest entities 
 
 Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities Asset Management 
 
 1 Represents Apollo s direct investment in those entities in which it holds a significant variable interest and certain other investments. Additionally, cumulative performance allocations are subject to reversal in the event of future losses. 
 2 Some amounts included are a quarter in arrears. 

Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities Retirement Services 
 
 The Company has variable interests in certain unconsolidated VIEs in the form of securities and ownership stakes in investment funds. 
 
 Fixed maturity securities 
 
 Athene invests in securitization entities as a debt holder or an investor in the residual interest of the securitization vehicle. These entities are deemed VIEs due to insufficient equity within the structure and lack of control by the equity investors over the activities that significantly impact the economics of the entity. In general, Athene is a debt investor within these entities and, as such, holds a variable interest; however, due to the debt holders lack of ability to control the decisions within the trust that significantly impact the entity, and the fact the debt holders are protected from losses due to the subordination of the equity tranche, the debt holders are not deemed the primary beneficiary. Securitization vehicles in which Athene holds the residual tranche are not consolidated because Athene does not unilaterally have substantive rights to remove the general partner, or when assessing related party interests, Athene is not under common control, as defined by U.S. GAAP, with the related parties, nor are substantially all of the activities conducted on Athene s behalf; therefore, Athene is not deemed the primary beneficiary. Debt investments and investments in the residual tranche of securitization entities are considered debt instruments, and are held at fair value and classified as AFS or trading securities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 Investment funds 
 
 Investment funds include non-fixed income, alternative investments in the form of limited partnerships or similar legal structures. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Investment in related parties investment funds Assets of consolidated VIEs investment funds Investment in fixed maturity securities Investment in related parties fixed maturity securities Investment in related parties equity securities Total non-consolidated investments 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents of VIEs Investments, at fair value 1 
 Investments of consolidated VIEs Due from related parties 2 
 Derivative assets 3 
 Total Assets Asset Management 
 Retirement Services 
 AFS Securities U.S. government and agencies U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions Foreign governments Corporate CLO ABS CMBS RMBS Total AFS securities Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans (Continued) 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) Derivative assets Short-term investments Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate CLO ABS Total AFS securities related parties Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Investment funds Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Other investments Reinsurance recoverable Other assets 5 
 Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities Mortgage loans Investment funds Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Total Assets Retirement Services 
 Total Assets Liabilities Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations 4 
 Derivative liabilities 3 
 Total Liabilities Asset Management 
 Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative Universal life benefits Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ILICO Closed Block and life benefits Market risk benefits 5 
 Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Total Liabilities (Concluded) 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents of VIEs Investments, at fair value 1 
 Investments of consolidated VIEs Due from related parties 2 
 Derivative assets 3 
 Total Assets Asset Management 
 Retirement Services 
 AFS Securities U.S. government and agencies U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions Foreign governments Corporate CLO ABS CMBS RMBS Total AFS securities Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Derivative assets Short-term investments Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate CLO ABS Total AFS securities related parties Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Investment funds Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Other investments Reinsurance recoverable Other assets 5 
 Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities Mortgage loans Investment funds (Continued) 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Cash and cash equivalents Total Assets Retirement Services 
 Total Assets Liabilities Asset Management 
 Other liabilities of consolidated VIEs, at fair value Contingent consideration obligations 4 
 Derivative liabilities 3 
 Total Liabilities Asset Management 
 Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative Universal life benefits Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ILICO Closed Block and life benefits Market risk benefits 5 
 Derivative liabilities Other liabilities ) Total Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Total Liabilities (Concluded) 1 Investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 excludes million and million, respectively, of performance allocations classified as Level 3 related to certain investments for which the Company elected the fair value option. The Company s policy is to account for performance allocations as investments. 
 2 Due from related parties represents a receivable from a fund. 
 3 Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are presented as a component of Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively, in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 4 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Other liabilities includes million and million, respectively, of contingent obligations related to the Griffin Capital acquisition, classified as Level 3 and also includes profit sharing payable of million and million, respectively, related to other contingent obligations classified as Level 3. 
 5 Other assets consist of market risk benefits assets. See note 8 for additional information on market risk benefits assets and liabilities valuation methodology and additional fair value disclosures. 

Changes in fair value of contingent consideration obligations in connection with the acquisitions of Stone Tower and Griffin Capital are recorded in compensation and benefits expense and other income (loss), net, respectively, in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Refer to note 16 for further details. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Direct capitalization Capitalization rate Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Due from related parties Discounted cash flow Discount rate Derivative assets Option model Volatility rate Investments of consolidated VIEs Bank loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Equity securities Dividend discount model Discount rate Discounted cash flow Discount rate Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Option Model Volatility rate 
 1 
 Bonds Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Retirement Services AFS, trading and equity securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Mortgage loans 2 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Investment funds 2 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Financial Liabilities Asset Management Contingent consideration obligations Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities fixed indexed annuities embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk 
 3 
 Option budget 
 4 
 Surrender rate 
 4 
 1 Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 2 Includes those of consolidated VIEs. 
 3 The nonperformance risk weighted average is based on the projected cash flows attributable to the embedded derivative. 
 4 The option budget and surrender rate weighted averages are calculated based on projected account values. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Direct capitalization Capitalization rate 
 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Due from related parties Discounted cash flow Discount rate Derivative assets Option model Volatility rate Investments of consolidated VIEs Bank loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Equity securities Dividend discount model Discount rate Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Bonds Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Adjusted transaction value N/A N/A N/A Retirement Services AFS, trading and equity securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Mortgage loans 2 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Investment funds 2 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Net tangible asset values Implied multiple x 
 x 
 Financial Liabilities Asset Management Contingent consideration obligations Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 1 
 Option model Volatility rate 
 1 
 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities fixed indexed annuities embedded derivatives Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk 
 3 
 Option budget 
 4 
 Surrender rate 
 4 
 1 Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 2 Includes those of consolidated VIEs. 
 3 The nonperformance risk weighted average is based on the projected cash flows attributable to the embedded derivative. 
 4 The option budget and surrender rate weighted averages are calculated based on projected account values. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net purchases, issuances, sales and settlements Net transfers in (out) Ending balance 
 Total gains (losses) included in OCI 1 
 Assets Asset Management 
 Investments and derivative assets ) ) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments Corporate ) ABS CMBS ) ) RMBS Trading securities ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Derivative assets Short-term investments ) Other investments ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) ) CLO ABS ) Trading securities ) ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) ) Investment funds Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Other investments Reinsurance recoverable Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) Mortgage loans Investment funds ) ) ) Other investments Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) (Continued) 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) ) ) Universal life benefits ) ) ) Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ) ) ) ILICO Closed Block and life benefits ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) (Concluded) 1 Related to instruments held at end of period. 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) (In millions) Beginning balance Net purchases, issuances, sales and settlements Net transfers in (out) Ending balance 
 Total gains (losses) included in OCI 1 
 Assets Asset Management 
 Investments and derivative assets ) ) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) ) ABS ) ) CMBS RMBS ) Trading securities ) ) ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) ) Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) Other investments ) ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) CLO ABS ) ) ) ) Trading securities Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Investment funds ) ) (Continued) 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) ) Other investments ) ) Reinsurance recoverable ) Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Investment funds ) ) Other investments ) Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) Liabilities Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) ) Universal life benefits ) ) Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ) ) ILICO Closed Block and life benefits ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) (Concluded) 1 Related to instruments held at end of period. 

48 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net Purchases, Issuances, Sales and Settlements Net Transfers In (Out) Ending Balance 
 Total Gains (Losses) Included in OCI 1 
 Assets Asset Management 
 Investments and derivative assets ) ) Investments of consolidated VIEs Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments ) Corporate ) ABS ) CMBS ) ) RMBS ) Trading securities ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Derivative assets Short-term investments ) Other investments ) ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) CLO ABS Trading securities ) ) ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) Investment funds Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Other investments Reinsurance recoverable Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) Mortgage loans Investment funds ) ) ) Other investments Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) (Continued) 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net Purchases, Issuances, Sales and Settlements Net Transfers In (Out) Ending Balance 
 Total Gains (Losses) Included in OCI 1 
 Liabilities Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) ) ) Universal life benefits ) ) Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ) ) ILICO Closed Block and life benefits ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) (Concluded) 1 Related to instruments held at end of period. 

50 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net Purchases, Issuances, Sales and Settlements Net Transfers In (Out) Ending Balance 
 Total Gains (Losses) Included in OCI 1 
 Assets Asset Management 
 Investments and derivative assets Investments of consolidated VIEs ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) CMBS ) RMBS ) Trading securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) Other investments ) ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) CLO ABS ) Trading securities ) Equity securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Investment funds Funds withheld at interest embedded derivative ) ) Other investments ) ) Reinsurance recoverable ) Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Investment funds ) ) ) Other investments ) Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) ) Liabilities Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) (Continued) 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Net Purchases, Issuances, Sales and Settlements Net Transfers In (Out) Ending Balance 
 Total Gains (Losses) Included in OCI 1 
 Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) ) ) Universal life benefits ) ) Future policy benefits AmerUs Closed Block ) ) ILICO Closed Block and life benefits ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) (Concluded) 1 Related to instruments held at end of period. 

52 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) ) ) ) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) ) ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) RMBS ) Trading securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) Short-term investments ) ) ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) ) CLO ABS ) ) Trading securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Reinsurance recoverable ) Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) Investment funds ) ) Other investments Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) Liabilities - Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) Other liabilities Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) ) ) RMBS ) ) Trading securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Short-term investments Other investments Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ABS ) Trading securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) Investment funds ) Other investments ) ) Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) Liabilities - Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

) ) ) ) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) ) ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) Trading securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Derivative assets Short-term investments ) ) ) ) Other investments Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) ) ) ) ) CLO ABS ) ) Trading securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) Reinsurance recoverable ) Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) Investment funds ) ) Other investments ) Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) Liabilities - Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities embedded derivative ) ) Other liabilities Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 ) Investments of consolidated VIEs ) ) ) Total Level 3 assets Asset Management 
 ) ) ) Assets Retirement Services 
 AFS securities Foreign governments ) Corporate ) ) ) ABS ) ) ) ) CMBS RMBS ) ) ) Trading securities ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Short-term investments ) Other investments ) Investments in related parties AFS securities Corporate ) CLO ABS ) ) Trading securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Investment funds Other investments Assets of consolidated VIEs Trading securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) Investment funds ) ) ) Other investments ) ) Total Level 3 assets Retirement Services 
 ) ) ) ) Liabilities - Asset Management 
 Contingent consideration obligations ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Asset Management 
 ) ) Liabilities Retirement Services 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities Embedded derivative ) ) Total Level 3 liabilities Retirement Services 
 ) ) 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million , net of an impairment of million, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Fair Value Option Retirement Services 
 
 ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Investment funds ) Future policy benefits ) Other ) ) Total gains (losses) ) ) 
 
 Gains and losses on trading securities, mortgage loans, and other are recorded in investment related gains (losses) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Gains and losses related to investment funds are recorded in net investment income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Gains and losses related to investments of consolidated VIEs are recorded in revenues of consolidated VIEs on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The change in fair value of future policy benefits is recorded to future policy and other policy benefits on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Mark to fair value ) ) Fair value 
 
 The following represents the commercial mortgage loan portfolio 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status: 
 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Unpaid principal balance of commercial mortgage loans 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status Mark to fair value of commercial mortgage loans 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status ) ) Fair value of commercial mortgage loans 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status Fair value of commercial mortgage loans 90 days or more past due Fair value of commercial mortgage loans in non-accrual status 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Mark to fair value of residential mortgage loans 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status ) ) Fair value of residential mortgage loans 90 days or more past due and/or in non-accrual status Fair value of residential mortgage loans 90 days or more past due 1 
 Fair value of residential mortgage loans in non-accrual status 1 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes million and million, respectively, of residential mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies. 

The following is the estimated amount of gains (losses) included in earnings during the period attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk on our mortgage loan portfolio: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Mortgage loans ) ) ) ) 
 
 The portion of gains and losses attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk is estimated by identifying commercial mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios meeting credit quality criteria, and residential mortgage loans with delinquency status meeting credit quality criteria. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value Retirement Services 
 
 Policy loans Funds withheld at interest Short-term investments Other investments Investments in related parties Investment funds Funds withheld at interest Short-term investments Total financial assets not carried at fair value Financial liabilities Interest sensitive contract liabilities Debt Securities to repurchase Funds withheld liability Total financial liabilities not carried at fair value 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Policy loans Funds withheld at interest Other investments Investments in related parties Investment funds Funds withheld at interest Short-term investments Total financial assets not carried at fair value Financial liabilities Interest sensitive contract liabilities Debt Securities to repurchase Funds withheld liability Total financial liabilities not carried at fair value 
 
 The fair value for financial instruments not carried at fair value are estimated using the same methods and assumptions as those carried at fair value. The financial instruments presented above are reported at carrying value on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition; however, in the case of policy loans, funds withheld at interest and liability, short-term investments, and securities to repurchase, the carrying amount approximates fair value. 
 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities The carrying and fair value of interest sensitive contract liabilities above includes fixed indexed and traditional fixed annuities without mortality or morbidity risks, funding agreements and payout annuities without life contingencies. The embedded derivatives within fixed indexed annuities without mortality or morbidity risks are excluded, as they are carried at fair value. The valuation of these investment contracts is based on discounted cash flow methodologies using significant unobservable inputs. The estimated fair value is determined using current market risk-free interest rates, adding a spread to reflect nonperformance risk and subtracting a risk margin to reflect uncertainty inherent in the projected cash flows. 
 
 Debt The fair value of debt is obtained from commercial pricing services. See note 11 for further information on debt. 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Discounted Cash Flow and Direct Capitalization Model 
 
 When a discounted cash flow or direct capitalization model is used to determine fair value, the significant input used in the valuation model is the discount rate applied to present value the projected cash flows or the capitalization rate, respectively. Increases in the discount or capitalization rate can significantly lower the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations; conversely decreases in the discount or capitalization rate can significantly increase the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations. See note 16 for further discussion of the contingent consideration obligations. 
 
 Option Model 
 
 When an option model is used to determine fair value, the significant input used in the valuation model is the volatility rate applied to present value the projected cash flows. Increases in the volatility rate can significantly lower the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations; conversely decreases in the discount or capitalization rate can significantly increase the fair value of an investment and the contingent consideration obligations. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

60 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

61 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

62 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 DAC DSI VOBA Total DAC, DSI and VOBA (In millions) Traditional deferred annuities Indexed annuities Funding agreements Other investment-type Indexed annuities Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 

Deferred costs related to universal life-type policies and investment contracts with significant revenue streams from sources other than investment of the policyholder funds, including traditional deferred annuities and indexed annuities, are amortized on a constant-level basis for a cohort of contracts using initial premium or deposit. Significant inputs and assumptions are required for determining the expected duration of the cohort and involves using accepted actuarial methods to determine decrement rates related to policyholder behavior for lapses, withdrawals (surrenders) and mortality. The assumptions used to determine the amortization of DAC and DSI are consistent with those used to estimate the related liability balance. 
 
 Deferred costs related to investment contracts without significant revenue streams from sources other than investment of policyholder funds are amortized using the effective interest method, which primarily includes funding agreements. The 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Deposits Policy charges ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) Interest credited Foreign exchange ) ) Other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Weighted average crediting rate Net amount at risk Cash surrender value 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (In millions, except percentages) Traditional Deferred Annuities Indexed Annuities Funding Agreements Other Investment-type Total Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Deposits Policy charges ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) Interest credited Foreign exchange ) ) ) ) ) Other 1 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Weighted average crediting rate Net amount at risk Cash surrender value 1 Other includes million reduction of reserves related to the VIAC recapture agreement. See note 15 for further information. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Indexed annuities Funding agreements Other investment-type Reconciling items 1 
 Interest sensitive contract liabilities 1 Reconciling items primarily include embedded derivatives in indexed annuities, unaccreted host contract adjustments on indexed annuities, negative VOBA, sales inducement liabilities, and wholly ceded universal life insurance contracts. 

Basis Point Basis Points Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Greater than Basis Points Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Total 
 September 30, 2023 (In millions) At Guaranteed Minimum Basis Point Basis Points Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Greater than Basis Points Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Total 
 Future policy benefits Future policy benefits consist primarily of payout annuities, including single premium immediate annuities with life contingencies (which include pension group annuities with life contingencies), and whole life insurance contracts. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions ) ) Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of actual to expected experience ) ) Adjusted balance Interest accrual Net premium collected ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions Ending balance Present value of expected future policy benefits Beginning balance Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions ) ) Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) Effect of actual to expected experience ) ) ) Adjusted balance Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) Ending balance Net future policy benefits Weighted-average liability duration (in years) 
 Weighted-average interest accretion rate Weighted-average current discount rate Expected future gross premiums, undiscounted Expected future gross premiums, discounted 1 
 Expected future benefit payments, undiscounted 1 Discounted at the original discount rate. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions ) ) Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) Effect of actual to expected experience ) ) Adjusted balance Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) Foreign exchange Other 1 
 ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Effect of foreign exchange on the change in discount rate assumptions Ending balance Net future policy benefits Weighted-average liability duration (in years) 
 Weighted-average interest accretion rate Weighted-average current discount rate Expected future benefit payments, undiscounted 1 Other includes million reduction of reserves related to the VIAC recapture agreement. See note 15 for further information. 

The following is a reconciliation of future policy benefits to the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition: 
 
 September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Payout annuities with life contingencies Whole life Reconciling items 1 
 Future policy benefits 1 Reconciling items primarily include the deferred profit liability and negative VOBA associated with the liability for future policy benefits. Additionally, it includes term life reserves, fully ceded whole life reserves, and reserves for immaterial lines of business including accident and health and disability, as well as other insurance benefit reserves for no-lapse guarantees with universal life contracts, all of which are fully ceded. 

The following is a reconciliation of premiums and interest expense relating to future policy benefits to the condensed consolidated statements of operations: 
 
 Premiums Interest expense 
 Nine months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Payout annuities with life contingencies Whole life Reconciling items 1 
 Total 1 Reconciling items primarily relate to immaterial lines of business including term life, fully ceded whole life, and accident and health and disability. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million, which was driven by million of benefit payments and million of favorable unlocking of assumptions, offset by million of interest accruals, million of issuances, primarily pension group annuities, and an million change in discount rate assumptions related to a decrease in market observable rates. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the present value of expected future policy benefits increased by million, which was driven by million of issuances, primarily pension group annuities, and million of interest accrual, partially offset by million of benefit payments, a million reduction in reserve related to recapture, a million change in discount rate assumptions related to an increase in rates, and million resulting from favorable unlocking of assumptions, primarily related to higher interest rates and favorable mortality experience lowering future benefit payments. 
 
 Deferred profit liability ) ) Negative VOBA ) ) Total remeasurement gains (losses) 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Athene recorded reserve increases of million and million, respectively, on the condensed consolidated statements of operations as a result of the present value of benefits and expenses exceeding the present value of gross premiums. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Effect of changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) Balance, beginning of period, before changes in instrument-specific credit risk Issuances Interest accrual Attributed fees collected Benefit payments ) ) ) Effect of changes in interest rates ) ) ) Effect of changes in equity ) ) Effect of actual policyholder behavior compared to expected behavior Effect of changes in future expected policyholder behavior ) Effect of changes in other future expected assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period, before changes in instrument-specific credit risk Effect of changes in instrument-specific credit risk Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Less: Reinsurance recoverable ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024, net of reinsurance 
 Net amount at risk Weighted-average attained age of contract holders (in years) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (In millions, except years) Traditional Deferred Annuities Indexed Annuities Total Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Effect of changes in instrument-specific credit risk Balance, beginning of period, before changes in instrument-specific credit risk Issuances Interest accrual Attributed fees collected Benefit payments ) ) ) Effect of changes in interest rates ) ) ) Effect of changes in equity ) ) Effect of actual policyholder behavior compared to expected behavior Effect of changes in future expected policyholder behavior ) Effect of changes in other future expected assumptions Balance, end of period, before changes in instrument-specific credit risk Effect of changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 Net amount at risk Weighted-average attained age of contract holders (in years) 

70 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Indexed annuities Total 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net market risk benefit liabilities increased by million, which was primarily driven by million of issuances, million in fees collected from policyholders, and million of interest accrual. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net market risk benefit liabilities increased by million, which was primarily driven by million in fees collected from policyholders, a million change in instrument-specific credit risk related to tightening of credit spreads and million of interest accrual, partially offset by a decrease of million related to changes in the risk-free discount rate across the curve. 
 
 The determination of the fair value of market risk benefits requires the use of inputs related to fees and assessments and assumptions in determining the projected benefits in excess of the projected account balance. Judgment is required for both economic and actuarial assumptions, which can be either observable or unobservable, that impact future policyholder account growth. 
 
 Economic assumptions include interest rates and implied volatilities throughout the duration of the liability. For indexed annuities, assumptions also include projected equity returns which impact cash flows attributable to indexed strategies, implied equity volatilities, expected index credits on the next policy anniversary date and future equity option costs. Assumptions related to the level of option budgets used for determining the future equity option costs and the impact on future policyholder account value growth are considered unobservable inputs. 
 
 Policyholder behavior assumptions are unobservable inputs and are established using accepted actuarial valuation methods to estimate withdrawals (surrender rate) and income rider utilization. Assumptions are generally based on industry data and pricing assumptions which are updated for actual experience, if necessary. Actual experience may be limited for recently issued products. 
 
 All inputs are used to project excess benefits and fees over a range of risk-neutral, stochastic interest rate scenarios. For indexed annuities, stochastic equity return scenarios are also included within the range. A risk margin is incorporated within the discount rate to reflect uncertainty in the projected cash flows such as variations in policyholder behavior, as well as a credit spread to reflect nonperformance risk, which is considered an unobservable input. Athene uses its public credit rating relative to the U.S. Treasury curve as of the valuation date to reflect its nonperformance risk in the fair value estimate of market risk benefits. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk 1 
 Decrease Option budget 2 
 Decrease Surrender rate 2 
 Decrease Utilization rate 3 
 Increase September 30, 2023 (In millions, except percentages) Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Minimum Maximum Weighted Average Impact of an Increase in the Input on Fair Value Market risk benefits, net 
 Discounted cash flow Nonperformance risk 1 
 Decrease Option budget 2 
 Decrease Surrender rate 2 
 Decrease Utilization rate 3 
 Increase 1 The nonperformance risk weighted average is based on the cash flows underlying the market risk benefit reserve. 
 2 The option budget and surrender rate weighted averages are calculated based on projected account values. 
 3 The utilization of GLWB withdrawals represents the estimated percentage of policyholders that are expected to use their income rider over the duration of the contract, with the weighted average based on current account values. 

billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Profit sharing expense Payments/other ) Profit sharing payable, September 30, 2024 

Profit sharing expense includes (i) changes in amounts due to current and former employees entitled to a share of performance revenues in funds managed by Apollo and (ii) changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations recognized in connection with certain of the Company s acquisitions. Profit sharing payable excludes the potential return of profit-sharing distributions that would be due if certain funds were liquidated, which is recorded in due from related parties in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 The Company requires that a portion of certain of the performance revenues distributed to the Company s employees be used to purchase restricted shares of common stock issued under its Equity Plan. Prior to distribution of the performance revenues, the Company records the value of the equity-based awards expected to be granted in other assets and accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities. 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rate was approximately and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million of unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. Approximately all of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. The Company does not believe that it has any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that it will be required to record significant amounts of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 
 The primary jurisdictions in which the Company operates and incurs income taxes are the United States, the United Kingdom, and Bermuda (beginning January 1, 2025). There are no unremitted earnings with respect to the United Kingdom or other foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns for the years 2020 through 2022 are open under the general statute of limitations provisions and therefore subject to examination. Currently, the Internal Revenue Service is examining the tax returns of the Company and certain subsidiaries for tax years 2019 to 2021. The State and City of New York are examining certain subsidiaries tax returns for tax years 2014 to 2021. The United Kingdom tax authorities are currently examining certain subsidiaries tax returns for tax years 2015 to 2022. There are other examinations ongoing in other foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates. No provisions with respect to these examinations have been recorded, other than the unrecognized tax benefits discussed above. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 2024 Senior Notes 1,2 
 May 30, 2024 4 
 2026 Senior Notes 1,2 
 May 27, 2026 4 
 4 
 2029 Senior Notes 1,2 
 February 15, 2029 4 
 4 
 2030 Senior Notes 1,2 
 June 5, 2030 4 
 4 
 2033 Senior Notes 1,2 
 November 15, 2033 4 
 4 
 2048 Senior Notes 1,2 
 March 15, 2048 4 
 4 
 2054 Senior Notes 1,2 
 May 21, 2054 4 
 2050 Subordinated Notes 1,2 
 January 14, 2050 4 
 4 
 2053 Subordinated Notes 1,2 
 September 15, 2053 5 
 5 
 Secured Borrowing II 
 April 15, 2032 4 
 2016 AMI Term Facility I 
 January 15, 2025 3 
 2016 AMI Term Facility II 
 October 18, 2024 3 
 Retirement Services 2028 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 January 12, 2028 4 
 4 
 2030 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 April 3, 2030 4 
 4 
 2031 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 January 15, 2031 4 
 4 
 2033 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 February 1, 2033 4 
 4 
 2034 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 January 15, 2034 4 
 4 
 2051 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 May 25, 2051 4 
 4 
 2052 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 May 15, 2052 4 
 4 
 2054 AHL Senior Notes 1 
 April 1, 2054 4 
 2064 AHL Subordinated Notes 1 
 March 30, 2064 5 
 Total Debt 1 Interest rate is calculated as weighted average annualized. 
 2 Includes amortization of note discount, as applicable, totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Outstanding balance is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 3 Fair value is based on a discounted cash flow method. These notes are classified as a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 
 4 Fair value is based on broker quotes. These notes are valued using Level 2 inputs based on the number and quality of broker quotes obtained, the standard deviations of the observed broker quotes and the percentage deviation from external pricing services. 
 5 Fair value is based on quoted market prices. These notes are classified as a Level 1 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

Asset Management Notes Issued and Repayments 
 
 On May 21, 2024, AGM issued million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2054 (the 2054 Senior Notes ), at par value. The 2054 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 21 and November 21 of each year, commencing on November 21, 2024. The 2054 Senior Notes will mature on May 21, 2054. The underwriting discount and related expenses are amortized into interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations over the term of the 2054 Senior Notes. 
 
 On May 30, 2024, AMH repaid in full the principal and accrued interest of the million aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Senior Notes. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2024, AGM issued million aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-Rate Resettable Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 (the 2054 Subordinated Notes ), at par value. Subject to the Company s right to defer the payment of interest for up to , interest on the 2054 Subordinated Notes is payable on a semi-annual basis in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2025. The 2054 Subordinated Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum until December 15, 2034 (the First Reset Date ). On and after the First Reset Date, on the five-year 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 . The 2054 Subordinated Notes will mature on December 15, 2054. The underwriting discount and related expenses will be amortized into interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations over the term of the 2054 Subordinated Notes, commencing in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 The indentures governing the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2033 Senior Notes, the 2048 Senior Notes, the 2054 Senior Notes, the 2050 Subordinated Notes, the 2053 Subordinated Notes and the 2054 Subordinated Notes restrict the ability of AGM, AMH and the guarantors of the notes to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their respective subsidiaries, or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The indentures also provide for customary events of default. 
 
 Retirement Services Notes Issued 
 
 AHL Senior Notes Athene s senior unsecured notes are callable by AHL at any time. If called prior to three months before the scheduled maturity date, the price is equal to the greater of (1) of the principal and any accrued and unpaid interest and (2) an amount equal to the sum of the present values of remaining scheduled payments, discounted from the scheduled payment date to the redemption date at the treasury rate plus a spread (as defined in the applicable prospectus supplement) and any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, Athene issued billion of Senior Notes due April 1, 2054 (the 2054 AHL Senior Notes ). Athene will pay interest on the 2054 AHL Senior Notes semi-annually, commencing on October 1, 2024. 
 
 AHL Subordinated Notes During the first quarter of 2024, Athene issued million of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 30, 2064 (the 2064 AHL Subordinated Notes ). Athene will pay interest at an annual fixed rate of on the 2064 AHL Subordinated Notes quarterly, commencing on June 30, 2024 until March 30, 2029. On March 30, 2029, and every fifth annual anniversary thereafter, the interest rate will reset to the Five-Year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined in the applicable prospectus supplement) plus . Athene may defer interest payments for up to five consecutive years. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2024, Athene issued million of Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due October 15, 2054 (the 2054 AHL Subordinated Notes ). Athene will pay interest semi-annually at an annual fixed rate of on the 2054 AHL Subordinated Notes, commencing on April 15, 2025 until October 15, 2034. On October 15, 2034, and every fifth annual anniversary thereafter, the interest rate will reset to the Five-Year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined in the applicable prospectus supplement) plus . Athene may defer interest payments for up to five consecutive years. 
 
 Credit and Liquidity Facilities 
 
 billion undrawn AMH credit facility as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 Retirement Services - 
 AHL credit facility 
 N/A June 30, 2028 Citibank The borrowing capacity under the AHL credit facility is billion, subject to being increased up to billion in total. 
 Retirement Services - 
 AHL liquidity facility 
 N/A June 27, 2025 Wells Fargo Bank The borrowing capacity under the AHL liquidity facility is billion, subject to being increased up to billion in total. 

Asset Management Credit Facility 
 
 On October 12, 2022, AMH, as borrower, entered into a billion revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which matures on October 12, 2027 AMH credit facility ). Borrowings under the AMH credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, permitted acquisitions. As of September 30, 2024, AMH, the borrower under the facility, could incur incremental facilities in an aggregate amount not to 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million plus additional amounts so long as AMH was in compliance with a net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were amounts outstanding under the AMH credit facility and the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the facility. 
 
 Retirement Services Credit and Liquidity Facilities 
 
 AHL Credit Facility On June 30, 2023, AHL, ALRe, AUSA and AARe entered into a revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent AHL credit facility ). The AHL credit facility is unsecured and has a commitment termination date of June 30, 2028, subject to up to extensions, in accordance with the terms of the AHL credit facility. In connection with the AHL credit facility, AHL and AUSA guaranteed all of the obligations of AHL, ALRe, AARe and AUSA under the AHL credit facility and the related loan documents, and ALRe and AARe guaranteed certain of the obligations of AHL, ALRe, AARe and AUSA under the AHL credit facility and the related loan documents. The borrowing capacity under the AHL credit facility is billion, subject to being increased up to billion in total on the terms described in the AHL credit facility. 
 
 The AHL credit facility contains various standard covenants with which Athene must comply, including the following: 
 
 1. Consolidated debt-to-capitalization ratio not to exceed ; 
 2. Minimum consolidated net worth of no less than billion; and 
 3. Restrictions on Athene s ability to incur liens, with certain exceptions. 
 
 Interest accrues on outstanding borrowings at either the adjusted term secured overnight financing rate plus a margin or the base rate plus a margin, with the applicable margin varying based on AHL s debt rating. Rates and terms are as defined in the AHL credit facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were amounts outstanding under the AHL credit facility and Athene was in compliance with all financial covenants under the facility. 
 
 AHL Liquidity Facility On June 28, 2024, AHL and ALRe entered into a new revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, AHL liquidity facility ), which replaced Athene s previous revolving credit agreement dated as of June 30, 2023. The previous credit agreement, and the commitments under it, expired on June 28, 2024. The AHL liquidity facility is unsecured and has a commitment termination date of June 27, 2025, subject to any extensions of additional -day periods with consent of extending lenders and/or term-out of outstanding loans (by which, at Athene s election, the outstanding loans may be converted to term loans which shall have a maturity of up to one year after the original maturity date), in each case in accordance with the terms of the AHL liquidity facility. In connection with the AHL liquidity facility, ALRe guaranteed all of the obligations of AHL under the AHL liquidity facility and the related loan documents. The AHL liquidity facility will be used for liquidity and working capital needs to meet short-term cash flow and investment timing differences. The borrowing capacity under the AHL liquidity facility is billion, subject to being increased up to billion in total on the terms described in the AHL liquidity facility. The AHL liquidity facility contains various standard covenants with which Athene must comply, including the following: 
 
 1. ALRe minimum consolidated net worth of no less than billion; and 
 2. Restrictions on Athene s ability to incur liens, with certain exceptions. 
 
 Interest accrues on outstanding borrowings at the adjusted term secured overnight financing rate plus a margin or the base rate plus a margin, with applicable margin varying based on ALRe s financial strength rating. Rates and terms are as defined in the AHL liquidity facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were amounts outstanding under the current or previous AHL liquidity facilities and Athene was in compliance with all financial covenants under the facilities. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Retirement Services 1 
 Total Interest Expense Note: Debt issuance costs incurred are amortized into interest expense over the term of the debt arrangement, as applicable. 
 1 Interest expense for Retirement Services is included in policy and other operating expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

from the date of grant. Certain service-based awards are tied to profit sharing arrangements in which a portion of the performance fees distributed to the general partner are required to be used by employees to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered in the form of RSUs, which are granted under the Company s Equity Plan. Performance-based awards vest subject to continued employment and the Company s achievement of specified performance goals. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, equity-based compensation expense for performance grants are typically recognized on an accelerated recognition method over the requisite service period to the extent the performance revenue metrics are met or deemed probable. Equity-based awards that do not require future service i.e. , vested awards) are expensed immediately. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSU awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Service-Based Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company awarded million and million of service-based RSUs, respectively, with a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on service-based RSUs of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on service-based RSUs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company awarded million and million of performance-based RSUs, respectively, with a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively, which primarily vest subject to continued employment and the Company s receipt of performance revenues, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on performance-based awards of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense on performance-based awards of million and million, respectively. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

million RSUs which vest on a cliff basis subject to continued employment over , with million of those RSUs also subject to the Company s achievement of certain fee related earnings and spread related earnings per share metrics. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense for service-based awards related to these one-time grants of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense for service-based awards related to these one-time grants of million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense for performance-based awards related to these one-time grants of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense for performance-based awards related to these one-time grants of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Vested ) Issued ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company awarded million and million restricted stock awards, respectively, from profit sharing arrangements with a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded equity-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards from profit sharing arrangements of million and million, respectively. 

billion of shares of its common stock in order to opportunistically reduce its share count and (ii) up to an aggregate of billion of shares of its common stock in order to offset the dilutive impact of share issuances under its equity incentive plans. On February 21, 2023, the AGM board of directors approved a reallocation of the Company s share repurchase program, pursuant to which, the Company was authorized to repurchase (i) up to an aggregate of 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 billion of shares of its common stock in order to opportunistically reduce its share count, a decrease of billion of shares from the previously authorized amount and (ii) up to an aggregate of billion of shares of its common stock in order to offset the dilutive impact of share issuances under its equity incentive plans, an increase of billion of shares from the previously authorized amount. 
 
 On February 8, 2024, the AGM board of directors terminated the Company s prior share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase program, pursuant to which, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to billion of shares of its common stock to opportunistically reduce the Company s share count or offset the dilutive impact of share issuances under the Company s equity incentive plans. Shares of common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, as well as through reductions of shares that otherwise would have been issued to participants under the Company s Equity Plan in order to satisfy associated tax obligations. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time. The program is effective until the aggregate repurchase amount that has been approved by the AGM board of directors has been expended and may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 
 Reduction of shares of common stock issued 2 
 ) ) Shares of common stock purchased related to share issuances and forfeitures 3 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock for equity-based awards 1 The gross value of shares issued was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock at the time of issuance. 
 2 Cash paid for tax liabilities associated with net share settlement was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 3 Certain Apollo employees receive a portion of the profit sharing proceeds of certain funds in the form of (a) restricted shares of common stock that they are required to purchase with such proceeds or (b) RSUs, in each case which equity-based awards generally vest over . These equity-based awards are granted under the Company's Equity Plan. To prevent dilution on account of these awards, Apollo may, in its discretion, repurchase shares of common stock on the open market and retire them. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, Apollo issued and of such restricted shares and and of such RSUs under the Equity Plan, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Apollo repurchased shares of common stock in open-market transactions not pursuant to a publicly-announced repurchase plan or program. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and shares of common stock, respectively, were repurchased in open market transactions as part of the publicly announced share repurchase programs discussed above, and such shares were subsequently canceled by the Company. The Company paid million and million for these open market share repurchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of a share-based contingent consideration. See note 16 for further information on the contingent consideration. 
 
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On August 11, 2023, the Company issued shares, or billion aggregate liquidation preference, of its Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by the AGM board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, at an annual rate of on the liquidation preference of per share, and may be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or, subject to certain limitations, any combination of cash and shares of common stock. If declared, dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing on October 31, 2023, and ending on, and including, July 31, 2026. The first dividend payment on October 31, 2023 was per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, with subsequent quarterly cash dividends expected to be per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 shares and shares of common stock, in each case, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments described in the certificate of designations related to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be determined based on the average volume weighted average price per share of common stock over the consecutive trading day period beginning on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately prior to July 31, 2026. 
 
 Holders of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have the option to convert all or any portion of their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at any time. The conversion rate applicable to any early conversion may in certain circumstances be increased to compensate holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for certain unpaid accumulated dividends as described in the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 If a Fundamental Change, as defined in the Certificate of Designations, occurs on or prior to July 31, 2026, then holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert all or any portion of their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate for a specified period of time and to also receive an amount to compensate them for certain unpaid accumulated dividends and any remaining future scheduled dividend payments. 
 
 The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption at the Company s option. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were converted at the option of the respective holders. There were shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In 2022, the Company issued warrants in a private placement exercisable for up to million shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, warrants exercisable for million shares of common stock were vested and exercisable. Additional warrants exercisable for million shares of common stock each become exercisable in the first quarter of 2025 and 2026, respectively. Each warrant, to the extent exercised, will be settled on a cashless net exercise basis. The warrants will expire in 2027 with any vested but unexercised warrants being automatically exercised at such time if the trading price of common stock is above the exercise price. 
 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company issued warrants in a private placement exercisable for up to million shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable on the issuance date and each of the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth anniversaries thereof. Each warrant, to the extent exercised, will be settled on a cashless net exercise basis. The warrants will expire on the seventh anniversary of the issuance date, with any vested but unexercised warrants being automatically exercised at such time if the trading price of common stock is above the exercise price. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 February 28, 2023 May 9, 2023 May 31, 2023 August 3, 2023 August 31, 2023 November 1, 2023 November 30, 2023 Year ended December 31, 2023 February 8, 2024 February 29, 2024 May 2, 2024 May 31, 2024 August 1, 2024 August 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) realized 1 
 ) ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 1 Recognized in investment related gains (losses) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

81 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) realized 1 
 ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, net of subsidiary issuance of equity interest and tax ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 1 Recognized in investment related gains (losses) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

(In millions) Unrealized investment gains (losses) on AFS securities without a credit allowance Unrealized investment gains (losses) on AFS securities with a credit allowance Unrealized gains (losses) on hedging instruments Remeasurement gains (losses) on future policy benefits related to discount rate Remeasurement gains (losses) on market risk benefits related to credit risk Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) realized 1 
 ) ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 1 Recognized in investment related gains (losses) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

82 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) realized 1 
 ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, net of subsidiary issuance of equity interest and tax ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 1 Recognized in investment related gains (losses) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Dividends declared on common stock 1 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends on participating securities 2 
 ) ) ) ) Earnings allocable to participating securities ) ) ) ) Undistributed income (loss) attributable to common stockholders: Basic Dilution effect on distributable income attributable to contingent shares ) Undistributed income (loss) attributable to common stockholders: Diluted Denominator: Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding: Basic Dilution effect of options Dilution effect of warrants Dilution effect of contingent shares Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding: Diluted Net income (loss) per share of common stock: Basic Distributed income Undistributed income (loss) Net income (loss) per share of common stock: Basic Net income (loss) per share of common stock: Diluted Distributed income Undistributed income (loss) Net income (loss) per share of common stock: Diluted 1 See note 13 for information regarding quarterly dividends. 
 2 Participating securities consist of vested and unvested RSUs that have rights to dividends and unvested restricted shares. 

The Company has granted RSUs that provide the right to receive, subject to vesting during continued employment, shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Plan. 
 
 Any dividend equivalent paid to an employee on RSUs will not be returned to the Company upon forfeiture of the award by the employee. Vested and unvested RSUs that are entitled to non-forfeitable dividend equivalents qualify as participating securities and are included in the Company s basic and diluted earnings per share computations using the two-class method. The holder of an RSU participating security would have a contractual obligation to share in the losses of the entity if the holder is obligated to fund the losses of the issuing entity or if the contractual principal or mandatory redemption amount of the participating security is reduced as a result of losses incurred by the issuing entity. The RSU participating securities do not have a mandatory redemption amount and the holders of the participating securities are not obligated to fund losses; therefore, neither the vested RSUs nor the unvested RSUs are subject to any contractual obligation to share in losses of the Company. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Weighted average unexercised options Weighted average unexercised warrants Weighted average Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Weighted average unvested restricted shares 

Due from portfolio companies Due from employees and former employees Total Due from Related Parties Due to Related Parties: Due to Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners 2 
 Due to funds Due to portfolio companies Total Due to Related Parties 1 Includes million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to a receivable from a fund in connection with the Company s sale of a platform investment to such fund. The amount is payable to the Company over and is held at fair value. 
 2 Includes million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to the AOG Unit Payment, payable in equal quarterly installments through December 31, 2024. 

Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 Prior to the consummation of the Mergers, each of the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners had the right to exchange vested AOG Units for Class A shares, subject to certain restrictions. All Apollo Operating Group entities have made, or will make, an election under Section 754 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code IRC ), which will result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the assets owned by the Apollo Operating Group entities. The election results in an increase to the tax basis of underlying assets which will reduce the amount of gain and associated tax that AGM and its subsidiaries will otherwise be required to pay in the future. 
 
 The tax receivable agreement TRA provides for payment to the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners of of the amount of cash tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes the Company realizes as a result of the increases in tax basis of assets resulting from exchanges of AOG Units for Class A shares that have occurred in 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 of actual cash tax savings. If the Company does not make the required annual payment on a timely basis as outlined in the tax receivable agreement, interest is accrued on the balance until the payment date. 
 
 Following the closing of the Mergers, as the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners no longer own AOG Units, there were no new exchanges subject to the TRA. 
 
 AOG Unit Payment 
 
 On December 31, 2021, holders of AOG Units (other than Athene and the Company) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction. The remainder of the AOG Units held by such holders were exchanged for shares of AGM common stock concurrently with the consummation of the Mergers on January 1, 2022. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding payable amount due to Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners was million, which is payable in equal quarterly installments through December 31, 2024. 
 
 Due from Employees and Former Employees 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, due from related parties includes various amounts due to Apollo, including employee loans and return of profit-sharing distributions. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance includes interest-bearing employee loans receivable of million and million, respectively. The outstanding principal amount of the loans as well as all accrued and unpaid interest is required to be repaid at the earlier of the eighth anniversary of the date of the relevant loan or at the date of the relevant employee s resignation. 
 
 The receivable from certain employees and former employees includes an amount for the potential return of profit-sharing distributions that would be due if certain funds were liquidated of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Indemnity 
 
 Certain of the performance revenues Apollo earns from funds may be subject to repayment by its subsidiaries that are general partners of the funds in the event that certain specified return thresholds are not ultimately achieved. The Former Managing Partners, Contributing Partners and certain other investment professionals have personally guaranteed, subject to certain limitations, the obligations of these subsidiaries in respect of this obligation. Such guarantees are several and not joint and are limited to a particular individual s distributions. Apollo has agreed to indemnify each of the Former Managing Partners and certain Contributing Partners against all amounts that they pay pursuant to any of these personal guarantees in favor of certain funds that it manages (including costs and expenses related to investigating the basis for or objecting to any claims made in respect of the guarantees) for all interests that the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners contributed or sold to the Apollo Operating Group. 
 
 Apollo recorded an indemnification liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Due to Related Parties 
 
 Based upon an assumed liquidation of certain of the funds Apollo manages, it has recorded a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance allocations, which represents amounts due to certain funds. The obligation is recognized based upon an assumed liquidation of a fund s net assets as of the reporting date. The actual determination and any required payment would not take place until the final disposition of a fund s investments based on the contractual termination of the fund or as otherwise set forth in the respective governing document of the fund. 
 
 Apollo recorded general partner obligations to return previously distributed performance allocations related to certain funds of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million as of September 30, 2024, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Athora Sub-Advised 
 
 Apollo provides sub-advisory services with respect to a portion of the assets in certain portfolio companies of funds managed by Apollo and the Athora Accounts. Apollo broadly refers to Athora Sub-Advised assets as those assets in the Athora Accounts which Apollo explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. 
 
 Apollo earns a base management fee on the aggregate market value of substantially all of the investment accounts of or relating to Athora and also a sub-advisory fee on the Athora Sub-Advised assets, which varies depending on the specific asset class. 
 
 See Athora in the Retirement Services section below for further details on Athene s relationship with Athora. 
 
 Regulated Entities and Affiliated Service Providers 
 
 Apollo Global Securities, LLC AGS is a registered broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. AGS was in compliance with these requirements as of September 30, 2024. From time to time AGS, as well as other Apollo affiliates, provide services to related parties of Apollo, including Apollo funds and their portfolio companies, whereby the Company or its affiliates earn fees for providing such services. 
 
 Griffin Capital Securities, LLC GCS is a registered broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. GCS was in compliance with these requirements as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Investment in SPACs 
 
 Apollo previously sponsored and consolidated two SPACs, Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II and Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. Both SPACs were ultimately liquidated in the fourth quarter of 2023, resulting in a loss of million. 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 AAA 
 
 Athene consolidates AAA as a VIE and AAA holds the majority of Athene s alternative investments portfolio. Apollo established AAA to provide a single vehicle through which Athene and third-party investors participate in a portfolio of alternative investments, including those managed by Apollo. Additionally, the Company believes AAA enhances its ability to increase alternative assets under management by raising capital from third parties, which allows it to achieve greater scale and diversification for alternatives. During the third quarter of 2024, AAA underwent a restructuring which resulted in a change in consolidation that reduced Athene s non-controlling interests by billion and does not represent a withdrawal from AAA. 
 
 Athora 
 
 Athene has a cooperation agreement with Athora, pursuant to which, among other things, (1) for a period of days from the receipt of notice of a cession, Athene has the right of first refusal to reinsure (i) up to of the liabilities ceded from Athora s reinsurance subsidiaries to Athora Life Re Ltd. and (ii) up to of the liabilities ceded from a third party to any of Athora s insurance subsidiaries, subject to a limitation in the aggregate of of Athora s liabilities, (2) Athora agreed to cause its insurance subsidiaries to consider the purchase of certain funding agreements and/or other spread instruments issued by Athene s insurance subsidiaries, subject to a limitation that the fair market value of such funding agreements purchased by any of Athora s insurance subsidiaries may generally not exceed of the fair market value of such subsidiary s total assets, (3) Athene provides Athora with a right of first refusal to pursue acquisition and reinsurance transactions in Europe (other than the 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Non-redeemable preferred equity and corporate debt securities Total investment in Athora 
 
 Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene had million and million, respectively, of funding agreements outstanding to Athora . Athene also has commitments to make additional investments in Athora of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Atlas 
 
 Athene has an equity investment in Atlas, an asset-backed specialty lender, through its investment in AAA and, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene held billion and billion, respectively, of AFS securities issued by Atlas. Athene also held million and million of reverse repurchase agreements issued by Atlas as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, Athene has commitments to make additional investments in Atlas of billion. Additionally, see note 16 for further information on assurance letters issued in support of Atlas. 
 
 Catalina 
 
 Athene has an investment in Apollo Rose II (B) Apollo Rose ). Apollo Rose holds equity interests in Catalina Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Catalina ). During the third quarter of 2024, Athene distributed million of its investment in Apollo Rose representing Catalina common equity interest to an asset management subsidiary of AGM. 
 
 Athene has a strategic modco reinsurance agreement with Catalina to cede certain inforce funding agreements. Athene elected the fair value option on this agreement and had a liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in other liabilities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. During the first quarter of 2024, Athene entered into a modco reinsurance agreement with Catalina to cede a quota share of retail deferred annuity products. As of September 30, 2024, Athene had a reinsurance recoverable balance of billion related to this agreement. 
 
 PK AirFinance 
 
 Athene has investments in PK AirFinance PK Air ), an aviation lending business with a portfolio of loans Aviation Loans ). The Aviation Loans are generally fully secured by aircraft leases and aircraft and are securitized by a special purpose vehicle SPV for which Apollo acts as ABS manager ABS-SPV ). The ABS-SPV issues tranches of senior notes and subordinated notes, which are secured by the Aviation Loans. Athene invests in PK Air through its investment in AAA. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene also held billion and billion, respectively, of PK Air senior notes, which are included in investments in related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Athene has commitments to make additional investments in PK Air of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Venerable 
 
 VA Capital Company LLC VA Capital is owned by a consortium of investors, led by affiliates of Apollo, Crestview Partners III Management, LLC and Reverence Capital Partners L.P., and is the parent of Venerable. Athene has a minority 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that is included in investments in related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition and accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 
 Athene also has coinsurance and modco agreements with VIAC, which is a subsidiary of Venerable. VIAC is a related party due to Athene s investment in VA Capital. Effective July 1, 2023, VIAC recaptured billion of reserves, which represents a portion of their business that was subject to those coinsurance and modco agreements. Athene recognized a gain of million, which is included in other revenues on the condensed consolidated statements of operations, in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the settlement of the recapture agreement. As a result of Athene s intent to transfer the assets supporting this business to VIAC in connection with the recapture, Athene was required by U.S. GAAP to recognize the unrealized losses on these assets of million as intent-to-sell impairments in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Additionally, Athene has term loans receivable from Venerable due in 2033, which are included in investments in related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The loans are held at fair value and were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. While management viewed the overall transactions with Venerable as favorable to Athene, the stated interest rate of on the initial term loan to Venerable represented a below-market interest rate, and management considered such rate as part of its evaluation and pricing of the reinsurance transactions. 
 
 Wheels 
 
 Athene invests in Wheels, Inc. Wheels indirectly through its investment in AAA. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene also owned million and million, respectively, of AFS securities issued by Wheels, which are included in investments in related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Athene also has commitments to make additional investments in Wheels of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Programs 
 
 Athene s subsidiary, ACRA 1 is partially owned by ADIP I, a series of funds managed by Apollo. Athene s subsidiary, ALRe, currently holds of the economic interests in ACRA 1 and all of ACRA 1 s voting interests, with ADIP I holding the remaining of the economic interests. ACRA 2 is partially owned by ADIP II, a fund managed by Apollo. Effective October 1, 2024, ACRA 2 repurchased a portion of its shares held by ALRe, which increased ADIP II s ownership of economic interests in ACRA 2 to , with ALRe owning the remaining . ALRe holds all of ACRA 2 s voting interests. 
 
 Distributions to ADIP ) ) ) ) 

million as of September 30, 2024 related to the funds it manages. Separately, Athene had commitments to make investments, primarily capital contributions to investment funds, inclusive of related party commitments discussed previously and those of its consolidated VIEs, of billion as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects most of the current commitments will be invested over the next five years; however, these commitments could become due any time upon counterparty request. 
 
 Contingent Obligations 
 
 Performance allocations with respect to certain funds are subject to reversal in the event of future losses to the extent of the cumulative revenues recognized in income to date. If all of the existing investments became worthless, the amount of cumulative revenues that have been recognized by Apollo through September 30, 2024 and that could be reversed approximates 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 billion. Performance allocations are affected by changes in the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds that Apollo manages. Valuations, on an unrealized basis, can be significantly affected by a variety of external factors including, but not limited to, bond yields and industry trading multiples. Movements in these items can affect valuations quarter to quarter even if the underlying business fundamentals remain stable. Management views the possibility of all of the investments becoming worthless as remote. 
 
 Additionally, at the end of the life of certain funds, Apollo may be obligated as general partner, to repay the funds performance allocations received in excess of what was ultimately earned. This obligation amount, if any, will depend on final realized values of investments at the end of the life of each fund or as otherwise set forth in the partnership agreement of the fund. 
 
 Certain funds may not generate performance allocations as a result of unrealized and realized losses that are recognized in the current and prior reporting periods. In certain cases, performance allocations will not be generated until additional unrealized and realized gains occur. Any appreciation would first cover the deductions for invested capital, unreturned organizational expenses, operating expenses, management fees and priority returns based on the terms of the respective fund agreements. 
 
 One of Apollo s subsidiaries, AGS, provides underwriting commitments in connection with securities offerings of related parties of Apollo, including portfolio companies of the funds Apollo manages, as well as third parties. As of September 30, 2024, AGS had unfunded contingent commitments of million outstanding related to such offerings. The commitments expired on October 1, 2024 with no funding on the part of Apollo. 
 
 The Company, along with a third-party institutional investor, has committed to provide financing to a consolidated VIE that invests across Apollo s capital markets platform (such VIE, the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership ). Pursuant to these arrangements, the Company has committed equity financing to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership. The Apollo Capital Markets Partnership also has a revolving credit facility with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as lead arranger, administrative agent and letter of credit issuer, Mizuho Bank Ltd., and other lenders party thereto, pursuant to which it may borrow up to billion. The revolving credit facility, which has a final maturity date of April 1, 2025, is non-recourse to the Company, except that the Company provided customary comfort letters with respect to its capital contributions to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership. As of September 30, 2024, the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership had funded commitments of million, on a net basis, to transactions across Apollo s capital markets platform, all of which were funded through the revolving credit facility and other asset-based financing. No capital had been funded by the Company to the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership pursuant to its commitment. 
 
 Whether the commitments of the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. It is expected that between the time the Apollo Capital Markets Partnership makes a commitment and funding of such commitment, efforts will be made to syndicate such commitment to, among others, third parties, which should reduce its risk when committing to certain transactions. The Apollo Capital Markets Partnership may also, with respect to a particular transaction, enter into other arrangements with third parties which reduce its commitment risk. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Stone Tower in 2012, Apollo agreed to pay its former owners a specified percentage of future performance revenues earned from certain of its funds, CLOs, and strategic investment accounts. This obligation was determined based on the present value of estimated future performance revenue payments and is recorded in other liabilities. The fair value of the remaining contingent obligation was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This contingent consideration obligation is remeasured to fair value at each reporting period until the obligations are satisfied. The changes in the fair value of the Stone Tower contingent consideration obligation is reflected in profit sharing expense within compensation and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Griffin Capital s U.S. asset management business on May 3, 2022, Apollo agreed to pay its former owners certain share-based consideration contingent on specified AUM and capital raising thresholds. This obligation was determined based on the present value of estimated future performance relative to such thresholds and is recorded in other liabilities. During the second quarter of 2024, the specified capital raise thresholds were achieved and the Company issued shares of common stock to settle the share-based consideration obligation to Griffin Capital s former owners. The fair value of the remaining contingent obligation was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This contingent consideration obligation is remeasured to fair value at each reporting period until the respective thresholds are met such that the contingencies are satisfied. The period to satisfy such contingencies is valid until the end of 2024. The changes in the fair value of the Griffin Capital contingent consideration obligation are reflected in other income (loss) in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

billion and billion, respectively, of FHLB funding agreements outstanding. Athene is required to provide collateral in excess of the funding agreement amounts outstanding, considering any discounts to the securities posted and prepayment penalties. 
 
 Athene has a funding agreement backed notes FABN program, which allows Athene Global Funding, a special purpose, unaffiliated statutory trust, to offer its senior secured medium-term notes. Athene Global Funding uses the net proceeds from each sale to purchase one or more funding agreements from Athene. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene had billion and billion, respectively, of FABN funding agreements outstanding. Athene had billion of board-authorized FABN capacity remaining as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Athene also issues secured and other funding agreements. Secured funding agreements involve special-purpose, unaffiliated entities entering into repurchase agreements with a third party, the proceeds of which are used by the special-purpose entities to purchase funding agreements from Athene. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene had billion and billion, respectively, of secured and other funding agreements outstanding. 
 
 Pledged Assets and Funds in Trust (Restricted Assets) 
 
 Trading securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Investment funds Derivative assets Short-term investments Other investments Restricted cash and cash equivalents Total restricted assets 
 
 The restricted assets are primarily related to reinsurance trusts established in accordance with coinsurance agreements and the FHLB and secured funding agreements described above. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 Athene has undrawn letters of credit totaling billion as of September 30, 2024. These letters of credit were issued for Athene s reinsurance program and have expirations through May 22, 2028. 
 
 Atlas 
 
 In connection with the Company and CS s previously announced transaction, whereby Atlas acquired certain assets of the CS Securitized Products Group, subsidiaries of the Company have each issued an assurance letter to CS to guarantee the full five year deferred purchase obligation of Atlas in the amount of billion. In March 2024, in connection with Atlas concluding its investment management agreement with CS, the deferred purchase obligation amount was reduced to billion. In addition, certain strategic investors have made equity commitments to Atlas which therefore obligates these investors for a portion of the deferred purchase obligation. The Company s guarantee is not probable of payment hence there is no liability on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 billion had it known of the defects, and that the public disclosure of these defects ultimately led to SkyTerra filing for bankruptcy in 2012 (after it had been renamed LightSquared). The complaint sought billion in damages, as well as punitive damages, interest, costs, and fees. On June 12, 2019, Harbinger voluntarily discontinued the state action without prejudice. On June 8, 2020, Harbinger refiled its litigation in New York Supreme Court, captioned Harbinger Capital Partners II, LP et al. v. Apollo Global Management, LLC et al. (No. 652342/2020). The complaint adds new defendants and new claims relating to Harbinger s contention that the new defendants induced Harbinger to buy CCTV One Four Holdings, LLC CCTV to support SkyTerra s network even though they allegedly knew that the network had material defects. On November 23, 2020, Defendants refiled a bankruptcy motion, and on November 24, 2020, filed in the state court a motion to stay the state court proceedings pending a ruling by the bankruptcy court on the bankruptcy motion. On February 1, 2021, the bankruptcy court denied the bankruptcy motion. Defendants filed their motions to dismiss the New York Supreme Court action on March 31, 2021, which were granted in part and denied in part on May 23, 2023. The court granted in full the Defendants motion to dismiss Harbinger s complaint as time-barred and denied as moot the Defendants motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim. Plaintiffs have appealed the court s decision. Apollo believes the claims in this action are without merit. No reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 
 In March 2020, Frank Funds, which claims to be a former shareholder of MPM Holdings, Inc. MPM ), commenced an action in the Delaware Court of Chancery, captioned Frank Funds v. Apollo Global Management, Inc., et al. , C.A. No. 2020-0130, against AAM, certain former MPM directors (including Apollo officers and employees), and members of the consortium that acquired MPM in a May 2019 merger. The complaint asserted, on behalf of a putative class of former MPM shareholders, a claim against Apollo for breach of its fiduciary duties as MPM s alleged controlling shareholder in connection with the May 2019 merger. Frank Funds seeks unspecified compensatory damages. On July 23, 2019, a group of former MPM shareholders filed an appraisal petition in Delaware Chancery Court seeking the fair value of their MPM shares that were purchased through MPM s May 15, 2019 merger, in an action captioned In re Appraisal of MPM Holdings, Inc. , C.A. No. 2019-0519 (Del. Ch.). On June 3, 2020, petitioners moved for leave to file a verified amended appraisal petition and class-action complaint that included claims for breach of fiduciary duty and/or aiding and abetting breaches of fiduciary duty against AAM, the Apollo-affiliated fund that owned MPM s shares before the merger, certain former MPM directors (including Apollo employees), and members of the consortium that acquired MPM, based on alleged actions related to the May 2019 merger. The petitioners also sought to consolidate their appraisal proceeding with the Frank Funds action. On November 13, 2020, the Chancery Court granted the parties stipulated order to consolidate the two matters, and on December 21, 2020, the Chancery Court granted petitioners motion for leave to file the proposed amended complaint. This new consolidated action is captioned In Re MPM Holdings Inc. Appraisal and Stockholder Litigation , C.A. No. 2019-0519 (Del Ch.). On November 17, 2023, Plaintiff and Defendants filed a stipulation of settlement with the Chancery Court. On February 23, 2024, the Chancery Court held a hearing on the proposed settlement, which is now pending Court approval. 
 
 On August 4, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against PlayAGS Inc. PlayAGS ), all of the members of PlayAGS s board of directors (including directors who are affiliated with Apollo), certain underwriters of PlayAGS (including Apollo Global Securities, LLC), as well as AAM, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, L.P., Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P., and Apollo Gaming Voteco, LLC (these last parties, together, the Apollo Defendants ). The complaint asserted claims against all defendants arising under the Securities Act of 1933 in connection with certain secondary offerings of PlayAGS stock conducted in August 2018 and March 2019, alleging that the registration statements issued in connection with those offerings did not fully disclose certain business challenges facing PlayAGS. The complaint further asserted a control person claim under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Apollo Defendants and the director defendants (including the directors affiliated with Apollo), alleging such defendants were responsible for certain misstatements and omissions by PlayAGS about its business. On December 2, 2022, the Court dismissed all claims against the underwriters (including Apollo Global Securities, LLC) and the Apollo Defendants, but allowed a claim 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 of PlayAGS s executives to proceed. On February 13, 2024, the Court dismissed the entire case against all defendants, with prejudice, and instructed the clerk of the court to close the case. On March 14, 2024, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal, which is now fully briefed. Apollo believes the claims in this action are without merit. reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 
 On August 17, 2023, a purported stockholder of AGM filed a shareholder derivative complaint (the Original Complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against current AGM directors Marc Rowan, Scott Kleinman, James Zelter, Alvin Krongard, Michael Ducey, and Pauline Richards, Apollo Former Managing Partners Leon Black and Joshua Harris, and, as a nominal defendant, AGM. The action is captioned Anguilla Social Security Board vs. Black et al., C.A. No. 2023-0846-JTL and challenges the million payments being made to the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners in connection with the elimination of the Up-C structure that was in place prior to Apollo s merger with Athene. As previously disclosed in Apollo s SEC filings, this purported stockholder previously had sought and received documents relating to the transaction pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Original Complaint alleged that the challenged payments amount to corporate waste, that the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners received payments in connection with the Corporate Recapitalization that exceed fair value and therefore breached their fiduciary duties, and that the independent conflicts committee of the AAM board of directors (which then consisted of Mr. Krongard, Mr. Ducey, and Ms. Richards) that negotiated the elimination of the TRA breached their fiduciary duties. The Original Complaint alleged that pre-suit demand was futile because a majority of AGM s board is either not independent from the Former Managing Partners or face a substantial likelihood of liability in light of the challenges to the transaction. The Original Complaint sought, among other things, declaratory relief, unspecified monetary damages, interest, restitution, disgorgement, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys fees. On November 16, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the Original Complaint on the basis that, among other things, the plaintiff failed to make a pre-suit demand on the Apollo board of directors. On February 9, 2024, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the Amended Complaint that adds new factual allegations but names the same defendants, asserts the same causes of action, and seeks the same relief as the Original Complaint. The Amended Complaint alleges that pre-suit demand was futile for the same reasons alleged in the Original Complaint. On April 25, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint. On September 20, 2024, the Court of Chancery denied the defendants motion to dismiss. The deadline for the defendants to answer the Amended Complaint is November 25, 2024. reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 
 On March 14, 2024, a purported stockholder of AGM filed a class action complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against AGM. The complaint alleges, among other things, that certain provisions of the stockholders agreement, entered into on January 1, 2022 between AGM and the Former Managing Partners, violate Delaware law. Apollo believes the claims in this action are without merit. On July 11, 2024, defendants moved to dismiss. On August 7, 2024, the court entered an order staying the motion to dismiss pending the resolution of the appeal of the decision in West Palm Beach Firefighters Pension Fund v. Moelis Co. , 311 A.3d 809 (Del. Ch. 2024). reasonable estimate of possible loss, if any, can be made at this time. 
 
 Certain of Apollo s investment adviser subsidiaries have received a request for information and documents from the SEC in connection with an investigation concerning compliance with record retention requirements relating to business communications sent or received via electronic messaging channels. As has been publicly reported, the SEC is conducting similar investigations of other investment advisers. The Company is in discussions with the SEC regarding a potential resolution of this investigation. As of June 30, 2024, Apollo recorded an accrual for the estimated liability associated with this matter. There can be no assurances that these discussions will lead to resolution of the investigation, and it is possible that the ultimate amount of any potential liability could be different from the amount accrued. 
 
 Guaranty Association Assessments 
 
 Guaranty associations may subject member insurers, including Athene, to assessments that require the insurers to pay funds to cover contractual obligations under insurance policies issued by insurance companies that become impaired or insolvent. The assessments are based on an insurer s proportionate share of premiums written in that state during a specified one-year or three-year period for lines of business in which the impaired or insolvent insurer engaged, subject to prescribed limits. On December 30, 2022, the North Carolina Wake County Superior Court entered an Order of Liquidation (the Liquidation Order against Bankers Life Insurance Company BLIC and Colorado Bankers Life Insurance Company CBLIC ), which was affirmed by the North Carolina Court of Appeals on March 5, 2024. On April 9, 2024, GBIG Holdings, LLC GBIG ), the sole shareholder of BLIC and CBLIC, filed a Petition for Discretionary Review requesting the North Carolina Supreme Court review the decision by the North Carolina Court of Appeals to affirm the Liquidation Order. On July 11, 2024, GBIG filed a Motion to Withdraw its Petition for Discretionary Review. Athene is not a party to this litigation. The North Carolina Supreme 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million, based on the current best estimate of these assessments. The actual amount of assessments levied against Athene during the year ended December 31, 2024 or in future years in connection with the BLIC and CBLIC insolvencies may vary from this estimate. Athene expects to recover million of assessments paid through future premium tax credits. 

reportable segments: (i) Asset Management, (ii) Retirement Services and (iii) Principal Investing. Segment information is utilized by the Company s chief operating decision maker to assess performance and to allocate resources. 
 
 The performance is measured by the Company s chief operating decision maker on an unconsolidated basis because the chief operating decision maker makes operating decisions and assesses the performance of each of the Company s business segments based on financial and operating metrics and data that exclude the effects of consolidation of any of the affiliated funds. 
 
 Segment Income 
 
 Segment Income is the key performance measure used by management in evaluating the performance of the asset management, retirement services, and principal investing segments. Management uses Segment Income to make key operating decisions such as the following: 
 decisions related to the allocation of resources such as staffing decisions, including hiring and locations for deployment of the new hires; 
 decisions related to capital deployment such as providing capital to facilitate growth for the business and/or to facilitate expansion into new businesses; 
 decisions related to expenses, such as determining annual discretionary bonuses and equity-based compensation awards to its employees. With respect to compensation, management seeks to align the interests of certain professionals and selected other individuals with those of the investors in the funds and those of Apollo s stockholders by providing such individuals a profit sharing interest in the performance fees earned in relation to the funds. To achieve that objective, a certain amount of compensation is based on Apollo s performance and growth for the year; and 
 decisions related to the amount of earnings available for dividends to common stockholders and holders of equity-based awards that participate in dividends. 
 Segment Income is a measure of profitability and has certain limitations in that it does not take into account certain items included under U.S. GAAP. Segment Income is the sum of (i) Fee Related Earnings, (ii) Spread Related Earnings and (iii) Principal Investing Income. Segment Income excludes the effects of the consolidation of any of the related funds and SPACs, interest and other financing costs related to AGM not attributable to any specific segment, taxes and related payables, transaction-related charges and any acquisitions. Transaction-related charges includes equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets, contingent consideration, and certain other charges associated with acquisitions, and restructuring charges. In addition, Segment Income excludes non-cash revenue and expense related to equity awards granted by unconsolidated related parties to employees of the Company, compensation and administrative related expense reimbursements, as well as the assets, liabilities and operating results of the funds and VIEs that are included in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Segment Income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We use Segment Income as a measure of operating performance, not as a measure of liquidity. Segment Income should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other income data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The use of Segment Income without consideration of related U.S. GAAP measures is not adequate due to the adjustments described above. Management compensates for these limitations by using Segment Income as a supplemental measure to U.S. GAAP results, to provide a more complete understanding of our performance as management measures it. A reconciliation of Segment Income to its most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure of income (loss) before income tax provision can be found in this footnote. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

95 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Capital solutions fees and other, net Fee-related performance fee Fee-related compensation ) ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) ) Fee Related Earnings Retirement Services Fixed income and other net investment income Alternative net investment income Strategic capital management fees Cost of funds ) ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) ) Interest and other financing costs ) ) ) ) Spread Related Earnings Principal Investing Realized performance fees Realized investment income Principal investing compensation ) ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) ) Principal Investing Income Segment Income 
 
 Segment Assets: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Asset Management Retirement Services Principal Investing Total Assets 2 
 1 Includes intersegment management fees from Retirement Services of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2 Refer below for a reconciliation of total assets for Apollo s total reportable segments to total consolidated assets. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Asset Management Adjustments: 
 Equity-based profit sharing expense and other 1 
 Equity-based compensation Transaction-related charges 2 
 Merger-related transaction and integration costs 3 
 (Gains) losses from change in tax receivable agreement liability ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) Unrealized performance fees ) ) ) Unrealized profit sharing expense ) HoldCo interest and other financing costs 4 
 Unrealized principal investment income (loss) ) ) ) ) Unrealized net (gains) losses from investment activities and other 5 
 ) Retirement Services Adjustments: Investment (gains) losses, net of offsets ) ) Non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives 6 
 ) ) ) Integration, restructuring and other non-operating expenses Equity-based compensation Segment Income 1 Equity-based profit sharing expense and other includes certain profit sharing arrangements in which a portion of performance fees distributed to the general partner are required to be used by employees of Apollo to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered in the form of RSUs, which are granted under the Equity Plan. Equity-based profit sharing expense and other also includes performance grants which are tied to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. 
 2 Transaction-related charges include contingent consideration, equity-based compensation charges and the amortization of intangible assets and certain other charges associated with acquisitions, and restructuring charges. 
 3 Merger-related transaction and integration costs includes advisory services, technology integration, equity-based compensation charges and other costs associated with the Mergers. 
 4 Represents interest and other financing costs related to AGM not attributable to any specific segment. 
 5 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an accrual related to an estimated liability associated with a regulatory matter. 
 6 Includes change in fair values of derivatives and embedded derivatives, non-operating change in funding agreements, change in fair value of market risk benefits, and non-operating change in liability for future policy benefits. 

Adjustments 1 
 Total assets 1 Represents the addition of assets of consolidated funds and VIEs and consolidation elimination adjustments. 

97 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 per share of common stock, which will be paid on November 29, 2024 to holders of record at the close of business on November 18, 2024. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company also declared and set aside for payment a cash dividend of per share of its Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which will be paid on January 31, 2025 to holders of record at the close of business on January 15, 2025. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Apollo Global Management, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Funds and VIEs Eliminations Consolidated Assets Asset Management Cash and cash equivalents 2,666 2,666 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 3 3 Investments 6,338 (478) 5,860 Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents 102 102 Investments 2,455 (102) 2,353 Other assets 255 (131) 124 Due from related parties 677 (105) 572 Goodwill 264 264 Other assets 2,512 2,512 12,460 2,812 (816) 14,456 Retirement Services Cash and cash equivalents 13,587 13,587 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 964 964 Investments 258,061 (285) 257,776 Investments in related parties 42,922 (14,931) 27,991 Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents 305 305 Investments 1,377 20,523 (108) 21,792 Other assets 8 184 192 Reinsurance recoverable 7,454 7,454 Deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired 6,971 6,971 Goodwill 4,071 4,071 Other assets 13,188 (58) 13,130 348,603 21,012 (15,382) 354,233 Total Assets 361,063 23,824 (16,198) 368,689 (Continued) 
 99 

Table of Contents 

September 30, 2024 (In millions) Apollo Global Management, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Funds and VIEs Eliminations Consolidated Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity Liabilities Asset Management Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 3,908 3,908 Due to related parties 839 (130) 709 Debt 4,082 4,082 Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Debt, at fair value 136 (136) Other liabilities 1,073 (52) 1,021 8,829 1,209 (318) 9,720 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities 245,436 245,436 Future policy benefits 52,962 52,962 Market risk benefits 4,402 4,402 Debt 5,725 5,725 Payables for collateral on derivatives and securities to repurchase 7,952 7,952 Other liabilities 10,097 (500) 9,597 Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Other liabilities 33 1,330 (9) 1,354 326,607 830 (9) 327,428 Total Liabilities 335,436 2,039 (327) 337,148 Commitments and Contingencies (note 16) 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests: Redeemable non-controlling interests 15 15 Equity Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 1,398 1,398 Additional paid in capital 15,032 36 5 15,073 Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 4,901 15,937 (15,973) 4,865 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (3,472) (16) 15 (3,473) Total AGM Stockholders Equity 17,859 15,957 (15,953) 17,863 Non-controlling interests 7,768 5,813 82 13,663 Total Equity 25,627 21,770 (15,871) 31,526 Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity 361,063 23,824 (16,198) 368,689 (Concluded) 
 100 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2023 (In millions) Apollo Global Management, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Funds and VIEs Eliminations Consolidated Assets Asset Management Cash and cash equivalents 2,748 2,748 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 2 2 Investments 5,673 (171) 5,502 Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents 62 62 Investments 1,690 (50) 1,640 Other assets 204 (27) 177 Due from related parties 464 (15) 449 Goodwill 264 264 Other assets 2,331 2,331 11,482 1,956 (263) 13,175 Retirement Services Cash and cash equivalents 13,020 13,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,761 1,761 Investments 213,099 213,099 Investments in related parties 39,194 (13,352) 25,842 Assets of consolidated variable interest entities Cash and cash equivalents 98 98 Investments 1,453 18,886 (107) 20,232 Other assets 9 101 110 Reinsurance recoverable 4,154 4,154 Deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired 5,979 5,979 Goodwill 4,065 4,065 Other assets 11,996 (43) 11,953 294,730 19,085 (13,502) 300,313 Total Assets 306,212 21,041 (13,765) 313,488 (Continued) 
 101 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2023 (In millions) Apollo Global Management, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Funds and VIEs Eliminations Consolidated Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity Liabilities Asset Management Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 3,333 5 3,338 Due to related parties 897 (27) 870 Debt 3,883 3,883 Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Other liabilities 1,145 1,145 8,113 1,150 (27) 9,236 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities 204,670 204,670 Future policy benefits 53,287 53,287 Market risk benefits 3,751 3,751 Debt 4,209 4,209 Payables for collateral on derivatives and securities to repurchase 7,536 7,536 Other liabilities 4,456 4,456 Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities Other liabilities 38 1,076 (16) 1,098 277,947 1,076 (16) 279,007 Total Liabilities 286,060 2,226 (43) 288,243 Commitments and Contingencies (note 16) 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests Redeemable non-controlling interests 12 12 Equity Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 1,398 1,398 Additional paid in capital 15,282 (34) 1 15,249 Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 2,948 13,693 (13,669) 2,972 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (5,575) (19) 19 (5,575) Total AGM Stockholders Equity 14,053 13,640 (13,649) 14,044 Non-controlling interests 6,099 5,163 (73) 11,189 Total Equity 20,152 18,803 (13,722) 25,233 Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Equity 306,212 21,041 (13,765) 313,488 (Concluded) 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Apollo Global Management, Inc. s condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes within this quarterly report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those included in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 Annual Report and Item 1A. Risk Factors in this quarterly report. The highlights listed below have had significant effects on many items within our condensed consolidated financial statements and affect the comparison of the current period s activity with those of prior periods. 

General 
 
 Our Businesses 
 
 Founded in 1990, Apollo is a high-growth, global alternative asset manager and a retirement services provider. Apollo conducts its business primarily in the United States through the following three reportable segments: Asset Management, Retirement Services and Principal Investing. These business segments are differentiated based on the investment services they provide as well as varying investing strategies. As of September 30, 2024, Apollo had a team of 5,053 employees, including 1,978 employees of Athene. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Our Asset Management segment focuses on two investing strategies: credit and equity. We have a flexible mandate in many of the funds we manage which enables the funds to invest opportunistically across a company s capital structure. We raise, invest and manage funds, accounts and other vehicles on behalf of some of the world s most prominent pension, endowment and sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies, as well as other institutional and individual investors. As of September 30, 2024, we had total AUM of 733 billion. 
 
 During the third quarter ended September 30, 2024, we updated our Asset Management strategies to credit and equity, from the previously reported yield, hybrid and equity, which, we believe, better reflects our Asset Management investment strategies. The credit and equity investing strategies of our Asset Management segment reflect the range of investment capabilities across our platform, from investment grade to private equity. As an asset manager, we earn fees for providing investment management services and expertise to our client base. The amount of fees charged for managing these assets depends on the underlying investment strategy, liquidity profile, and, ultimately, our ability to generate returns for our clients. We also earn capital solutions fees as part of our growing capital solutions business and as part of monitoring and deployment activity alongside our sizeable private equity franchise. After expenses, we call the resulting earnings stream Fee Related Earnings or FRE , which represents the primary performance measure for the Asset Management segment. 
 
 Credit 
 
 Credit is our largest asset management strategy with 598 billion of AUM as of September 30, 2024. Our credit strategy spans third-party strategies and Apollo s retirement services business across four main investment pillars: direct origination, asset-backed, multi credit and opportunistic credit. Our credit strategy provides flexible, scaled and diverse capital solutions across the entire credit risk-return spectrum, with a focus on generating excess returns through high-quality credit underwriting and origination. Beyond participation in the traditional issuance and secondary credit markets, through our origination platforms and corporate solutions capabilities we seek to originate attractive and safe-yielding assets for the investors in the funds we manage. 
 
 Equity 
 
 Our equity strategy managed 135 billion of AUM as of September 30, 2024. Across our equity strategy, we maintain our focus on creative structuring and sourcing while working with the management teams of our Apollo-managed funds portfolio companies to help transform and grow their businesses. Our flexible mandate and purchase price discipline allow us to embrace complexity and seek attractive outcomes for our stakeholders. Apollo s equity team has experience across sectors, industries, and geographies spanning its private equity, hybrid value, secondaries equity, AAA, real estate equity, impact investing platform, infrastructure and clean transition equity strategies. We have consistently produced attractive long-term investment 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 returns in the traditional private equity funds we manage, generating a 39 gross IRR and a 24 net IRR on a compound annual basis from inception through September 30, 2024. 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 Our retirement services business is conducted by Athene, a leading financial services company that specializes in issuing, reinsuring and acquiring retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. Athene s primary product line is annuities, which include fixed, payout and group annuities issued in conjunction with pension group annuity transactions. Athene also offers funding agreements, which are comprised of funding agreements issued under its FABN program, secured and other funding agreements, funding agreements issued to the FHLB and repurchase agreements with an original maturity exceeding one year. Our asset management business provides a full suite of services for Athene s investment portfolio, including direct investment management, asset allocation, mergers and acquisitions asset diligence and certain operational support services, including investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support. 
 
 Our retirement services business focuses on generating spread income by combining the two core competencies of (1) sourcing long-term, persistent liabilities and (2) using the global scale and reach of our asset management business to actively source or originate assets with Athene s preferred risk and return characteristics. Athene s investment philosophy is to invest a portion of its assets in securities that earn an incremental yield by taking measured liquidity and complexity risk and capitalize on its long-dated, persistent liability profile to prudently achieve higher net investment earned rates, rather than assuming incremental credit risk. A cornerstone of Athene s investment philosophy is that given the operating leverage inherent in its business, modest investment outperformance can translate to outsized return performance. Because Athene maintains discipline in underwriting attractively priced liabilities, it has the ability to invest in a broad range of high-quality assets to generate attractive earnings. 
 
 Principal Investing 
 
 Our Principal Investing segment is comprised of our realized performance fee income, realized investment income from our balance sheet investments, and certain allocable expenses related to corporate functions supporting the entire company. The Principal Investing segment also includes our growth capital and liquidity resources at AGM. Over time, we may deploy capital into strategic investments over time that will help accelerate the growth of our Asset Management segment, by broadening our investment management and/or product distribution capabilities or increasing the efficiency of our operations. We believe these investments may translate into greater compounded annual growth of Fee Related Earnings. 
 
 Given the cyclical nature of performance fees, earnings from our Principal Investing segment, or PII, are inherently more volatile in nature than earnings from the Asset Management and Retirement Services segments. We earn fees based on the investment performance of the funds we manage and compensate our employees, primarily investment professionals, with a meaningful portion of these proceeds to align our team with the investors in the funds we manage and incentivize them to deliver strong investment performance over time. To enhance this alignment, we have increased the proportion of performance fee income we pay to our employees over the last few years. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 The diagram below depicts our current organizational structure: 
 
 Note: The organizational structure chart above depicts a simplified version of the Apollo structure. It does not include all legal entities in the structure. 
 (1) Includes direct and indirect ownership by AGM. 

Business Environment 
 
 Economic and Market Conditions 
 
 Our asset management and retirement services businesses are affected by the condition of global financial markets and the economy. Price fluctuations within equity, credit, commodity, and foreign exchange markets, as well as interest rates and global inflation, which may be volatile and mixed across geographies, can significantly impact the performance of our business, including, but not limited to, the valuation of investments, including those of the funds we manage, and related income we may recognize. 
 
 Adverse economic conditions may result from domestic and global economic and political developments, including plateauing or decreasing economic growth and business activity, civil unrest, geopolitical tensions or military action, such as the armed conflicts in the Middle East and between Ukraine and Russia, and corresponding sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries, and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements on business investment, hiring, migration, labor supply and global supply chains. 
 
 We carefully monitor economic and market conditions that could potentially give rise to global market volatility and affect our business operations, investment portfolios and derivatives, which includes global inflation. U.S. inflation eased in 2024 but the Consumer Price Index remains above the U.S. Federal Reserve s 2 target. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the annual U.S. inflation rate decreased modestly to 2.4 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 3.0 as of June 30, 2024. The U.S. Federal Reserve finished the quarter with a benchmark interest rate target range of 4.75 to 5.00 , marking the first significant cut in rates since the pandemic. 
 
 Equity market performance was strong during the third quarter of 2024. In the U.S., the S P 500 Index increased by 5.5 during the quarter following an increase of 3.9 in the second quarter of 2024. Global equity markets increased during the quarter, with the MSCI All Country World ex USA Index increasing by 7.8 , following a decrease of 0.4 in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Conditions in the credit markets also have a significant impact on our business. Credit markets were positive in the third quarter of 2024, with the BofAML HY Master II Index increasing by 5.3 , while the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index increased by 1.9 . 
 
 In terms of economic conditions in the U.S., the Bureau of Economic Analysis reported real GDP increased at an annual rate of 2.8 in the third quarter of 2024, following an increase of 3.0 in the second quarter of 2024. As of October 2024, the International Monetary Fund estimated that the U.S. economy will expand by 2.8 in 2024 and 2.2 in 2025. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the U.S. unemployment rate remained at 4.1 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Foreign exchange rates can materially impact the valuations of our investments and those of the funds we manage that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The U.S. dollar weakened in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the euro and the British pound. Relative to the U.S. dollar, the euro appreciated 3.9 during the third quarter of 2024, after depreciating 0.7 in the second quarter of 2024, while the British pound appreciated 5.8 during the third quarter of 2024, after appreciating 0.2 in the second quarter of 2024. Oil finished the third quarter of 2024 down 16.4 from the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 We are actively monitoring the developments in Ukraine resulting from the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the economic sanctions and restrictions imposed against Russia, Belarus, and certain Russian and Belarussian entities and individuals. The Company continues to (i) identify and assess any exposure to designated persons or entities across the Company s business; (ii) ensure existing surveillance and controls are calibrated to the evolving sanctions; and (iii) ensure appropriate levels of communication across the Company, and with other relevant market participants, as appropriate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the funds we manage have no investments that would cause Apollo or any Apollo managed fund to be in violation of current international sanctions, and we believe the direct exposure of investment portfolios of the funds we manage to Russia and Ukraine is insignificant. The Company and the funds we manage do not intend to make any new material investments in Russia, and have appropriate controls in place to ensure review of any new exposure. 
 
 Institutional investors continue to allocate capital towards alternative investment managers in search of more attractive returns, and we believe the business environment remains generally accommodative to raise larger successor funds, launch new products, and pursue attractive strategic growth opportunities. 
 
 Interest Rate Environment 
 
 Rates decreased during the third quarter of 2024, with the U.S. 10-year Treasury yield at 3.81 , compared to 4.36 at the end of the second quarter of 2024, primarily due to the U.S. Federal Reserve s decision to lower the benchmark interest rate target range by 50 basis points at its September meeting. 
 
 With respect to Retirement Services, Athene s investment portfolio consists predominantly of fixed maturity investments. If prevailing interest rates were to rise, we believe the yield on Athene s new investment purchases may also rise and its investment income from floating rate investments would increase, while the value of its existing investments may decline. If prevailing interest rates were to decline significantly, the yield on Athene s new investment purchases may decline and its investment income from floating rate investments would decrease, while the value of its existing investments may increase. 
 
 Athene addresses interest rate risk through managing the duration of the liabilities it sources with assets it acquires through asset liability management ALM modeling. As part of its investment strategy, Athene purchases floating rate investments, which are expected to perform well in a rising interest rate environment and are expected to underperform in a declining rate environment. Athene manages its interest rate risk in a declining rate environment through hedging activity or the issuance of additional floating rate liabilities to lower its overall net floating rate position. As of September 30, 2024, Athene s net invested asset portfolio included 49.8 billion of floating rate investments, or 21 of its net invested assets, and its net reserve liabilities included 35.0 billion of floating rate liabilities at notional, or 15 of its net invested assets, resulting in 14.8 billion of net floating rate assets, or 6 of its net invested assets. 
 
 If prevailing interest rates were to rise, we believe Athene s products would be more attractive to consumers and its sales would likely increase. If prevailing interest rates were to decline, it is likely that Athene s products would be less attractive to consumers and its sales would likely decrease. In periods of prolonged low interest rates, the net investment spread may be negatively impacted by reduced investment income to the extent that Athene is unable to adequately reduce policyholder crediting rates due to policyholder guarantees in the form of minimum crediting rates or otherwise due to market conditions. A 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 significant majority of Athene s deferred annuity products have crediting rates that it may reset annually upon renewal, following the expiration of the current guaranteed period. While Athene has the contractual ability to lower these crediting rates to the guaranteed minimum levels, its willingness to do so may be limited by competitive pressures. 
 
 See Part I Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in this report and Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our 2023 Annual Report, which include a discussion regarding interest rate and other significant risks and our strategies for managing these risks. 

Overview of Results of Operations 
 
 Financial Measures under U.S. GAAP - Asset Management 
 
 The following discussion of financial measures under U.S. GAAP is based on Apollo s asset management business as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Management Fees 
 
 The significant growth of the assets we manage has had a positive effect on our revenues. Management fees are typically calculated based upon any of net asset value, gross assets, adjusted par asset value, adjusted costs of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, invested capital, adjusted assets, capital contributions, or stockholders equity, each as defined in the applicable limited partnership agreement and/or management agreement of the unconsolidated funds or accounts. 
 
 Advisory and Transaction Fees, Net 
 
 As a result of providing advisory services with respect to actual and potential investments, we are entitled to receive fees for transactions related to the acquisition and, in certain instances, disposition and financing of companies, some of which are portfolio companies of the funds we manage, as well as fees for ongoing monitoring of portfolio company operations and directors fees. We also receive advisory fees for advisory services provided to certain funds. In addition, monitoring fees are generated on certain structured portfolio company investments. Under the terms of the limited partnership agreements for certain funds, the management fee payable by the funds may be subject to a reduction based on a certain percentage (up to 100 of such advisory and transaction fees, net of applicable broken deal costs Management Fee Offset ). Such amounts are presented as a reduction to advisory and transaction fees, net, in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Performance Fees 
 
 The general partners of the funds we manage are entitled to an incentive return of normally up to 20 of the total returns of a fund s capital, depending upon performance of the underlying funds and subject to preferred returns and high water marks, as applicable. Performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, are accounted for as an equity method investment, and effectively, the performance fees for any period are based upon an assumed liquidation of the funds assets at the reporting date, and distribution of the net proceeds in accordance with the funds allocation provisions. Performance fees categorized as incentive fees, which are not accounted for as an equity method investment, are deferred until fees are probable to not be significantly reversed. The majority of performance fees are comprised of performance allocations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 39 of the value of the investments of the funds we manage, on a gross basis, was determined using market-based valuation methods i.e. , reliance on broker or listed exchange quotes) and the remaining 61 was determined primarily by comparable company and industry multiples or discounted cash flow models. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Asset Management Business The performance of the funds we manage, and our performance, may be adversely affected by the financial performance of portfolio companies of the funds we manage and the industries in which the funds we manage invest in the 2023 Annual Report for discussion regarding certain industry-specific risks that could affect the fair value of certain of the portfolio company investments of the funds we manage. 
 
 In certain funds we manage, generally in our equity strategy, the Company does not earn performance fees until the investors have achieved cumulative investment returns on invested capital (including management fees and expenses) in excess of an 8 hurdle rate. Additionally, certain of the credit funds we manage have various performance fee rates and hurdle rates. Certain of 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 the credit funds we manage allocate performance fees to the general partner in a similar manner as the equity funds. In certain funds we manage, as long as the investors achieve their priority returns, there is a catch-up formula whereby the Company earns a priority return for a portion of the return until the Company s performance fees equate to its performance fee rate for that fund; thereafter, the Company participates in returns from the fund at the performance fee rate. Performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, are subject to reversal to the extent that the performance fees distributed exceed the amount due to the general partner based on a fund s cumulative investment returns. The Company recognizes potential repayment of previously received performance fees as a general partner obligation representing all amounts previously distributed to the general partner that would need to be repaid to the Apollo funds if these funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying fund s investments as of the reporting date. The actual general partner obligation, however, would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s life or as otherwise set forth in the respective limited partnership agreement of the fund. 
 
 The table below presents an analysis of Apollo s (i) performance fees receivable on an unconsolidated basis, (ii) unrealized performance fees and (iii) realized performance fees, inclusive of realized incentive fees: 
 
 September 30, 2024 Performance Fees for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Performance Fees for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (In millions) Performance Fees Receivable on an Unconsolidated Basis Unrealized Realized Total Unrealized Realized Total Accord and Accord+ Funds 100 5 14 19 27 14 41 AIOF I and II 39 8 8 20 20 ANRP I, II and III 1 
 63 10 1 11 40 1 41 Athora 73 (22) (22) (26) (26) Credit Strategies 91 43 4 47 84 8 92 EPF Funds 1 
 21 (3) 8 5 FCI Funds 89 (1) (1) 3 3 Freedom Parent Holdings 29 (66) 87 21 (34) 87 53 Fund X 138 28 28 137 137 Fund IX 1,536 (143) 209 66 (178) 392 214 Fund VIII 2 
 27 (106) 1 (105) (127) 3 (124) Fund VII (26) 27 1 Fund VI 29 2 2 7 7 HVF I 59 1 1 14 4 18 HVF II 113 49 49 113 113 MidCap Financial 34 2 10 12 5 30 35 Redding Ridge Holdings 
 150 20 11 31 39 28 67 Other 1,3 
 606 30 48 78 125 145 270 Total 3,197 (142) 387 245 213 754 967 Total, net of profit sharing payable 4 /expense 
 1,433 (77) 147 70 84 327 411 1 As of September 30, 2024, certain funds had 202 million in general partner obligations to return previously distributed performance fees. The fair value gain on investments and income at the fund level needed to reverse the general partner obligations was 1.8 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 2 As of September 30, 2024, the remaining investments and escrow cash of Fund VIII was valued at 90 of the fund s unreturned capital, which was below the required escrow ratio of 115 . As a result, the fund is required to place in escrow current and future performance fee distributions to the general partner until the specified return ratio of 115 is met (at the time of a future distribution) or upon liquidation. As of September 30, 2024, Fund VIII had 86 million of gross performance fees or 47 million net of profit sharing, in escrow. With respect to Fund VIII, realized performance fees currently distributed to the general partner are limited to potential tax distributions and interest on escrow balances per the fund s partnership agreement. Performance fees receivable as of September 30, 2024 and realized performance fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include interest earned on escrow balances that is not subject to contingent repayment. 
 3 Other includes certain SIAs. 
 4 There was a corresponding profit sharing payable of 1.8 billion as of September 30, 2024, including profit sharing payable related to amounts in escrow and contingent consideration obligations of 55 million. 

The general partners of cert ain of the funds we manage accrue performance fees, categorized as performance allocations, when the fair value of investments exceeds the cost basis of the individual investors investments in the fund, including any allocable share of expenses incurred in connection with such investments, which we refer to as high water marks. These high water 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 marks are applied on an individual investor basis. Certain of the funds we manage have investors with various high water marks, the achievement of which is subject to market conditions and investment performance. 
 
 Performance fees from certain funds we manage are subject to contingent repayment by the general partner in the event of future losses to the extent that the cumulative performance fees distributed from inception to date exceeds the amount computed as due to the general partner at the final distribution. These general partner obligations, if applicable, are included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 The following table summarizes our performance fees since inception through September 30, 2024: 
 
 Performance Fees Since Inception 1 
 (In millions) Undistributed by Fund and Recognized Distributed by Fund and Recognized 2 
 Total Undistributed and Distributed by Fund and Recognized 3 
 General Partner Obligation 3 
 Maximum Performance Fees Subject to Potential Reversal 4 
 Accord and Accord+ Funds 100 27 127 100 AIOF I and II 39 63 102 72 ANRP I, II and III 63 162 225 23 77 Athora 73 73 73 Credit Strategies 91 373 464 88 EPF Funds 21 539 560 118 140 FCI Funds 89 24 113 89 Freedom Parent Holdings 29 87 116 29 Fund X 138 138 138 Fund IX 1,536 1,270 2,806 2,256 Fund VIII 27 1,779 1,806 40 1,157 Fund VII 3,271 3,271 Fund VI 29 1,664 1,693 Fund IV and Fund V 2,023 2,023 1 HVF I 59 246 305 180 HVF II 113 113 113 MidCap Financial 34 166 200 34 Redding Ridge Holdings 150 150 123 Other 5 
 606 2,623 3,229 20 724 Total 3,197 14,317 17,514 202 5,393 1 Certain funds are denominated in euros and historical figures are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.11 as of September 30, 2024. Certain funds are denominated in pounds sterling and historical figures are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.00 to 1.34 as of September 30, 2024. 
 2 Amounts in Distributed by Fund and Recognized for the Citi Property Investors CPI ), Gulf Stream Asset Management, LLC Gulf Stream ), Stone Tower Capital LLC and its related companies Stone Tower funds and SIAs are presented for activity subsequent to the respective acquisition dates. Amounts exclude certain performance fees from business development companies and Redding Ridge Holdings LP Redding Ridge Holdings ), an affiliate of Redding Ridge. 
 3 Amounts were computed based on the fair value of fund investments on September 30, 2024. Performance fees have been allocated to and recognized by the general partner. Based on the amount allocated, a portion is subject to potential reversal or, to the extent applicable, has been reduced by the general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees at September 30, 2024. The actual determination and any required payment of any such general partner obligation would not take place until the final disposition of the fund s investments based on contractual termination of the fund. 
 4 Represents the amount of performance fees that would be reversed if remaining fund investments became worthless on September 30, 2024. Amounts subject to potential reversal of performance fees include amounts undistributed by a fund i.e. , the performance fees receivable), as well as a portion of the amounts that have been distributed by a fund, net of taxes and not subject to a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees, except for those funds that are gross of taxes as defined in the respective funds governing documents. 
 5 Other includes certain SIAs. 

Expenses 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 The most significant expense in our asset management business is compensation and benefits expense. This consists of fixed salary, discretionary and non-discretionary bonuses, profit sharing expense associated with the performance fees earned and compensation expense associated with the vesting of non-cash equity-based awards. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Our compensation arrangements with certain employees contain a significant performance-based incentive component. Therefore, as our net revenues increase, our compensation costs rise. Our compensation costs also reflect the increased investment in people as we expand geographically and create new funds. 
 
 In addition, certain professionals and selected other individuals have a profit sharing interest in the performance fees earned in order to better align their interests with our own and with those of the investors in the funds we manage. Profit sharing expense is part of our compensation and benefits expense and is generally based upon a fixed percentage of performance fees. Certain of our performance-based incentive arrangements provide for compensation based on realized performance fees which includes fees earned by the general partners of the funds we manage under the applicable fund limited partnership agreements based upon transactions that have closed or other rights to incentive income cash that have become fixed in the applicable calendar year period. Profit sharing expense can reverse during periods when there is a decline in performance fees that were previously recognized. Profit sharing amounts are normally distributed to employees after the corresponding investment gains have been realized and generally before preferred returns are achieved for the investors. Therefore, changes in our unrealized performance fees have the same effect on our profit sharing expense. Profit sharing expense increases when unrealized performance fees increase. Realizations only impact profit sharing expense to the extent that the effects on investments have not been recognized previously. If losses on other investments within a fund are subsequently realized, the profit sharing amounts previously distributed are normally subject to a general partner obligation to return performance fees previously distributed back to the funds. This general partner obligation due to the funds would be realized only when the fund is liquidated, which generally occurs at the end of the fund s term. However, indemnification obligations also exist for realized gains with respect to certain funds, which, although our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners would remain personally liable, may indemnify our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners for 17.5 to 100 of the previously distributed profits regardless of the fund s future performance. See note 15 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s indemnification liability. 
 
 The Company grants equity awards to certain employees, including RSUs and restricted shares of common stock, that generally vest and become exercisable in quarterly installments or annual installments depending on the award terms. In some instances, vesting of an RSU is also subject to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. See note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of equity-based compensation. 
 
 Other expenses 
 
 The balance of our other expenses includes interest, placement fees, and general, administrative and other operating expenses. Interest expense consists primarily of interest related to the senior and subordinated notes as discussed in note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Placement fees are incurred in connection with our capital raising activities. In cases where the limited partners of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract, and amortized over the life of the customer contract. General, administrative and other expenses includes occupancy expense, depreciation and amortization, professional fees and costs related to travel, information technology and administration. Occupancy expense represents charges related to office leases and associated expenses, such as utilities and maintenance fees. Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets is normally calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from two to sixteen years, taking into consideration any residual value. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the expected term of the lease. Intangible assets are amortized based on the future cash flows over the expected useful lives of the assets. 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 
 
 Net gains (losses) from investment activities include both realized gains and losses and the change in unrealized gains and losses in our investment portfolio between the opening reporting date and the closing reporting date. Net unrealized gains (losses) are a result of changes in the fair value of unrealized investments and reversal of unrealized gains (losses) due to dispositions of investments during the reporting period. Significant judgment and estimation goes into the assumptions that drive these models and the actual values realized with respect to investments could be materially different from values obtained based on the use of those models. The valuation methodologies applied impact the reported value of investment company holdings and their underlying portfolios in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities of Consolidated Variable Interest Entities VIEs 
 
 Changes in the fair value of the consolidated VIEs assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income and expenses subsequent to consolidation are presented within net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities and are attributable to non-controlling interests in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Other Income (Losses), Net 
 
 Other income (losses), net includes gains (losses) arising from the remeasurement of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, remeasurement of the tax receivable agreement liability and other miscellaneous non-operating income and expenses. 
 
 Financial Measures under U.S. GAAP - Retirement Services 
 
 The following discussion of financial measures under U.S. GAAP is based on the Company s retirement services business, which is operated by Athene, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Premiums 
 
 Premiums for long-duration contracts, including products with fixed and guaranteed premiums and benefits, are recognized as revenue when due from policyholders. Insurance revenues are reported net of reinsurance ceded. 
 
 Product charges 
 
 Revenues for universal life-type policies and investment contracts, including surrender and market value adjustments, costs of insurance, policy administration, GMDB, GLWB and no-lapse guarantee charges, are earned when assessed against policyholder account balances during the period. 
 
 Net investment income 
 
 Net investment income is a significant component of Athene s total revenues. Athene recognizes investment income as it accrues or is legally due, net of investment management and custody fees. Investment income on fixed maturity securities includes coupon interest, as well as the amortization of any premium and the accretion of any discount. Investment income on equity securities represents dividend income and preferred coupon interest. 
 
 Investment related gains (losses) 
 
 Investment related gains (losses) primarily consist of (i) realized gains and losses on sales of investments, (ii) unrealized gains or losses relating to identified risks within AFS securities in fair value hedging relationships, (iii) gains and losses on trading securities, (iv) gains and losses on equity securities, (v) changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives and derivatives not designated as a hedge, (vi) changes in the fair value of mortgage loan assets and (vii) changes in the provision for credit losses. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Interest sensitive contract benefits 
 
 Universal life-type policies and investment contracts include traditional deferred annuities, indexed annuities consisting of fixed indexed and index-linked variable annuities in the accumulation phase, funding agreements, immediate annuities without significant mortality risk (which include pension group annuities without life contingencies), universal life insurance, and other investment contracts inclusive of assumed endowments without significant mortality risk. Liabilities for traditional deferred annuities, indexed annuities, funding agreements and universal life insurance are carried at the account balances without reduction for potential surrender or withdrawal charges, except for a block of universal life business ceded to Global Atlantic which is carried at fair value. Fixed indexed annuity, index-linked variable annuity and indexed universal life insurance contracts contain an embedded derivative. Benefit reserves for these contracts are reported as the sum of the fair value of the embedded derivative and the host (or guaranteed) component of the contracts. Liabilities for immediate annuities without 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 significant mortality risk are calculated as the present value of future liability cash flows and policy maintenance expenses discounted at contractual interest rates. Certain contracts are offered with additional contract features that meet the definition of a market risk benefit. See Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses below for further information. 
 
 Changes in interest sensitive contract liabilities, excluding deposits and withdrawals, are recorded in interest sensitive contract benefits or product charges on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Future policy and other policy benefits 
 
 Athene issues contracts classified as long-duration, which include term and whole life, accident and health, disability, and deferred and immediate annuities with life contingencies (which include pension group annuities with life contingencies). 
 
 Liabilities for nonparticipating long-duration contracts are established as the estimated present value of benefits Athene expects to pay to or on behalf of the policyholder and related expenses less the present value of the net premiums to be collected, referred to as the net premium ratio. Liabilities for nonparticipating long-duration contracts are established using accepted actuarial valuation methods which require the use of assumptions related to discount rate, expenses, longevity, mortality, morbidity, persistency and other policyholder behavior. The liability for nonparticipating long-duration contracts is discounted using an upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yield aligned to the characteristics of the liability, including the duration and currency of the underlying cash flows. 
 
 Changes in the value of the liability for nonparticipating long-duration contracts due to changes in the discount rate are recognized as a component of OCI on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the liability for the remeasurement gains or losses and all other changes in the liability are recorded in future policy and other policy benefits on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Future policy benefits include liabilities for no-lapse guarantees on universal life insurance and fixed indexed universal life insurance. Each reporting period, expected excess benefits and assessments are updated with actual excess benefits and assessments and the liability balance is adjusted due to the OCI effects of unrealized investment gains and losses on AFS securities. 
 
 Changes in the liabilities associated with no-lapse guarantees, other than the adjustment for the OCI effects of unrealized investment gains and losses on AFS securities, are recorded in future policy and other policy benefits on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses 
 
 Market risk benefits represent contracts or contract features that both provide protection to the contract holder from, and expose the insurance entity to, other-than-nominal capital market risk. Athene s deferred annuity contracts contain GLWB and GMDB riders that meet the criteria for, and are classified as, market risk benefits. 
 
 Market risk benefits are measured at fair value at the contract level and may be recorded as a liability or an asset, which are included in market risk benefits or other assets, respectively, on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Fees and assessments collectible from the policyholder at contract inception are allocated to the extent they are attributable to the market risk benefit. If the fees are sufficient to cover the projected benefits, a non-option based valuation model is used. If the fees are insufficient to cover the projected benefits, an option-based valuation model is used to compute the market risk benefit liability at contract inception, with an equal and offsetting adjustment recognized in interest sensitive contract liabilities. 
 
 Changes in fair value of market risk benefits are recorded in market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations, excluding portions attributed to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, which are recorded in OCI on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Ceded market risk benefits are measured at fair value and recorded within reinsurance recoverable on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements, and value of business acquired 
 
 Costs related directly to the successful acquisition of new, or the renewal of existing, insurance or investment contracts are deferred. These costs consist of commissions and policy issuance costs, as well as sales inducements credited to policyholder 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 account balances, and are included in deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 Deferred costs related to universal life-type policies and investment contracts with significant revenue streams from sources other than investment of the policyholder funds are grouped into cohorts based on issue year and contract type and amortized on a constant level basis over the expected term of the related contracts. The cohorts and assumptions used for the amortization of deferred costs are consistent with those used in estimating the related liabilities for these contracts. Deferred costs related to investment contracts without significant revenue streams from sources other than investment of the policyholder funds are amortized using the effective interest method. The effective interest method amortizes the deferred costs by discounting the future liability cash flows at a break-even rate. The break-even rate is solved for such that the present value of future liability cash flows is equal to the net liability at the inception of the contract. VOBA associated with acquired contracts can be either positive or negative and is amortized in relation to respective policyholder liabilities. Significant assumptions that impact VOBA amortization are consistent with those that impact the measurement of policyholder liabilities. 
 
 Amortization of DAC, DSI and VOBA is included in amortization of deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Policy and other operating expenses 
 
 Policy and other operating expenses include normal operating expenses, policy acquisition expenses, interest expense, dividends to policyholders, integration, restructuring and other non-operating expenses and stock compensation expenses. 
 
 Other Financial Measures under U.S. GAAP 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and in evaluating income tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We recognize the income tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on the technical merits of the positions. The tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. If a tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained, then no benefits of the position are recognized. The Company s income tax positions are reviewed and evaluated quarterly to determine whether or not we have uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition or de-recognition. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences, using currently enacted tax rates, of differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 
 For entities that are consolidated, but not 100 owned, a portion of the income or loss and corresponding equity is allocated to owners other than Apollo. The aggregate of the income or loss and corresponding equity that is not owned by the Company is included in non-controlling interests in the condensed consolidated financial statements. Non-controlling interests primarily include limited partner interests in certain consolidated funds and VIEs. 
 
 The authoritative guidance for non-controlling interests in the condensed consolidated financial statements requires reporting entities to present non-controlling interest as equity and provides guidance on the accounting for transactions between an entity and non-controlling interests. According to the guidance, (1) non-controlling interests are presented as a separate component of stockholders equity on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, (2) net income (loss) includes the net income (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest holders on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations, and (3) profits and losses are allocated to non-controlling interests in proportion to their ownership interests regardless of their basis. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Below is a discussion of our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For additional analysis of the factors that affected our results at the segment level, see Segment Analysis below: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change Nine months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change (In millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Asset Management Management fees 476 462 14 3.0 1,376 1,328 48 3.6 Advisory and transaction fees, net 181 157 24 15.3 617 482 135 28.0 Investment income (loss) 230 292 (62) (21.2) 910 882 28 3.2 Incentive fees 35 18 17 94.4 108 59 49 83.1 922 929 (7) (0.8) 3,011 2,751 260 9.5 Retirement Services Premiums 389 26 363 NM 1,163 9,163 (8,000) (87.3) Product charges 267 217 50 23.0 756 622 134 21.5 Net investment income 4,101 3,166 935 29.5 11,481 8,726 2,755 31.6 Investment related gains (losses) 1,539 (2,624) 4,163 NM 3,082 (1,193) 4,275 NM Revenues of consolidated variable interest entities 552 318 234 73.6 1,329 946 383 40.5 Other revenues 3 563 (560) (99.5) 9 583 (574) (98.5) 6,851 1,666 5,185 311.2 17,820 18,847 (1,027) (5.4) Total Revenues 7,773 2,595 5,178 199.5 20,831 21,598 (767) (3.6) Expenses Asset Management Compensation and benefits: Salary, bonus and benefits 291 254 37 14.6 851 766 85 11.1 Equity-based compensation 124 129 (5) (3.9) 442 379 63 16.6 Profit sharing expense 190 174 16 9.2 583 598 (15) (2.5) Total compensation and benefits 605 557 48 8.6 1,876 1,743 133 7.6 Interest expense 55 36 19 52.8 159 98 61 62.2 General, administrative and other 326 220 106 48.2 885 643 242 37.6 986 813 173 21.3 2,920 2,484 436 17.6 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract benefits 2,599 333 2,266 NM 7,307 3,634 3,673 101.1 Future policy and other policy benefits 793 368 425 115.5 2,431 10,346 (7,915) (76.5) Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses 524 (441) 965 NM 354 (166) 520 NM Amortization of deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducements and value of business acquired 244 211 33 15.6 678 502 176 35.1 Policy and other operating expenses 670 467 203 43.5 1,601 1,356 245 18.1 4,830 938 3,892 414.9 12,371 15,672 (3,301) (21.1) Total Expenses 5,816 1,751 4,065 232.2 15,291 18,156 (2,865) (15.8) Other income (loss) Asset Management 
 Net gains (losses) from investment activities 15 (32) 47 NM 33 (14) 47 NM Net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities 44 49 (5) (10.2) 70 95 (25) (26.3) Other income (loss), net 70 22 48 218.2 68 102 (34) (33.3) Total Other income (loss) 129 39 90 230.8 171 183 (12) (6.6) Income (loss) before income tax (provision) benefit 2,086 883 1,203 136.2 5,711 3,625 2,086 57.5 Income tax (provision) benefit (317) (243) (74) 30.5 (1,000) (697) (303) 43.5 Net income (loss) 1,769 640 1,129 176.4 4,711 2,928 1,783 60.9 Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (958) 42 (1,000) NM (1,620) (637) (983) 154.3 Net income (loss) attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. 811 682 129 18.9 3,091 2,291 800 34.9 Preferred stock dividends (24) (22) (2) 9.1 (73) (22) (51) 231.8 Net income (loss) available to Apollo Global Management, Inc. common stockholders 787 660 127 19.2 3,018 2,269 749 33.0 Note: NM denotes not meaningful. Changes from negative to positive amounts and positive to negative amounts are not considered meaningful. Increases or decreases from zero and changes greater than 500 are also not considered meaningful. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues were 922 million in 2024, a decrease of 7 million from 929 million in 2023, primarily driven by lower investment income, partially offset by an increase in advisory and transaction fees, net. Investment income decreased 62 million in 2024 to 230 million compared to 292 million in 2023. The decrease in investment income of 62 million in 2024 was driven by decreases in performance allocations and principal investment income of 40 million and 22 million, respectively. 
 
 Significant drivers for performance allocations in 2024 were performance allocations primarily earned from Fund IX, HVF II, Credit Strategies, Redding Ridge Holdings, Fund X and Freedom Parent Holdings of 74 million, 49 million, 47 million, 31 million, 28 million and 21 million, respectively, partially offset by performance allocation losses from Fund VIII of 103 million. 
 
 See below for details on the respective performance allocations in 2024. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Fund IX in 2024 were primarily driven by appreciation and realization of the fund s investments in the (i) manufacturing and industrial and (ii) consumer services sectors, and the fund s distressed investments. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from HVF II in 2024 were primarily driven by appreciation of the fund s investments in private portfolio companies in the (i) consumer and retail, (ii) consumer services and (iii) manufacturing and industrial sectors. Moreover, the fund achieved its annualized hurdle rate in 2024. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Credit Strategies in 2024 were driven by the net income generated by the fund s investments. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Redding Ridge Holdings in 2024 were primarily driven by existing and new CLO issuances, CLO contract acquisitions, new consulting contracts and the accumulation of warehouse assets. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Fund X in 2024 were primarily driven by the appreciation and realization of the fund s investments in the (i) manufacturing and industrial and (ii) consumer and retail sectors, and the fund s distressed investments. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Freedom Parent Holdings in 2024 were primarily driven by the appreciation of its investment in Wheels, a U.S. corporate fleet lessor platform. 
 
 The performance allocation losses from Fund VIII in 2024 were primarily driven by the depreciation of the fund s investments in the (i) media, telecom and technology, (ii) leisure and (iii) consumer services sectors. 
 
 Advisory and transaction fees increased by 24 million to 181 million in 2024 from 157 million in 2023. Advisory and transaction fees were primarily attributable to fees earned from companies in the (i) business services, (ii) consumer and retail, (iii) financial services and (iv) media, telecom and technology sectors. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Expenses were 986 million in 2024, an increase of 173 million from 813 million in 2023 due to increases in general, administrative and other and total compensation and benefits expenses. 
 
 General, administrative and other expenses were 326 million in 2024, an increase of 106 million from 220 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily driven by 72 million related to equity interests issued by a subsidiary as part of a 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 restructuring of such entity. Additionally, increases in professional fees, higher travel and entertainment expenses, placement fees, and higher depreciation and amortization also contributed to the higher general, administrative and other expenses in 2024. 
 
 Total compensation and benefits were 605 million in 2024, an increase of 48 million from 557 million in 2023, primarily due to increases in salary, bonus and benefits and profit sharing expense of 37 million and 16 million, respectively. The increase in salary, bonus and benefits of 37 million was primarily driven by growth in revenues and increased headcount in 2024. The increase in profit sharing expense was primarily driven by the performance fees included within investment income in 2024. In any period, the blended profit sharing percentage is impacted by the respective profit sharing ratios of the funds generating performance allocations in the period. 
 
 Interest expense was 55 million in 2024, an increase of 19 million from 36 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily driven by higher interest expense from debt issued in the second quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Other income (loss) was 129 million in 2024, an increase of 90 million from 39 million in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by increases in other income (loss), net and net gains (losses) from investment activities of 48 million and 47 million, respectively. 
 
 The increase in other income, net of 48 million in 2024 was primarily attributable to foreign currency gains and gains from changes in the tax receivable agreement liability. The increase in net gains from investment activities of 47 million was primarily driven by the appreciation in the Company s investment in Global Business Travel Group, Inc. 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Retirement Services revenues were 6.9 billion in 2024, an increase of 5.2 billion from 1.7 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in investment related gains (losses), an increase in net investment income, an increase in premiums and an increase in revenues of consolidated VIEs, partially offset by a decrease in other revenues. 
 
 Investment related gains (losses) were 1.5 billion in 2024, an increase of 4.2 billion from (2.6) billion in 2023, primarily due to the favorable change in fair value of mortgage loans, FIA hedging derivatives, reinsurance assets and trading securities, partially offset by unfavorable net foreign exchange impacts. The change in fair value of mortgage loans increased 1.7 billion, the change in fair value of reinsurance assets increased 1.5 billion and the change in fair value of trading securities increased 144 million, primarily driven by a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023. The change in fair value of FIA hedging derivatives increased 1.6 billion , primarily driven by favorable performance of the equity indices upon which Athene s call options are based. The largest percentage of Athene s call options are based on the S P 500 index, which increased 5.5 in 2024, compared to a decrease of 3.6 in 2023. The unfavorable net foreign exchange impacts were primarily related to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Net investment income was 4.1 billion in 2024, an increase of 935 million from 3.2 billion in 2023, primarily driven by significant growth in Athene s investment portfolio attributable to strong net flows during the previous twelve months and higher rates on new deployment in comparison to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment. 
 
 Premiums were 389 million in 2024, an increase of 363 million from 26 million in 2023, primarily driven by a 294 million increase in pension group annuity premiums compared to 2023, as well as an increase in life premiums attributable to a block reinsurance transaction completed in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 Revenues of consolidated VIEs were 552 million in 2024, an increase of 234 million from 318 million in 2023, primarily driven by unrealized gains on assets held by AAA and a favorable change in the fair value of mortgage loans held in VIEs related to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023. 
 
 Other revenues were 3 million in 2024, a decrease of 560 million from 563 million in 2023, primarily driven by the 555 million gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses 
 
 Retirement Services expenses were 4.8 billion in 2024, an increase of 3.9 billion from 938 million in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in interest sensitive contract benefits, an increase in market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses, an increase in future policy and other policy benefits, an increase in policy and other operating expenses and an increase in DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization . Athene s annual unlocking of assumptions resulted in an increase in total benefits and expenses of 31 million compared to a decrease of 22 million in 2023. The 2024 unlocking was driven by an increase of 62 million in market risk benefits, an increase of 21 million related to DAC, DSI and VOBA and an increase of 8 million in interest sensitive contract benefits, partially offset by a decrease of 60 million in future policy and other policy benefits, compared to a decrease of 94 million in interest sensitive contract benefits and a decrease of 45 million in future policy and other policy benefits, partially offset by an increase of 81 million in market risk benefits and an increase of 36 million related to DAC, DSI and VOBA in 2023. 
 
 Interest sensitive contract benefits were 2.6 billion in 2024, an increase of 2.3 billion from 333 million in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in the change in Athene s fixed indexed annuity reserves, significant growth in its deferred annuity and funding agreement blocks of business, higher rates on new deferred annuity and funding agreement issuances in comparison to its existing blocks of business and an unfavorable change in unlocking. The change in Athene s fixed indexed annuity reserves includes the impact from changes in the fair value of FIA embedded derivatives. The increase in the change in fair value of FIA embedded derivatives of 1.5 billion was primarily due to the performance of the equity indices to which Athene s FIA policies are linked. The largest percentage of Athene s FIA policies are linked to the S P 500 index, which increased 5.5 in 2024, compared to a decrease of 3.6 in 2023. The change in fair value of FIA embedded derivatives was also driven by the unfavorable change in discount rates used in Athene s embedded derivative calculations as 2024 experienced a decrease in discount rates compared to an increase in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by the favorable impact of rates on policyholder projected benefits. The fair value of FIA embedded derivatives unlocking in 2024 was 67 million unfavorable primarily due to changes to projected interest crediting, while 2023 unlocking was 20 million favorable primarily due to changes to projected interest crediting, partially offset by an increase in lapse and risk margin assumptions. The negative VOBA unlocking related to Athene s interest sensitive contract liabilities in 2024 was 59 million favorable mainly due to updated economics and an increase in lapse assumptions, while 2023 unlocking was 74 million favorable mainly due to an increase in lapse assumptions. 
 
 Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses were 524 million in 2024, an increase of 965 million from (441) million in 2023. The losses in 2024 compared to gains in 2023 were primarily driven by an unfavorable change in the fair value of market risk benefits, partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking. The change in fair value of market risk benefits was 1.0 billion unfavorable compared to 2023 due to a decrease in the risk-free discount rate across the curve, which is used in the fair value measurement of the liability for market risk benefits. This impact was partially offset by a favorable change in fair value of market risk benefits of 69 million related to the favorable equity market performance compared to 2023. The market risk benefits unlocking in 2024 was 62 million unfavorable primarily due to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and enhanced income utilization assumptions, while 2023 unlocking was 81 million unfavorable primarily due to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and income rider restart assumptions. 
 
 Future policy and other policy benefits were 793 million in 2024, an increase of 425 million from 368 million in 2023, primarily driven by a 294 million increase in pension group annuity obligations compared to 2023 and an increase in the change in the AmerUs Closed Block fair value liability, partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking . The change in the AmerUs Closed Block fair value liability was primarily due to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023 . Unlocking in 2024 was 60 million favorable consisting of 104 million of favorable future policy benefit reserve unlocking, partially offset by 44 million of unfavorable negative VOBA and deferred profit liability unlocking. The favorable unlocking primarily related to favorable projected mortality lowering future benefit payments, partially offset by an increase in the lump sum payment utilization assumption. Unlocking in 2023 was 45 million favorable consisting of 297 million of favorable future policy benefit reserve unlocking, partially offset by 252 million of unfavorable negative VOBA and deferred profit liability unlocking. The favorable unlocking primarily related to higher interest rates and favorable mortality experience lowering future benefit payments. 
 
 Policy and other operating expenses were 670 million in 2024, an increase of 203 million from 467 million in 2023, primarily driven by the recognition of 172 million of expense related to estimated guaranty association assessments Athene expects to be levied against it in connection with the Bankers Life Insurance Company and Colorado Bankers Life Insurance Company insolvencies, as well as an increase in general operating expenses attributable to growth in the business. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization was 244 million in 2024, an increase of 33 million from 211 million in 2023 , primarily due to growth in Athene s retail channel, partially offset by lower VOBA amortization and a favorable change in unlocking. Unlocking in 2024 was 21 million unfavorable mainly related to changes to projected interest crediting and an increase in lapse assumptions, while unlocking in 2023 was 36 million unfavorable mainly related to an increase in lapse assumptions and changes to projected interest crediting. 
 
 Income Tax (Provision) Benefit 
 
 The Company s income tax provision totaled 317 million and 243 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change to the provision was primarily related to the increase in pretax income subject to income tax. The provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local and foreign income taxes resulting in an effective income tax rate of 15.2 and 27.5 for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The most significant reconciling items between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate were due to the following: (i) foreign, state and local income taxes, including NYC UBT, (ii) income attributable to non-controlling interests and (iii) equity-based compensation net of the limiting provisions for executive compensation under IRC Section 162(m). During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company experienced a decrease to its consolidated effective income tax rate due to the one-time deferred tax benefit resulting from the enactment of the Bermuda Corporate Income Tax CIT ). The Company does not expect a material increase to its consolidated effective tax rate or earnings and results of operations as a result of the utilization of the deferred tax assets, though the Company can provide no assurance that the impacts will not be material in future years (see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the Company s income tax provision). 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues were 3,011 million in 2024, an increase of 260 million from 2,751 million in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in advisory and transaction fees, net, incentive fees and management fees. 
 
 Advisory and transaction fees increased by 135 million to 617 million in 2024 from 482 million in 2023. Advisory and transaction fees earned during 2024 were primarily attributable to advisory and transaction fees earned from companies in the (i) media, telecom and technology, (ii) financial services and (iii) business services sectors. 
 
 Incentive fees increased by 49 million to 108 million in 2024 from 59 million in 2023, primarily attributable to incentive fees earned from ADS of 40 million, reflecting the growing contribution from Apollo s wealth-focused products. 
 
 Management fees increased by 48 million to 1,376 million in 2024 from 1,328 million in 2023. The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to management fees earned from ADS and Athora of 35 million and 9 million, respectively, driven by an increase in subscriptions and higher fee-generating AUM. 
 
 Investment income moderated in 2024, increasing 28 million to 910 million compared to 882 million in 2023. The increase in investment income in 2024 was driven by an increase in performance allocations of 84 million, partially offset by a decrease in principal investment income of 56 million. 
 
 Significant drivers for performance allocations in 2024 were performance allocations primarily earned from Fund IX, Fund X, HVF II, Credit Strategies, Redding Ridge Holdings and Freedom Parent Holdings of 232 million, 137 million, 114 million, 92 million, 66 million and 53 million, respectively, partially offset by performance allocation losses from Fund VIII of 117 million. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 See below for details on the respective performance allocations in 2024. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Fund IX in 2024 were primarily driven by appreciation of the fund s investments in the (i) manufacturing and industrial and (ii) consumer services sectors, and the fund s distressed investments. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Fund X in 2024 were primarily driven by the appreciation and realization of the fund s investments in the (i) manufacturing and industrial and (ii) consumer and retail sectors, and the fund s distressed investments. Moreover, the fund achieved its annualized hurdle rate in 2024. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from HVF II in 2024 were primarily driven by the appreciation of the fund s investments in private portfolio companies in the (i) consumer and retail, (ii) consumer services and (iii) manufacturing and industrial sectors. HVF II also achieved its annualized hurdle rate in 2024. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Credit Strategies in 2024 were driven by the net income generated by the fund s investments. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Redding Ridge Holdings in 2024 were primarily driven by existing and new CLO issuances, CLO contract acquisitions, new consulting contracts and the accumulation of warehouse assets. 
 
 The performance allocations earned from Freedom Parent Holdings in 2024 were primarily driven by the appreciation of its investment in Wheels. 
 
 The performance allocation losses from Fund VIII in 2024 were primarily driven by the depreciation of the fund s investments in the (i) media, telecom and technology, (ii) leisure and (iii) consumer services sectors. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Expenses were 2,920 million in 2024, an increase of 436 million from 2,484 million in 2023, primarily due to increases in general, administrative and other and total compensation and benefits expenses. General, administrative and other expenses were 885 million in 2024, an increase of 242 million from 643 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily driven by 72 million related to equity interests issued by a subsidiary as part of a restructuring of such entity, as well as 18 million of fund merger-related costs. Additionally, increases in professional fees, higher travel and entertainment expenses and placement fees also contributed to the higher general, administrative and other expenses in 2024. 
 
 Total compensation and benefits were 1,876 million in 2024, an increase of 133 million from 1,743 million in 2023, primarily due to increases in salary, bonus and benefits and equity-based compensation of 85 million and 63 million, respectively. The increase in salary, bonus and benefits of 85 million was primarily driven by the growth in revenues and increased headcount in 2024. Equity-based compensation expense, in any given period, is generally comprised of: (i) performance grants which are tied to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods and are typically recognized on an accelerated recognition method over the requisite service period to the extent the performance revenue metrics are met or deemed probable, and (ii) the impact of the 2021 one-time grants awarded to the Co-Presidents, all of which vest on a cliff basis subject to continued employment over five years, and a portion of which also vest on the Company s achievement of FRE and SRE per share metrics. 
 
 Interest expense was 159 million in 2024, an increase of 61 million from 98 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily driven by higher interest expense from debt issued in 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Other income (loss) was 171 million in 2024, a decrease of 12 million from 183 million in 2023. This decrease was driven by decreases in other income (loss), net and net gains (losses) from investment activities of consolidated variable interest entities of 34 million and 25 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in net gains (losses) from investment activities of 47 million. 
 
 Other income in 2023 was primarily attributable to interest income earned on the Company s money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities, as a result of the rising interest rate environment and derivatives gains, which were offset, in part, by losses 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 from certain of the Company s balance sheet investments and consolidated SPACs. Other income of 171 million in 2024 was primarily attributable to net gains from consolidated VIEs, as well as interest income earned on the Company s money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities, partially offset by an increase in earnout expense associated with a previous acquisition. 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Retirement Services revenues were 17.8 billion in 2024, a decrease of 1.0 billion from 18.8 billion in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in premiums and a decrease in other revenues, partially offset by an increase in investment related gains (losses), an increase in net investment income and an increase in revenues of consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Premiums were 1.2 billion in 2024, a decrease of 8.0 billion from 9.2 billion in 2023, primarily driven by an 8.2 billion decrease in pension group annuity premiums compared to 2023, partially offset by an increase in life premiums attributable to a block reinsurance transaction completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 . 
 
 Other revenues were 9 million in 2024, a decrease of 574 million from 583 million in 2023, primarily driven by the 555 million gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. 
 
 Investment related gains (losses) were 3.1 billion in 2024, an increase of 4.3 billion from (1.2) billion in 2023, primarily due to the change in fair value of FIA hedging derivatives, mortgage loans, reinsurance assets and trading securities, as well as a favorable change in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by unfavorable net foreign exchange impacts. The change in fair value of FIA hedging derivatives increased 2.0 billion , primarily driven by the favorable performance of the equity indices upon which Athene s call options are based. The largest percentage of Athene s call options are based on the S P 500 index, which increased 20.8 in 2024, compared to an increase of 11.7 in 2023. The change in fair value of mortgage loans increased 1.6 billion, the change in fair value of reinsurance assets increased 1.0 billion and the change in fair value of trading securities increased 79 million primarily driven by a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023. The favorable change in the provision for credit losses of 123 million was primarily driven by intent-to-sell impairments in 2023 related to the timing of the recapture of certain business by VIAC and impacts from the Silicon Valley Bank failure. The unfavorable net foreign exchange impacts were primarily related to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Net investment income was 11.5 billion in 2024, an increase of 2.8 billion from 8.7 billion in 2023, primarily driven by significant growth in Athene s investment portfolio attributable to strong net flows during the previous twelve months, higher rates on new deployment in comparison to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment and higher floating rate income. 
 
 Revenues of consolidated VIEs were 1.3 billion in 2024, an increase of 383 million from 946 million in 2023, primarily driven by unrealized gains on assets held by AAA and a favorable change in the fair value of mortgage loans held in VIEs related to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Retirement Services expenses were 12.4 billion in 2024, a decrease of 3.3 billion from 15.7 billion in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in future policy and other policy benefits, partially offset by an increase in interest sensitive contract benefits, an increase in market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses, an increase in policy and other operating expenses and an increase in DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization . Athene s annual unlocking of assumptions resulted in an increase in total benefits and expenses of 31 million compared to a decrease of 22 million in 2023. The 2024 unlocking was driven by an increase of 62 million in market risk benefits, an increase of 21 million related to DAC, DSI and VOBA and an increase of 8 million in interest sensitive contract benefits, partially offset by a decrease of 60 million in future policy and other policy benefits, compared to a decrease of 94 million in interest sensitive contract benefits and a decrease of 45 million in future policy and other policy benefits, partially offset by an increase of 81 million in market risk benefits and an increase of 36 million related to DAC, DSI and VOBA in 2023. 
 
 Future policy and other policy benefits were 2.4 billion in 2024, a decrease of 7.9 billion from 10.3 billion in 2023, primarily driven by an 8.2 billion decrease in pension group annuity obligation s compared to 2023 and a favorable change in unlocking , partially offset by a 211 million increase in accrued interest and an increase in the change in the AmerUs Closed 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Block fair value liability . The increase in accrued interest was primarily attributable to a larger outstanding balance in 2024 compared to 2023 . The change in the AmerUs Closed Block fair value liability was primarily due to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates in 2024 compared to an increase in 2023 . Unlocking in 2024 was 60 million favorable consisting of 104 million of favorable future policy benefit reserve unlocking, partially offset by 44 million of unfavorable negative VOBA and deferred profit liability unlocking. The favorable unlocking primarily related to favorable projected mortality lowering future benefit payments, partially offset by an increase in the lump sum payment utilization assumption. Unlocking in 2023 was 45 million favorable consisting of 297 million of favorable future policy benefit reserve unlocking, partially offset by 252 million of unfavorable negative VOBA and deferred profit liability unlocking. The favorable unlocking primarily related to higher interest rates and favorable mortality experience lowering future benefit payments. 
 
 Interest sensitive contract benefits were 7.3 billion in 2024, an increase of 3.7 billion from 3.6 billion in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in the change in Athene s fixed indexed annuity reserves, significant growth in its deferred annuity and funding agreement blocks of business, higher rates on new deferred annuity and funding agreement issuances in comparison to its existing blocks of business, increased costs on floating rate funding agreements and an unfavorable change in unlocking. The change in Athene s fixed indexed annuity reserves includes the impact from changes in the fair value of FIA embedded derivatives. The increase in the change in fair value of FIA embedded derivatives of 993 million was primarily due to the performance of the equity indices to which Athene s FIA policies are linked. The largest percentage of Athene s FIA policies are linked to the S P 500 index, which increased 20.8 in 2024, compared to an increase of 11.7 in 2023. The change in fair value of FIA embedded derivatives was also driven by the unfavorable change in discount rates used in Athene s embedded derivative calculations as 2024 experienced a decrease in discount rates compared to an increase in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by the favorable impact of rates on policyholder projected benefits. The fair value of FIA embedded derivatives unlocking in 2024 was 67 million unfavorable primarily due to changes to projected interest crediting, while 2023 unlocking was 20 million favorable primarily due to changes to projected interest crediting, partially offset by an increase in lapse and risk margin assumptions. The negative VOBA unlocking related to Athene s interest sensitive contract liabilities in 2024 was 59 million favorable mainly due to updated economics and an increase in lapse assumptions, while 2023 unlocking was 74 million favorable mainly due to an increase in lapse assumptions. 
 
 Market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses were 354 million in 2024, an increase of 520 million from (166) million in 2023. The losses in 2024 compared to gains in 2023 were primarily driven by an unfavorable change in the fair value of market risk benefits, partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking. The change in fair value of market risk benefits was 573 million unfavorable compar ed to 2023 due to a decrease in t he risk-free discount rate across the curve, which is used in the fair value measurement of the liability for market risk benefits. This impact was partially offset by a favorable change in the fair value of market risk benefits of 89 million related to the favorable equity market performance compared to 2023. The market risk benefits unlocking in 2024 was 62 million unfavorable primarily due to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and enhanced income utilization assumptions, while 2023 unlocking was 81 million unfavorable primarily due to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and income rider restart assumptions. 
 
 Policy and other operating expenses were 1.6 billion in 2024, an increase of 245 million from 1.4 billion in 2023, primarily driven by the recognition of 172 million of expense related to estimated guaranty association assessments Athene expects to be levied against it in connection with the Bankers Life Insurance Company and Colorado Bankers Life Insurance Company insolvencies, as well as an increase in general operating expenses attributable to growth in the business. 
 
 DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization were 678 million in 2024, an increase of 176 million from 502 million in 2023 , primarily due to growth in Athene s retail channel, partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking. Unlocking in 2024 was 21 million unfavorable mainly related to changes to projected interest crediting and an increase in lapse assumptions, while unlocking in 2023 was 36 million unfavorable mainly related to an increase in lapse assumptions and changes to projected interest crediting. 
 
 Income Tax (Provision) Benefit 
 
 The Company s income tax provision totaled 1,000 million and 697 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change to the provision was primarily related to the increase in pretax income subject to income tax. The provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local and foreign income taxes resulting in an effective income tax rate of 17.5 and 19.2 for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The most significant reconciling items between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate were due to the following: (i) foreign, state and local income taxes, including NYC UBT, (ii) income attributable to non-controlling interests and (iii) equity-based compensation net of the limiting provisions for executive 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 compensation under IRC Section 162(m). During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company experienced a decrease to its consolidated effective income tax rate due to the one-time deferred tax benefit resulting from the enactment of the Bermuda CIT. The Company does not expect a material increase to its consolidated effective tax rate or earnings and results of operations as a result of the utilization of the deferred tax assets, though the Company can provide no assurance that the impacts will not be material in future years (see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the Company s income tax provision). 

Managing Business Performance - Key Segment and Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures 
 
 We believe that the presentation of Segment Income supplements a reader s understanding of the economic operating performance of each of our segments. 
 
 Segment Income and Adjusted Net Income 
 
 Segment Income is the key performance measure used by management in evaluating the performance of the Asset Management, Retirement Services, and Principal Investing segments. See note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the components of Segment Income and management s consideration of Segment Income. 
 
 We believe that Segment Income is helpful for an understanding of our business and that investors should review the same supplemental financial measure that management uses to analyze our segment performance. This measure supplements and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results of operations discussed above in Overview of Results of Operations that have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Adjusted Net Income ANI represents Segment Income less HoldCo interest and other financing costs and estimated income taxes. For purposes of calculating the Adjusted Net Income tax rate, Segment Income is reduced by HoldCo interest and financing costs. Income taxes on FRE and PII represents the total current corporate, local, and non-U.S. taxes as well as the current payable under Apollo s tax receivable agreement. Income taxes on FRE and PII excludes the impacts of deferred taxes and the remeasurement of the tax receivable agreement, which arise from changes in estimated future tax rates. Certain assumptions and methodologies that impact the implied FRE and PII income tax provision are similar to those used under U.S. GAAP. Specifically, certain deductions considered in the income tax provision under U.S. GAAP relating to transaction related charges, equity-based compensation, and tax deductible interest expense are taken into account for the implied tax provision. Income Taxes on SRE represent the total current and deferred tax expense or benefit on income before taxes adjusted to eliminate the impact of the tax expense or benefit associated with the non-operating adjustments. Management believes the methodologies used to compute income taxes on FRE, SRE, and PII are meaningful to each segment and increases comparability of income taxes between periods. 
 
 Fee Related Earnings, Spread Related Earnings and Principal Investing Income 
 
 Fee Related Earnings, or FRE , is a component of Segment Income that is used as a supplemental performance measure to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. 
 
 Spread Related Earnings, or SRE , is a component of Segment Income that is used as a supplemental performance measure to assess the performance of the Retirement Services segment, excluding certain market volatility, which consists of investment gains (losses), net of offsets and non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives, and certain expenses related to integration, restructuring, equity-based compensation, and other expenses. 
 
 Non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives includes the change in fair values of derivatives and embedded derivatives, non-operating change in funding agreements, change in fair value of market risk benefits, and non-operating change in liability for future policy benefits. 
 
 Principal Investing Income, or PII , is a component of Segment Income that is used as a supplemental performance measure to assess the performance of the Principal Investing segment. 
 
 See note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the components of FRE, SRE, and PII. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 We use Segment Income, ANI, FRE, SRE and PII as measures of operating performance, not as measures of liquidity. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other income data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The use of these measures without consideration of their related U.S. GAAP measures is not adequate due to the adjustments described above. 
 
 Net Invested Assets 
 
 In managing its business, Athene analyzes net invested assets, which does not correspond to total Athene investments, including investments in related parties, as disclosed in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition and notes thereto. Net invested assets represent the investments that directly back Athene s net reserve liabilities as well as surplus assets. Net invested assets is used in the computation of net investment earned rate, which is used to analyze the profitability of Athene s investment portfolio. Net invested assets include (a) total investments on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition with AFS securities, trading securities and mortgage loans at cost or amortized cost, excluding derivatives, (b) cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, (c) investments in related parties, (d) accrued investment income, (e) VIE assets, liabilities and non-controlling interest adjustments, (f) net investment payables and receivables, (g) policy loans ceded (which offset the direct policy loans in total investments) and (h) an adjustment for the allowance for credit losses. Net invested assets exclude the derivative collateral offsetting the related cash positions. Athene includes the underlying investments supporting its assumed funds withheld and modco agreements and excludes the underlying investments related to ceded reinsurance transactions in its net invested assets calculation in order to match the assets with the income received. Athene believes the adjustments for reinsurance provide a view of the assets for which it has economic exposure. Net invested assets include Athene s proportionate share of ACRA investments, based on its economic ownership, but do not include the proportionate share of investments associated with the non-controlling interests. Net invested assets are averaged over the number of quarters in the relevant period to compute a net investment earned rate for such period. While Athene believes net invested assets is a meaningful financial metric and enhances the understanding of the underlying drivers of its investment portfolio, it should not be used as a substitute for Athene s total investments, including related parties, presented under U.S. GAAP. 

Segment Analysis 
 
 Discussed below are our results of operations for each of our reportable segments. They represent the segment information available and utilized by management to assess performance and to allocate resources. See note 17 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our segment reporting. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 The following table presents Fee Related Earnings, the performance measure of our Asset Management segment. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change Nine months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change (In millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Asset Management: Management fees - Credit 518 431 87 20.2 1,465 1,242 223 18.0 Management fees - Equity 192 217 (25) (11.5) 569 603 (34) (5.6) Management fees 710 648 62 9.6 2,034 1,845 189 10.2 Capital solutions fees and other, net 159 146 13 8.9 508 422 86 20.4 Fee-related performance fees 57 40 17 42.5 155 102 53 52.0 Fee-related compensation (238) (212) 26 12.3 (698) (635) 63 9.9 Non-compensation expenses (157) (150) 7 4.7 (490) (423) 67 15.8 Fee Related Earnings (FRE) 531 472 59 12.5 1,509 1,311 198 15.1 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 FRE was 531 million in 2024, an increase of 59 million compared to 472 million in 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in fee related revenues, including management fees, fee-related performance fees and capital solutions fees and other, net. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to management fees earned from Athene and ADS of 64 million and 14 million, respectively, driven by increases in fee-generating AUM and subscriptions in 2024, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in management fees earned from Fund X of 24 million primarily related to the catch-up management fees earned in 2023. Management fees in 2024 benefited from robust growth in the credit strategy reflecting strong capital formation across Athene and third-party clients. 
 
 The increase in fee-related performance fees in 2024 was primarily attributable to fees earned from ADS of 16 million, reflecting the growing contribution from Apollo s wealth-focused products. 
 
 The increase in capital solutions fees in 2024 was primarily attributable to fees earned from companies in the (i) business services, (ii) consumer and retail, (iii) financial services and (iv) media, telecom and technology sectors. 
 
 The growth in revenues was offset, in part, by higher fee-related compensation expense and an increase in non-compensation expenses. The increase in fee-related compensation was driven by corresponding growth in fee related revenues and increased headcount in 2024. The increase in non-compensation expenses in 2024 was primarily driven by increases in depreciation and amortization expenses and higher placement fees. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 FRE was 1,509 million in 2024, an increase of 198 million compared to 1,311 million in 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in fee related revenues, including management fees, capital solutions fees and other, net and fee-related performance fees. 
 
 The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to management fees earned from Athene and ADS of 168 million and 32 million, respectively, primarily driven by increases in fee-generating AUM and increased subscriptions in 2024, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in management fees earned from Fund X of 21 million primarily related to the catch-up management fees earned in 2023. 
 
 The increase in capital solutions fees in 2024 was primarily attributable to fees earned from companies in the (i) media, telecom and technology, (ii) financial services and (iii) business services sectors. 
 
 The increase in fee-related performance fees in 2024 was primarily attributable to fees earned from ADS of 40 million, reflecting the growing contribution from Apollo s wealth-focused products. 
 
 The growth in revenues was offset, in part, by increases in non-compensation expenses and higher fee-related compensation expense stemming from growth in fee related revenues and increased headcount in 2024. The increase in non-compensation expenses in 2024 was primarily driven by higher travel and entertainment expenses, higher placement fees and increases in depreciation and amortization expenses. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Management Operating Metrics 
 
 We monitor certain operating metrics that are common to the alternative asset management industry and directly impact the performance of our Asset Management segment. These operating metrics include Assets Under Management, origination, gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments. 
 
 Assets Under Management 
 
 The following presents Apollo s Total AUM and Fee-Generating AUM by investing strategy (in billions): 
 
 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents Apollo s AUM with Future Management Fee Potential by investing strategy (in billions): 
 
 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding 
 
 The following tables present the components of Performance Fee-Eligible AUM for Apollo s investing strategies within the Asset Management segment: 
 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Performance Fee-Generating AUM 1 
 88,616 54,239 142,855 AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees 11,810 4,796 16,606 Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 30,470 30,247 60,717 Total Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 130,896 89,282 220,178 
 
 September 30, 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Performance Fee-Generating AUM 1 
 77,655 47,467 125,122 AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees 6,442 9,566 16,008 Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 22,376 34,691 57,067 Total Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 106,473 91,724 198,197 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Performance Fee-Generating AUM 1 
 77,026 51,444 128,470 AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees 9,412 6,886 16,298 Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 22,933 34,047 56,980 Total Performance Fee-Eligible AUM 109,371 92,377 201,748 1 Performance Fee-Generating AUM of 6.7 billion, 4.2 billion and 5.4 billion as of September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are above the hurdle rates or preferred returns and have been deferred to future periods when the fees are probable to not be significantly reversed. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 The components of Fee-Generating AUM by investing strategy are presented below: 
 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Fee-Generating AUM based on capital commitments 223 25,204 25,427 Fee-Generating AUM based on invested capital 11,731 32,382 44,113 Fee-Generating AUM based on gross/adjusted assets 405,910 5,323 411,233 Fee-Generating AUM based on NAV 61,146 9,104 70,250 Total Fee-Generating AUM 479,010 72,013 1 
 551,023 1 The weighted average remaining life of the traditional private equity funds as of September 30, 2024 was 63 months. 

September 30, 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Fee-Generating AUM based on capital commitments 212 27,799 28,011 Fee-Generating AUM based on invested capital 10,267 29,369 39,636 Fee-Generating AUM based on gross/adjusted assets 338,973 5,542 344,515 Fee-Generating AUM based on NAV 48,664 7,561 56,225 Total Fee-Generating AUM 398,116 70,271 1 
 468,387 1 The weighted average remaining life of the traditional private equity funds at September 30, 2023 was 73 months. 

December 31, 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Fee-Generating AUM based on capital commitments 221 27,868 28,089 Fee-Generating AUM based on invested capital 10,216 29,583 39,799 Fee-Generating AUM based on gross/adjusted assets 360,777 5,436 366,213 Fee-Generating AUM based on NAV 50,822 8,029 58,851 Total Fee-Generating AUM 422,036 70,916 1 
 492,952 1 The weighted average remaining life of the traditional private equity funds as of December 31, 2023 was 70 months. 

Apollo, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISG, provides asset management services to Athene with respect to assets in the accounts owned by or related to Athene Athene Accounts ), including asset allocation services, direct asset management services, asset and liability matching management, mergers and acquisitions asset diligence, hedging and other asset management services and receives management fees for providing these services. The Company, through ISG, also provides sub-allocation services with respect to a portion of the assets in the Athene Accounts. Apollo, through its asset management business, managed or advised 319.8 billion, 278.3 billion and 260.8 billion of AUM on behalf of Athene as of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Apollo, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services with respect to certain assets in certain portfolio companies of Apollo funds and sub-advises the Athora Accounts and broadly refers to Athora Sub-Advised assets as those assets in the Athora Accounts which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. The Company refers to the portion of the Athora AUM that is not Athora Sub-Advised AUM as Athora Non-Sub Advised AUM. See note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more details regarding the fee arrangements with respect to the assets in the Athora Accounts. Apollo managed or advised 53.6 billion, 49.9 billion and 48.5 billion of AUM on behalf of Athora as of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize changes in total AUM for Apollo s investing strategies within the Asset Management segment: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Credit Equity Total Change in Total AUM 1 : 
 Beginning of Period 561,612 134,641 696,253 486,435 130,670 617,105 Inflows 38,642 3,300 41,942 27,154 5,797 32,951 Outflows 2 
 (11,688) (1,317) (13,005) (12,118) (402) (12,520) Net Flows 26,954 1,983 28,937 15,036 5,395 20,431 Realizations (2,717) (2,383) (5,100) (5,596) (2,409) (8,005) Market Activity 3 
 11,947 1,170 13,117 391 1,237 1,628 End of Period 597,796 135,411 733,207 496,266 134,893 631,159 1 At the individual segment level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions, and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 2 Outflows for Total AUM include redemptions of 1.6 billion and 1.4 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 3 Includes foreign exchange impacts of 2.8 billion and (2.4) billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Credit Equity Total Change in Total AUM 1 : 
 Beginning of Period 515,523 135,253 650,776 421,206 126,441 547,647 Inflows 112,010 7,508 119,518 109,746 14,028 123,774 Outflows 2 
 (42,282) (4,209) (46,491) (32,239) (2,569) (34,808) Net Flows 69,728 3,299 73,027 77,507 11,459 88,966 Realizations (9,779) (7,270) (17,049) (11,052) (6,281) (17,333) Market Activity 3 
 22,324 4,129 26,453 8,605 3,274 11,879 End of Period 597,796 135,411 733,207 496,266 134,893 631,159 1 At the individual strategy level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 2 Outflows for Total AUM include redemptions of 5.1 billion and 5.2 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 3 Includes foreign exchange impacts of 0.5 billion and (1.0) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Total AUM was 733.2 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 37.0 billion, or 5.3 , compared to 696.3 billion at June 30, 2024. The net increase was primarily driven by the growth of our retirement services client assets, subscriptions across the platform and new financing facilities, partially offset by normal course outflows at Athene as well as distributions. More specifically, the net increase was due to: 
 
 Net flows of 28.9 billion primarily attributable to: 
 a 27.0 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of (i) 11.1 billion related to the growth of our retirement services clients; (ii) 11.1 billion of leverage primarily driven by new Atlas warehousing financing facilities; and (iii) 5.8 billion of subscriptions mostly related to the direct lending, performing credit, investment grade and opportunistic credit funds we manage; and 
 a 2.0 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy. 
 
 Realizations of (5.1) billion primarily attributable to: 
 (2.7) billion related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy, largely driven by distributions from the direct lending, performing credit and investment grade funds we manage; and 
 (2.4) billion related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy, largely driven by distributions across the traditional private equity funds we manage. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

Market activity of 13.1 billion, primarily attributable to: 
 11.9 billion related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of 7.2 billion driven by our retirement services clients and 2.1 billion related to the direct lending, performing credit and investment grade funds we manage; and 
 1.2 billion related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Total AUM was 733.2 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 82.4 billion, or 12.7 , compared to 650.8 billion at December 31, 2023. The net increase was primarily driven by subscriptions across the platform and the growth of our retirement services client assets, partially offset by outflows attributable to Atlas and distributions. More specifically, the net increase was due to: 
 
 Net flows of 73.0 billion primarily attributable to: 
 a 69.7 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of (i) 35.6 billion of subscriptions mostly related to the direct lending, performing credit, investment grade and asset-backed finance funds we manage; and (ii) 28.0 billion related to the growth of our retirement services clients; and (iii) 15.9 billion of leverage, partially offset by (7.0) billion of outflows resulting from the previously announced conclusion of the Atlas SP-Credit Suisse investment management agreement; and 
 a 3.3 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy. 
 
 Realizations of (17.0) billion primarily attributable to: 
 (9.8) billion related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy, largely driven by distributions from the asset-backed finance, direct lending, performing credit, investment grade and opportunistic credit funds we manage, and the anticipated run-off related to the Atlas SP-Credit Suisse investment management agreement; and 
 (7.3) billion related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy primarily consisting of distributions across the traditional private equity funds. 
 
 Market activity of 26.5 billion primarily attributable to: 
 22.3 billion related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of 14.4 billion related to our retirement services client assets and 3.1 billion related to the direct lending, performing credit and investment grade funds; and 
 4.1 billion related to the funds we manage in our equity strategy related to the traditional private equity funds and hybrid value funds we manage. 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize changes in Fee-Generating AUM for Apollo s investing strategies within the Asset Management segment: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Credit Equity Total Change in Fee-Generating AUM 1 : 
 Beginning of Period 451,292 70,871 522,163 393,701 68,082 461,783 Inflows 31,069 3,898 34,967 17,838 3,795 21,633 Outflows 2 
 (12,251) (2,449) (14,700) (12,585) (997) (13,582) Net Flows 18,818 1,449 20,267 5,253 2,798 8,051 Realizations (1,334) (765) (2,099) (1,207) (316) (1,523) Market Activity 3 
 10,234 458 10,692 369 (293) 76 End of Period 479,010 72,013 551,023 398,116 70,271 468,387 1 At the individual strategy level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 2 Outflows for Fee-Generating AUM include redemptions of 1.6 billion and 1.1 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 3 Includes foreign exchange impacts of 2.4 billion and (1.9) billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Credit Equity Total Credit Equity Total Change in Fee-Generating AUM 1 : 
 Beginning of Period 422,036 70,916 492,952 346,598 65,489 412,087 Inflows 89,589 7,426 97,015 81,160 10,196 91,356 Outflows 2 
 (48,404) (4,982) (53,386) (34,731) (4,088) (38,819) Net Flows 41,185 2,444 43,629 46,429 6,108 52,537 Realizations (3,812) (1,722) (5,534) (2,226) (962) (3,188) Market Activity 3 
 19,601 375 19,976 7,315 (364) 6,951 End of Period 479,010 72,013 551,023 398,116 70,271 468,387 1 At the individual strategy level, inflows include new subscriptions, commitments, capital raised, other increases in available capital, purchases, acquisitions and portfolio company appreciation. Outflows represent redemptions, other decreases in available capital and portfolio company depreciation. Realizations represent fund distributions of realized proceeds. Market activity represents gains (losses), the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and other income. 
 2 Outflows for Fee-Generating AUM include redemptions of 4.7 billion and 4.7 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 3 Includes foreign exchange impacts of 0.6 billion and (0.8) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Total Fee-Generating AUM was 551.0 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 28.9 billion, or 5.5 , compared to 522.2 billion at June 30, 2024. The net increase was primarily due to the growth of our retirement services client assets, market activity primarily in our credit strategy and subscriptions across the platform, partially offset by redemptions. More specifically, the net increase was due to: 
 
 Net flows of 20.3 billion primarily attributable to: 
 an 18.8 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of (i) 11.1 billion related to the growth of our retirement services clients; (ii) 4.9 billion of other net fee-generating movements; and (iii) 2.5 billion of subscriptions primarily related to the direct lending, performing credit and investment grade funds we manage, partially offset by 1.3 billion of redemptions. 
 
 Market activity of 10.7 billion attributable to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of 6.7 billion related to our retirement services clients. 
 
 Realizations of (2.1) billion across the credit and equity strategies. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Total Fee-Generating AUM was 551.0 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 58.1 billion, or 11.8 , compared to 493.0 billion at December 31, 2023. The net increase was primarily driven by the growth of our retirement services client assets, market activity primarily in our credit strategy, and subscriptions across the platform, partially offset by outflows attributable to Atlas. More specifically, the net increase was due to: 
 
 Net flows of 43.6 billion primarily attributable to: 
 a 41.2 billion increase related to the funds we manage in our credit strategy primarily consisting of (i) a 28.0 billion increase related to the growth of our retirement services client assets; (ii) 11.1 billion of other net fee-generating movements; and (iii) 10.3 billion of subscriptions primarily related to the direct lending, performing credit and investment grade funds we manage, partially offset by (7.0) billion of outflows resulting from the previously announced conclusion of the Atlas SP-Credit Suisse investment management agreement. 
 
 Market activity of 20.0 billion primarily attributable to the funds we manage in our credit strategy consisting of 14.0 billion related to our retirement services clients. 
 
 Realizations of (5.5) billion across the credit and equity strategies. 
 
 Origination, Gross Capital Deployment and Uncalled Commitments 
 
 Origination represents (i) capital that has been invested in new equity, debt or debt-like investments by Apollo's equity and credit strategies (whether purchased by funds and accounts managed by Apollo, or syndicated to third parties) where Apollo or one of Apollo's origination platforms has sourced, negotiated, or significantly affected the commercial terms of the investment; (ii) new capital pools formed by debt issuances, including CLOs; and (iii) net purchases of certain assets by the funds and accounts we manage that we consider to be private, illiquid, and hard to access assets and which the funds and accounts otherwise may not be able to meaningfully access. Origination generally excludes any issuance of debt or debt-like investments by the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. 
 
 Gross capital deployment represents the gross capital that has been invested by the funds and accounts we manage during the relevant period, but excludes certain investment activities primarily related to hedging and cash management functions at the Company. Gross capital deployment is not reduced or netted down by sales or refinancings, and takes into account leverage used by the funds and accounts we manage in gaining exposure to the various investments that they have made. 
 
 Uncalled commitments, by contrast, represent unfunded capital commitments that certain of the funds we manage have received from fund investors to fund future or current fund investments and expenses. 
 
 Origination is indicative of our ability to originate assets for the funds we manage, through our origination platforms and our corporate solutions capabilities. Gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments are indicative of the pace and magnitude of fund capital that is deployed or will be deployed. Origination, gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments could result in future revenues that include management fees, capital solutions fees and performance fees to the extent they are fee-generating. They can also give rise to future costs that are related to the hiring of additional resources to manage and account for the additional origination activities and the capital that is deployed or will be deployed. Management uses origination, gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments as key operating metrics since we believe the results are measures of investment activities of the funds we manage. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents origination, gross capital deployment and uncalled commitments (in billions): 

132 

Table of Contents 

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Apollo had 64 billion and 58 billion of dry powder, respectively, which represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage. These amounts exclude uncalled commitments which can only be called for fund fees and expenses and commitments from perpetual capital vehicles. 

Retirement Services 
 
 The following table presents Spread Related Earnings, the performance measure of our Retirement Services segment: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change Nine months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change (In millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Retirement Services: Fixed income and other net investment income 2,806 2,235 571 25.5 7,893 6,399 1,494 23.3 Alternative net investment income 236 230 6 2.6 670 674 (4) (0.6) Net investment earnings 3,042 2,465 577 23.4 8,563 7,073 1,490 21.1 Strategic capital management fees 27 19 8 42.1 76 49 27 55.1 Cost of funds (1,983) (1,384) 599 43.3 (5,586) (4,056) 1,530 37.7 Net investment spread 1,086 1,100 (14) (1.3) 3,053 3,066 (13) (0.4) Other operating expenses (112) (121) (9) (7.4) (342) (362) (20) (5.5) Interest and other financing costs (118) (106) 12 11.3 (328) (344) (16) (4.7) Spread Related Earnings (SRE) 856 873 (17) (1.9) 2,383 2,360 23 1.0 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Spread Related Earnings 
 
 SRE was 856 million in 2024, a decrease of 17 million, or 2 , compared to 873 million in 2023. The decrease in SRE was primarily driven by higher cost of funds and interest and other financing costs, partially offset by higher net investment earnings and strategic capital management fees. 
 
 Cost of funds increased 599 million, primarily driven by growth in and higher rates on new deferred annuity issuances, growth in and higher rates on new institutional business, including the additional costs of swapping to or issuing funding agreements as floating rate to mitigate SRE sensitivity to floating rate assets, an increase in business mix to institutional business at higher crediting rates and the 114 million operating gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking as well as a favorable impact to pension group annuity balances related to a refinement in methodology. Unlocking, net of the non-controlling interests, was favorable 16 million primarily related to favorable projected mortality lowering future benefit payments, updated economics and favorable changes in lapse and enhanced income utilization assumptions. These impacts were largely offset by an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, an increase in the lump sum payment utilization assumption and changes to projected interest crediting. Unlocking, net of the non-controlling interests, in 2023 was unfavorable 24 million primarily related to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims. This impact was partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and income rider restart assumptions, as well as higher interest rates and favorable mortality experience lowering future benefit payments. 
 
 Interest and other financing costs increased 12 million related to interest expense on Athene s debt issuances in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, partially offset by lower interest expense resulting from a decrease in short-term repurchase agreements outstanding in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Net investment earnings increased 577 million, primarily driven by 30.5 billion of growth in Athene s average net invested assets, higher rates on new deployment compared to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment and an increase in alternative net investment income. The increase in alternative net investment income compared to 2023 was primarily driven by favorable performance within strategic origination platforms and credit, largely offset by less favorable performance within equity and retirement services platforms. The increase in income from strategic origination platforms was mainly attributable to a Wheels valuation increase in 2024, unfavorable performance from Aqua Finance, Inc. Aqua Finance in 2023 related to macroeconomic headwinds for consumer loan origination and favorable performance from other strategic origination platforms related to the funding of recent investments. The decrease in income from equity was largely driven by underperformance within private equity and real assets compared to 2023, while the decrease in income from retirement services platforms was primarily related to continued inflationary and regulatory pressures impacting the valuation of Athora. 
 
 Strategic capital management fees increased 8 million due to additional fees received from ADIP II related to new business ceded to ACRA 2 over the previous twelve months as well as the 10 increase in ADIP II s ownership of ACRA 2 effective December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net Investment Spread 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Fixed income and other net investment earned rate 4.96 4.57 39bps Alternative net investment earned rate 8.19 7.75 44bps Net investment earned rate 5.12 4.76 36bps Strategic capital management fees 0.05 0.04 1bp Cost of funds (3.34) (2.67) 67bps Net investment spread 1.83 2.13 (30)bps 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Net investment spread was 1.83 in 2024, a decrease of 30 basis points compared to 2.13 in 2023, primarily driven by higher cost of funds, partially offset by a higher net investment earned rate. 
 
 Cost of funds was 3.34 in 2024, an increase of 67 basis points compared to 2.67 in 2023, primarily driven by higher rates on new deferred annuity issuances, higher rates on new institutional business, including the additional costs of swapping to or issuing funding agreements as floating rate to mitigate SRE sensitivity to floating rate assets, an increase in business mix to institutional business at higher crediting rates and the 114 million operating gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by a favorable change in unlocking, as well as a favorable impact to pension group annuity balances related to a refinement in methodology. 
 
 Net investment earned rate was 5.12 in 2024, an increase of 36 basis points compared to 4.76 in 2023, primarily due to higher returns in both Athene s fixed income and alternative investment portfolios. Fixed income and other net investment earned rate was 4.96 in 2024, an increase from 4.57 in 2023, primarily driven by higher rates on new deployment compared to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment. Alternative net investment earned rate was 8.19 in 2024, an increase from 7.75 in 2023, primarily driven by favorable performance within strategic origination platforms and credit, largely offset by less favorable performance within equity and retirement services platforms. The higher return on strategic origination platforms was mainly attributable to a Wheels valuation increase in 2024, unfavorable performance from Aqua Finance in 2023 related to macroeconomic headwinds for consumer loan origination and favorable performance from other strategic origination platforms related to the funding of recent investments. The lower return on equity was largely driven by underperformance within private equity and real assets compared to 2023, while the lower return on retirement services platforms was primarily related to continued inflationary and regulatory pressures impacting the valuation of Athora. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Spread Related Earnings 
 
 SRE was 2.4 billion in 2024, an increase of 23 million, or 1 , compared to 2.4 billion in 2023. The increase in SRE was primarily driven by higher net investment earnings, higher strategic capital management fees and lower interest and other financing costs, partially offset by higher cost of funds. 
 
 Net investment earnings increased 1.5 billion, primarily driven by 23.9 billion of growth in Athene s average net invested assets, higher rates on new deployment compared to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment and higher floating rate income, partially offset by an increase in income attributable to the ACRA non-controlling interests following the sale of a 50 interest in ACRA 2 to ADIP II effective July 1, 2023 and the subsequent increase in the ADIP II ownership of ACRA 2 to 60 effective December 31, 2023, as well as slightly lower alternative net investment income. The decrease in alternative net investment income compared to 2023 was primarily driven by less favorable performance within retirement services platforms and equity, largely offset by favorable performance within strategic origination platforms and credit. The decrease in income from retirement services platforms was primarily related to continued inflationary and regulatory pressures impacting the valuation of Athora, while the decrease in income from equity was largely driven by underperformance within private equity compared to 2023. The increase in income from strategic origination platforms was mainly attributable to a Wheels valuation increase in 2024, as well as unfavorable performance from Aqua Finance in 2023 related to macroeconomic headwinds for consumer loan origination, partially offset by outsized performance from MidCap Financial in 2023. 
 
 Strategic capital management fees increased 27 million due to additional fees received from ADIP II as a result of the sale of a 50 interest in ACRA 2 to ADIP II effective July 1, 2023 and the subsequent increase in the ADIP II ownership of ACRA 2 to 60 effective December 31, 2023, as well as new business ceded to ACRA 2 over the previous twelve months. 
 
 Interest and other financing costs decreased 16 million related to lower interest expense resulting from a decrease in short-term repurchase agreements outstanding in 2024 compared to 2023, partially offset by interest expense related to Athene s debt issuances in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Cost of funds increased 1.5 billion, primarily driven by growth in and higher rates on new deferred annuity issuances, growth in and higher rates on new institutional business, including the additional costs of swapping to or issuing funding agreements as floating rate to mitigate SRE sensitivity to floating rate assets, an increase in business mix to institutional business at higher 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 crediting rates and the 114 million operating gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by an increase in costs attributable to the ACRA non-controlling interests following the sale of a 50 interest in ACRA 2 to ADIP II effective July 1, 2023 and the subsequent increase in the ADIP II ownership of ACRA 2 to 60 effective December 31, 2023, as well as a favorable change in unlocking and a favorable impact to pension group annuity balances related to a refinement in methodology. Unlocking, net of the non-controlling interests, was favorable 16 million primarily related to favorable projected mortality lowering future benefit payments, updated economics and favorable changes in lapse and enhanced income utilization assumptions. These impacts were largely offset by an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims, an increase in the lump sum payment utilization assumption and changes to projected interest crediting. Unlocking, net of the non-controlling interests, in 2023 was unfavorable 24 million primarily related to an increase in the income rider utilization assumption increasing projected claims. This impact was partially offset by favorable changes in lapse and income rider restart assumptions, as well as higher interest rates and favorable mortality experience lowering future benefit payments. 
 
 Net Investment Spread 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Fixed income and other net investment earned rate 4.82 4.39 43bps Alternative net investment earned rate 7.69 7.46 23bps Net investment earned rate 4.96 4.57 39bps Strategic capital management fees 0.04 0.03 1bp Cost of funds (3.24) (2.62) 62bps Net investment spread 1.76 1.98 (22)bps 
 
 Net investment spread was 1.76 in 2024, a decrease of 22 basis points compared to 1.98 in 2023, primarily driven by higher cost of funds, partially offset by a higher net investment earned rate. 
 
 Cost of funds was 3.24 in 2024, an increase of 62 basis points compared to 2.62 in 2023, primarily driven by higher rates on new deferred annuity issuances, higher rates on new institutional business, including the additional costs of swapping to or issuing funding agreements as floating rate to mitigate SRE sensitivity to floating rate assets, an increase in business mix to institutional business at higher crediting rates and the 114 million operating gain on the settlement of the VIAC recapture agreement in 2023. These impacts were partially offset by an increase in costs attributable to the ACRA non-controlling interests following the sale of a 50 interest in ACRA 2 to ADIP II effective July 1, 2023 and the subsequent increase in the ADIP II ownership of ACRA 2 to 60 effective December 31, 2023, as well as a favorable change in unlocking and a favorable impact to pension group annuity balances related to a refinement in methodology. 
 
 Net investment earned rate was 4.96 in 2024, an increase of 39 basis points compared to 4.57 in 2023, primarily due to higher returns in Athene s fixed income portfolio and slightly favorable performance within its alternative investment portfolio, partially offset by an increase in income attributable to the ACRA non-controlling interests following the sale of a 50 interest in ACRA 2 to ADIP II effective July 1, 2023 and the subsequent increase in the ADIP II ownership of ACRA 2 to 60 effective December 31, 2023 . Fixed income and other net investment earned rate was 4.82 in 2024, an increase from 4.39 in 2023, primarily driven by higher rates on new deployment compared to Athene s existing portfolio related to the higher interest rate environment and higher floating rate income. A lternative net investment earned rate was 7.69 in 2024, an increase from 7.46 in 2023, as slightly lower income was earned on average alternative net invested assets that decreased 432 million compared to 2023. The slightly lower alternative net investment income compared to 2023 was primarily driven by less favorable performance within retirement services platforms and equity, largely offset by favorable performance within strategic origination platforms and credit. The lower return on retirement services platforms was primarily related to continued inflationary and regulatory pressures impacting the valuation of Athora, while the lower return on equity was largely driven by underperformance within private equity compared to 2023. The higher return on strategic origination platforms was mainly attributable to a Wheels valuation increase in 2024, as well as unfavorable performance from Aqua Finance in 2023 related to macroeconomic headwinds for consumer loan origination, partially offset by outsized performance from MidCap Financial in 2023. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Portfolio 
 
 Athene had total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs, of 307.6 billion and 259.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Athene s investment strategy seeks to achieve sustainable risk-adjusted returns through the disciplined management of its investment portfolio against its long-duration liabilities, coupled with the diversification of risk. The investment strategies focus primarily on a buy and hold asset allocation strategy that may be adjusted periodically in response to changing market conditions and the nature of Athene s liability profile. Athene takes advantage of its generally persistent liability profile by identifying investment opportunities with an emphasis on earning incremental yield by taking measured liquidity and complexity risk rather than assuming incremental credit risk. Athene has selected a diverse array of primarily high-grade fixed income assets including corporate bonds, structured securities and commercial and residential real estate loans, among others. Athene also maintains holdings in floating rate and less rate-sensitive instruments, including CLOs, non-agency RMBS and various types of structured products. In addition to its fixed income portfolio, Athene opportunistically allocates approximately 5 of its portfolio to alternative investments where it primarily focuses on fixed income-like, cash flow-based investments. 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the carrying values of Athene s total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions, except percentages) Carrying Value Percentage of Total Carrying Value Percentage of Total AFS securities, at fair value U.S. government and agencies 6,761 2.2 5,399 2.1 U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions 977 0.3 1,046 0.4 Foreign governments 1,758 0.6 1,899 0.7 Corporate 87,610 28.5 78,246 30.2 CLO 27,610 9.0 20,207 7.8 ABS 22,470 7.3 13,383 5.2 CMBS 9,364 3.0 6,591 2.5 RMBS 8,135 2.6 7,567 2.9 Total AFS securities, at fair value 164,685 53.5 134,338 51.8 Trading securities, at fair value 1,684 0.6 1,706 0.7 Equity securities 1,292 0.4 1,293 0.5 Mortgage loans, at fair value 58,587 19.1 44,115 17.0 Investment funds 107 109 0.1 Policy loans 320 0.1 334 0.1 Funds withheld at interest 21,231 6.9 24,359 9.4 Derivative assets 7,529 2.4 5,298 2.1 Short-term investments 614 0.2 341 0.1 Other investments 1,727 0.6 1,206 0.5 Total investments 257,776 83.8 213,099 82.3 Investments in related parties AFS securities, at fair value Corporate 1,279 0.4 1,352 0.5 CLO 5,780 1.9 4,268 1.7 ABS 10,503 3.4 8,389 3.2 Total AFS securities, at fair value 17,562 5.7 14,009 5.4 Trading securities, at fair value 619 0.2 838 0.3 Equity securities, at fair value 257 0.1 318 0.1 Mortgage loans, at fair value 1,345 0.4 1,281 0.5 Investment funds 1,604 0.5 1,632 0.6 Funds withheld at interest 5,444 1.8 6,474 2.5 Short-term investments 812 0.3 947 0.4 Other investments, at fair value 348 0.1 343 0.1 Total related party investments 27,991 9.1 25,842 9.9 Total investments, including related parties 285,767 92.9 238,941 92.2 Investments of consolidated VIEs Trading securities, at fair value 2,379 0.8 2,136 0.8 Mortgage loans, at fair value 2,226 0.7 2,173 0.8 Investment funds, at fair value 17,028 5.5 15,820 6.2 Other investments, at fair value 159 0.1 103 Total investments of consolidated VIEs 21,792 7.1 20,232 7.8 Total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs 307,559 100.0 259,173 100.0 
 
 The 48.4 billion increase in Athene s total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs, as of September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by significant growth from gross organic inflows of 56.8 billion in excess of gross liability outflows of 26.3 billion, unrealized gains on AFS securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 3.8 billion, as well as unrealized gains on mortgage loans and reinsurance assets attributable to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates and credit spread tightening in 2024, and an increase in derivative assets primarily related to the impact of 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 favorable equity market performance in 2024 on Athene s call options. Additionally, total investments, including related parties and consolidated VIEs, increased due to the issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2024, reinvestment of earnings and an increase in VIE investment funds attributable to favorable performance of the underlying assets within AAA in 2024 and net contributions from third-party investors into AAA, partially offset by Athene s distribution of certain investments to AGM as a dividend. 
 
 Athene s investment portfolio consists largely of high quality fixed maturity securities, loans and short-term investments, as well as additional opportunistic holdings in investment funds and other instruments, including equity holdings. Fixed maturity securities and loans include publicly issued corporate bonds, government and other sovereign bonds, privately placed corporate bonds and loans, mortgage loans, CMBS, RMBS, CLOs and ABS. A significant majority of Athene s AFS portfolio, 97.1 and 96.5 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was invested in assets considered investment grade with an NAIC designation of 1 or 2. 
 
 Athene invests a portion of its investment portfolio in mortgage loans, which are generally comprised of high quality commercial first lien and mezzanine real estate loans. Athene has acquired mortgage loans through acquisitions and reinsurance arrangements, as well as through an active program to invest in new mortgage loans. It invests in CMLs on income producing properties including hotels, apartments, retail and office buildings, and other commercial and industrial properties. Athene s RML portfolio primarily consists of first lien RMLs collateralized by properties located in the U.S. 
 
 Funds withheld at interest represent a receivable for amounts contractually withheld by ceding companies in accordance with modco and funds withheld reinsurance agreements in which Athene acts as the reinsurer. Generally, assets equal to statutory reserves are withheld and legally owned by the ceding company. 
 
 While the substantial majority of Athene s investment portfolio has been allocated to corporate bonds and structured credit products, a key component of Athene s investment strategy is the opportunistic acquisition of investment funds with attractive risk and return profiles. Athene s investment fund portfolio consists of funds or similar equity structures that employ various strategies including equity and credit funds. Athene has a strong preference for alternative investments that have some or all of the following characteristics, among others: (1) investments that constitute a direct investment or an investment in a fund with a high degree of co-investment; (2) investments with credit- or debt-like characteristics (for example, a stipulated maturity and par value), or alternatively, investments with reduced volatility when compared to pure equity; or (3) investments that Athene believes have less downside risk. 
 
 Athene holds derivatives for economic hedging purposes to reduce its exposure to the cash flow variability of assets and liabilities, equity market risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. Athene s primary use of derivative instruments relates to providing the income needed to fund the annual index credits on its FIA products. Athene primarily uses fixed indexed options to economically hedge indexed annuity products that guarantee the return of principal to the policyholder and credit interest based on a percentage of the gain in a specific market index. Athene also uses derivative instruments, such as forward contracts and swaps, to hedge foreign currency exposure resulting from foreign denominated assets and liabilities and to help manage its net floating rate position. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Net Invested Assets 
 
 The following summarizes Athene s net invested assets: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions, except percentages) Net Invested Asset Value 1 
 Percentage of Total Net Invested Asset Value 1 
 Percentage of Total Corporate 86,751 35.7 82,883 38.1 CLO 25,200 10.4 20,538 9.4 Credit 111,951 46.1 103,421 47.5 CML 27,928 11.5 25,977 11.9 RML 25,144 10.4 18,021 8.3 RMBS 7,768 3.2 7,795 3.6 CMBS 7,436 3.1 5,580 2.6 Real estate 68,276 28.2 57,373 26.4 ABS 28,572 11.8 22,202 10.2 Alternative investments 11,356 4.7 11,659 5.4 State, municipal, political subdivisions and foreign government 3,259 1.3 3,384 1.5 Equity securities 2,095 0.9 1,727 0.8 Short-term investments 1,256 0.5 1,048 0.5 U.S. government and agencies 4,955 2.0 4,052 1.9 Other investments 51,493 21.2 44,072 20.3 Cash and cash equivalents 8,354 3.4 10,467 4.8 Policy loans and other 2,589 1.1 2,094 1.0 Net invested assets 242,663 100.0 217,427 100.0 1 See Managing Business Performance - Key Segment and Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures for the definition of net invested assets. 

Athene s net invested assets were 242.7 billion and 217.4 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase in net invested assets was primarily driven by growth from net organic inflows of 40.1 billion in excess of net liability outflows of 21.6 billion, reinvestment of earnings and the issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2024, partially offset by the distribution of certain investments to AGM as a dividend and a decrease in short-term repurchase agreements outstanding in 2024. 
 
 In managing its business, Athene utilizes net invested assets as presented in the above table. Net invested assets do not correspond to Athene s total investments, including related parties, on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, as discussed previously in Managing Business Performance - Key Segment and Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures . Net invested assets represent Athene s investments that directly back its net reserve liabilities and surplus assets. Athene believes this view of its portfolio provides a view of the assets for which it has economic exposure. Athene adjusts the presentation for assumed and ceded reinsurance transactions to include or exclude the underlying investments based upon the contractual transfer of economic exposure to such underlying investments. Athene also adjusts for VIEs to show the net investment in the funds, which are included in the alternative investments line above as well as adjusting for the allowance for credit losses. Net invested assets include Athene s proportionate share of ACRA investments, based on its economic ownership, but exclude the proportionate share of investments associated with the non-controlling interests. 
 
 Net invested assets is utilized by management to evaluate Athene s investment portfolio. Net invested assets is used in the computation of net investment earned rate, which allows Athene to analyze the profitability of its investment portfolio. Net invested assets is also used in Athene s risk management processes for asset purchases, product design and underwriting, stress scenarios, liquidity and ALM. 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Investing 
 
 The following table presents Principal Investing Income, the performance measure of our Principal Investing segment. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change Nine months ended September 30, Total Change Percentage Change (In millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Principal Investing: Realized performance fees 331 132 199 150.8 600 473 127 26.8 Realized investment income (loss) 17 5 12 240.0 42 35 7 20.0 Principal investing compensation (253) (119) 134 112.6 (464) (434) 30 6.9 Other operating expenses (17) (14) 3 21.4 (46) (42) 4 9.5 Principal Investing Income (PII) 78 4 74 NM 132 32 100 NM 
 
 As described in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations General , earnings from our Principal Investing segment are inherently more volatile in nature than earnings from our Asset Management segment due to the intrinsic cyclical nature of performance fees, one of the key drivers of PII performance. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 PII was 78 million in 2024, an increase of 74 million, as compared to 4 million in 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in realized performance fees of 199 million, partially offset by an increase in principal investing compensation expense of 134 million. 
 
 The increase in realized performance fees of 199 million in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in realized performance fees generated from Fund IX and Freedom Parent Holdings, partially offset by a decrease in realized performance fees earned from EPF III. 
 
 Principal investing compensation of 253 million in 2024 increased 134 million, as compared to 119 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in profit sharing expense corresponding to the increase in realized performance fees. In any period, the blended profit sharing percentage is impacted by the respective profit sharing ratios of the funds generating performance allocations in the period. The increase in 2024 was also due to an increase in profit sharing expense attributable to the Company s incentive pool, a compensation program through which certain employees are allocated discretionary compensation based on realized performance fees in a given year, and is included within principal investing compensation. The incentive pool is separate from the fund related profit sharing expense and may result in greater variability in compensation and have a variable impact on the blended profit sharing percentage during a particular period. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 PII was 132 million in 2024, an increase of 100 million, as compared to 32 million in 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in realized performance fees of 127 million in 2024, partially offset by an increase in principal investing compensation expense of 30 million. 
 
 The increase in realized performance fees of 127 million in 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in realized performance fees generated from Fund IX and Freedom Parent Holdings, partially offset by a decrease in realized performance fees earned from Fund VIII and Hybrid Value Fund. 
 
 Principal investing compensation of 464 million in 2024 increased 30 million, as compared to 434 million in 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in profit sharing expense corresponding to the increase in realized performance fees, partially offset by a decrease in profit sharing expense attributable to the Company s incentive pool and a clawback related to previously recorded profit sharing expense. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

The Historical Investment Performance of Our Funds 
 
 Below we present information relating to the historical performance of the funds we manage, including certain legacy Apollo funds that do not have a meaningful amount of unrealized investments, and in respect of which the general partner interest has not been contributed to us. 
 
 When considering the data presented below, you should note that the historical results of funds we manage are not indicative of the future results that you should expect from such funds, from any future funds we may raise or from your investment in our common stock. 
 
 An investment in our common stock is not an investment in any of the Apollo managed funds, and the assets and revenues of the funds we manage are not directly available to us. The historical and potential future returns of the funds we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. Therefore, you should not conclude that continued positive performance of the funds we manage will necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. However, poor performance of the funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the value of our common stock. 
 
 Moreover, the historical returns of funds we manage should not be considered indicative of the future results you should expect from such funds or from any future funds we may raise. There can be no assurance that any Apollo fund will continue to achieve the same results in the future. 
 
 Finally, our private equity IRRs have historically varied greatly from fund to fund. For example, Fund VI generated a 12 gross IRR and a 9 net IRR since its inception through September 30, 2024, while Fund V generated a 61 gross IRR and a 44 net IRR since its inception through its liquidation in 2023. Accordingly, the IRR going forward for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical IRR generated by any particular fund, or for our private equity funds as a whole. Future returns will also be affected by the applicable risks, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Asset Management Business Historical performance metrics are unreliable indicators of our current or future results of operations. in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Record 
 
 The following table summarizes the investment record by strategy of Apollo s significant commitment-based funds that have a defined maturity date in which investors make a commitment to provide capital at the formation of such funds and deliver capital when called as investment opportunities become available. All amounts are as of September 30, 2024, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 (In millions, except IRR) Vintage Year Total AUM Committed Capital Total Invested Capital Realized Value Remaining Cost Unrealized Value Total Value Gross IRR Net IRR Credit: Accord VI 1 
 2024 1,868 1,701 261 72 243 238 310 35 20 Accord I, II, III, III B, IV V 1 
 Various 375 7,992 6,795 7,251 7,251 18 13 Accord+ II 5 
 N/A 2,564 2,556 494 498 510 510 NM 4 
 NM 4 
 Accord+ 2021 3,315 2,370 6,389 4,722 2,209 2,368 7,090 16 13 ADIP II 2024 6,598 6,016 2,473 2,473 2,719 2,719 NM 4 
 NM 4 
 ADIP I 2020 5,058 3,254 2,620 1,252 2,597 3,311 4,563 24 20 EPF IV 2023 3,169 3,064 954 285 715 910 1,195 19 11 EPF III 2017 3,068 4,500 5,005 4,212 1,980 2,052 6,264 10 5 Total Credit 26,015 31,453 24,991 17,794 10,715 12,108 29,902 Equity: Fund X 2023 20,005 19,877 5,133 1,222 4,650 5,365 6,587 43 15 Fund IX 2018 31,932 24,729 21,462 13,834 15,239 24,827 38,661 28 19 Fund VIII 2013 7,762 18,377 16,541 23,022 4,710 4,572 27,594 13 9 Fund VII 2008 14,677 16,461 34,294 34,294 33 25 Fund VI 2006 367 10,136 12,457 21,136 405 21,136 12 9 Fund V 2001 3,742 5,192 12,724 12,724 61 44 Fund I, II, III, IV MIA 2 
 Various 9 7,320 8,753 17,400 17,400 39 26 Traditional Private Equity Funds 3 
 60,075 98,858 85,999 123,632 25,004 34,764 158,396 39 24 AIOF III 5 
 N/A 1,301 1,304 164 164 180 180 NM 4 
 NM 4 
 AIOF II 2021 2,717 2,542 1,943 736 1,421 1,756 2,492 16 10 AIOF I 2018 385 897 803 1,066 171 210 1,276 22 17 HVF II 2022 5,089 4,592 3,303 203 3,245 3,857 4,060 13 10 HVF I 2019 3,247 3,238 3,698 4,214 1,038 1,472 5,686 22 17 Total Equity 72,814 111,431 95,910 129,851 31,043 42,239 172,090 1 Accord funds have investment periods shorter than 24 months, therefore Gross and Net IRR are presented after 12 months of investing. 
 2 The general partners and managers of Funds I, II and MIA, as well as the general partner of Fund III, were excluded assets in connection with the reorganization of the Company that occurred in 2007. As a result, Apollo did not receive the economics associated with these entities. The investment performance of these funds, combined with Fund IV, is presented to illustrate fund performance associated with Apollo s investment professionals. 
 3 Total IRR is calculated based on total cash flows for all funds presented. 
 4 Data has not been presented as the fund s effective date is less than 24 months prior to the period indicated and such information was deemed not meaningful. 
 5 Vintage Year is not yet applicable as the fund has not had its final closing. 

143 

Table of Contents 

 Equity 
 
 The following table summarizes the investment record for distressed investments made in our traditional private equity fund portfolios since the Company s inception. All amounts are as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (In millions, except percentages) Total Invested Capital Total Value Gross IRR Distressed for Control 8,532 19,670 29 Non-Control Distressed 6,306 12,340 71 Total 14,838 32,010 49 Corporate Carve-outs, Opportunistic Buyouts and Other Credit 1 
 71,161 126,386 21 Total 85,999 158,396 39 1 Other Credit is defined as investments in debt securities of issuers other than portfolio companies that are not considered to be distressed. 

The following tables provide additional detail on the composition of the Fund X, Fund IX and Fund VIII private equity portfolios based on investment strategy. Amounts for Fund I, II, III, IV, V, VI and VII are included in the table above but not presented below as their remaining value is less than 100 million, the fund has been liquidated or the fund commenced investing capital less than 24 months prior to September 30, 2024 and such information was deemed not meaningful. All amounts are as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Fund X 
 
 (In millions) Total Invested Capital Total Value Opportunistic Buyouts 4,848 5,544 Distressed 1 
 285 1,043 Total 5,133 6,587 
 
 Fund IX 
 
 (In millions) Total Invested Capital Total Value Corporate Carve-outs 5,538 11,601 Opportunistic Buyouts 14,665 23,364 Distressed 1 
 1,259 3,696 Total 21,462 38,661 
 
 Fund VIII 
 
 (In millions) Total Invested Capital Total Value Corporate Carve-outs 2,704 7,072 Opportunistic Buyouts 13,270 19,768 Distressed 1 
 567 754 Total 16,541 27,594 1 The distressed investment strategy includes distressed for control, non-control distressed and other credit. Other credit is defined as investments in debt securities of issuers other than portfolio companies that are not considered to be distressed. 

144 

Table of Contents 

 Perpetual Capital 
 
 The following table summarizes the investment record for the perpetual capital vehicles we manage, excluding Athene and Athora-related assets. 
 
 Total Returns 1 
 (In millions) IPO Year 2 
 Total AUM For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 MidCap Financial 3 
 N/A 12,474 5 5 13 16 MFIC 4 
 2004 3,015 (5) 12 10 32 ADS 5 
 N/A 12,414 3 4 9 13 ARI 2009 9,293 2 (7) (9) 4 ADREF 6 
 N/A 6,044 7 (3) 5 (6) ADCF 6 
 N/A 1,319 5 3 10 11 ARIS 6 
 N/A 1,153 2 N/A 4 N/A Other 7 
 N/A 10,551 N/A N/A N/A N/A Total 56,263 1 Total returns are based on the change in closing trading prices during the respective periods presented taking into account dividends and distributions, if any, as if they were reinvested without regard to commission. 
 2 An initial public offering IPO year represents the year in which the vehicle commenced trading on a national securities exchange. 
 3 MidCap Financial is not a publicly traded vehicle and therefore IPO year is not applicable. The returns presented are a gross return based on NAV. The net returns based on NAV were 4 and 4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net returns based on NAV were 10 and 19 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 4 AUM is presented on a three-month lag, as of June 30, 2024, based upon the availability of the information. 
 5 ADS is not a publicly traded vehicle and therefore IPO year is not applicable. AUM is as of June 30, 2024. The returns presented are net returns based on NAV. 
 6 ADREF, ADCF and ARIS are not publicly traded vehicles and therefore IPO years are not applicable. The returns presented are for its respective Class I shares and are net returns based on NAV. 
 7 Other includes, among others, AUM of 2.0 billion related to a publicly traded business development company from which Apollo earns investment-related service fees, but for which Apollo does not provide management or advisory services, as of June 30, 2024. Returns and IPO year are not provided for this AUM. Other also includes AUM of 6.9 billion related to third-party capital within AAA. 

145 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures 
 
 The table below sets forth a reconciliation of net income attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. common stockholders to Segment Income and Adjusted Net Income: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Apollo Global Management, Inc. 787 660 3,018 2,269 Preferred dividends 24 22 73 22 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 958 (42) 1,620 637 GAAP Net Income (Loss) 1,769 640 4,711 2,928 Income tax provision (benefit) 317 243 1,000 697 GAAP Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 2,086 883 5,711 3,625 Asset Management Adjustments: 
 Equity-based profit sharing expense and other 1 
 41 62 180 186 Equity-based compensation 72 57 230 167 Transaction-related charges 2 
 79 25 156 18 Merger-related transaction and integration costs 3 
 9 5 24 17 (Gains) losses from change in tax receivable agreement liability (35) (34) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities (975) 28 (1,675) (687) Unrealized performance fees 141 (91) (213) (244) Unrealized profit sharing expense (65) 55 129 191 HoldCo interest and other financing costs 4 
 21 36 51 77 Unrealized principal investment income (loss) (4) (27) (14) (66) Unrealized net (gains) losses from investment activities and other 5 
 (6) 30 23 50 Retirement Services Adjustments: 
 Investment (gains) losses, net of offsets (628) 663 (482) 829 Non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives 6 
 513 (431) (363) (600) Integration, restructuring and other non-operating expenses 204 41 265 98 Equity-based compensation expense 12 13 36 42 Segment Income 1,465 1,349 4,024 3,703 HoldCo interest and other financing costs 4 
 (21) (36) (51) (77) Taxes and related payables (312) (268) (768) (726) Adjusted Net Income 1,132 1,045 3,205 2,900 1 Equity-based profit sharing expense and other includes certain profit sharing arrangements in which a portion of performance fees distributed to the general partner are required to be used by employees of Apollo to purchase restricted shares of common stock or is delivered in the form of RSUs, which are granted under the Equity Plan. Equity-based profit sharing expense and other also includes performance grants which are tied to the Company s receipt of performance fees, within prescribed periods, sufficient to cover the associated equity-based compensation expense. 
 2 Transaction-related charges include contingent consideration, equity-based compensation charges and the amortization of intangible assets and certain other charges associated with acquisitions, and restructuring charges. 
 3 Merger-related transaction and integration costs includes advisory services, technology integration, equity-based compensation charges and other costs associated with the Mergers. 
 4 Represents interest and other financing costs related to AGM not attributable to any specific segment. 
 5 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an accrual related to an estimated liability associated with a regulatory matter. 
 6 Includes the change in fair values of derivatives and embedded derivatives, non-operating change in funding agreements, change in fair value of market risk benefits, and non-operating change in liability for future policy benefits. 

146 

Table of Contents 

 The table below sets forth a reconciliation of common stock outstanding to our Adjusted Net Income Shares Outstanding: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total GAAP Common Stock Outstanding 565,816,456 567,762,932 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 1 
 14,531,793 15,564,983 Vested RSUs 18,201,439 22,072,379 Unvested RSUs Eligible for Dividend Equivalents 14,274,139 12,603,041 Adjusted Net Income Shares Outstanding 612,823,827 618,003,335 1 Reflects the number of shares of underlying common stock assumed to be issuable upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock during each period. 

The table below sets forth a reconciliation of Athene s total investments, including related parties, to net invested assets: 
 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total investments, including related parties 285,767 238,941 Derivative assets (7,529) (5,298) Cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) 14,551 14,781 Accrued investment income 2,695 1,933 Net receivable (payable) for collateral on derivatives (4,194) (2,835) Reinsurance impacts (4,284) (572) VIE assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests 16,032 14,818 Unrealized (gains) losses 11,674 16,445 Ceded policy loans (167) (174) Net investment receivables (payables) (291) 11 Allowance for credit losses 689 608 Other investments (11) (41) Total adjustments to arrive at gross invested assets 29,165 39,676 Gross invested assets 314,932 278,617 ACRA non-controlling interests (72,269) (61,190) Net invested assets 242,663 217,427 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company primarily derives revenues and cash flows from the assets it manages and the retirement savings products it issues, reinsures and acquires. Based on management s experience, we believe that the Company s current liquidity position, together with the cash generated from revenues will be sufficient to meet the Company s anticipated expenses and other working capital needs for at least the next 12 months. For the longer-term liquidity needs of the asset management business, we expect to continue to fund the asset management business operations through management fees and performance fees received. The principal sources of liquidity for the retirement services business, in the ordinary course of business, are operating cash flows and holdings of cash, cash equivalents and other readily marketable assets. 
 
 AGM is a holding company whose primary source of cash flow is distributions from its subsidiaries, which are expected to be sufficient to fund cash flow requirements based on current estimates of future obligations. AGM s primary liquidity needs include the cash-flow requirements relating to its corporate activities, including its day-to-day operations, common stock and preferred stock dividend payments and strategic transactions, such as acquisitions. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had 16.3 billion of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, as well as 4.9 billion of available funds from the AMH credit facility, AHL credit facility, and AHL liquidity facility. 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 Primary Uses of Cash 
 
 Over the next 12 months, we expect the Company s primary liquidity needs will be to: 
 
 support the future growth of Apollo s businesses through strategic corporate investments; 
 pay the Company s operating expenses, including, compensation, general, administrative, and other expenses; 
 make payments to policyholders for surrenders, withdrawals and payout benefits; 
 make interest and principal payments on funding agreements; 
 make payments to satisfy pension group annuity obligations and policy acquisition costs; 
 make interest and principal payments on the Company s debt; 
 pay taxes and tax related payments; 
 pay cash dividends; 
 make payments related to the AOG Unit Payment; 
 repurchase common stock; and 
 make payments under the tax receivable agreement. 
 
 Over the long term, we believe we will be able to (i) grow Apollo s Assets Under Management and generate positive investment performance in the funds we manage, which we expect will allow us to grow the Company s management fees and performance fees and (ii) grow the investment portfolio of retirement services, in each case in amounts sufficient to cover our long-term liquidity requirements, which may include: 
 
 supporting the future growth of our businesses; 
 creating new or enhancing existing products and investment platforms; 
 making payments to policyholders; 
 pursuing new strategic corporate investment opportunities; 
 paying interest and principal on the Company s financing arrangements; 
 repurchasing common stock; 
 making payments under the tax receivable agreement; and 
 paying cash dividends. 
 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 
 The section below discusses in more detail the Company s primary sources and uses of cash and the primary drivers of cash flows within the Company s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Operating Activities 3,257 4,258 Investing Activities (45,551) (27,719) Financing Activities 42,227 26,758 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 3 2 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities (64) 3,299 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 The assets of our consolidated funds and VIEs, on a gross basis, could have a substantial effect on the accompanying statement of cash flows. Because our consolidated funds and VIEs are generally treated as investment companies for accounting purposes, their investing cash flow amounts are included in our cash flows from operating activities. The table below summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of cash flow by activity attributable to the Company and to our consolidated funds and VIEs. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by the Company's operating activities 3,122 5,080 Net cash provided by (used in) the Consolidated Funds and VIEs operating activities 135 (822) Net cash provided by operating activities 3,257 4,258 Net cash used in the Company's investing activities (44,049) (26,294) Net cash used in the Consolidated Funds and VIEs investing activities (1,502) (1,425) Net cash used in investing activities (45,551) (27,719) Net cash provided by the Company's financing activities 40,583 25,963 Net cash provided by the Consolidated Funds and VIEs financing activities 1,644 795 Net cash provided by financing activities 42,227 26,758 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The Company s operating activities support its Asset Management, Retirement Services and Principal Investing activities. The primary sources of cash within operating activities include: (a) management fees, (b) advisory and transaction fees, (c) realized performance revenues, (d) realized principal investment income, (e) investment sales from our consolidated funds and VIEs, (f) net investment income, (g) annuity considerations and (h) insurance premiums. The primary uses of cash within operating activities include: (a) compensation and non-compensation related expenses, (b) interest and taxes, (c) investment purchases from our consolidated funds and VIEs, (d) benefit payments and (e) other operating expenses. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities reflects cash inflows of management fees, advisory and transaction fees, realized performance revenues, realized principal investment income and net investment income, partially offset by pension group annuity benefit payments, net of cash inflows, and cash paid for interest on funding agreements, policy acquisition costs and other operating expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities includes net cash provided by our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes proceeds from the sale of VIE investments, partially offset by net payments for purchases of VIE investments. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities reflects cash inflows of management fees, advisory and transaction fees, realized performance revenues, realized principal investment income, cash received from pension group annuity premiums, net of outflows, and net investment income, partially offset by cash paid for policy acquisition and other operating expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities includes net cash used in our consolidated funds and VIEs, which primarily includes net proceeds from the sale of VIEs investments, offset by purchases of VIEs investments. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The Company s investing activities support the growth of its business. The primary sources of cash within investing activities include: (a) distributions from investments and (b) sales, maturities and repayments of investments. The primary uses of cash within investing activities include: (a) capital expenditures, (b) purchases and acquisitions of new investments, including purchases of U.S. Treasury securities and (c) equity method investments in the funds we manage. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in investing activities primarily reflects the purchase of investments, mainly AFS and mortgage loans, due to the deployment of significant cash inflows from Athene s organic growth, partially offset by the sales, maturities and repayments of investments. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities primarily reflects the purchase of investments due to the deployment of significant cash inflows from Athene s organic growth, partially offset by the sales, maturities and repayments of investments. 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 
 The Company s financing activities reflect its capital market transactions and transactions with equity holders. The primary sources of cash within financing activities includes: (a) proceeds from debt and preferred equity issuances, (b) inflows on Athene s investment-type policies and contracts, (c) changes of cash collateral for derivative transactions posted by counterparties, (d) capital contributions, and (e) proceeds from other borrowing activities. The primary uses of cash within financing activities include: (a) dividends, (b) payments under the tax receivable agreement, (c) share repurchases, (d) cash paid to settle tax withholding obligations in connection with net share settlements of equity-based awards, (e) repayments of debt, (f) withdrawals on Athene s investment-type policies and contracts, (g) changes of cash collateral for derivative transactions posted by counterparties and (h) capital distributions. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities primarily reflects cash received from strong organic retail and funding agreement inflows, net of cash outflows, net capital contributions from non-controlling interests, a favorable change in cash collateral posted by counterparties for derivative transactions related to the favorable equity market performance in 2024 and issuances of debt by our subsidiary, partially offset by the repayment of debt and repurchase obligations as well as payment of common and preferred stock dividends. Cash provided by financing activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs primarily includes proceeds from the issuance of debt and contributions from non-controlling interests, partially offset by repayment of debt and distributions to non-controlling interests. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by financing activities primarily reflects cash received from the strong organic inflows from retail, flow reinsurance and funding agreements, net of outflows, net capital contributions from non-controlling interests, a favorable change in cash collateral posted for derivative transactions related to the favorable equity market performance in 2023, and issuances of the 2053 Subordinated Notes and Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, partially offset by the redemption of the AAM Series A Preferred Stock and the AAM Series B Preferred Stock, the payment of stock dividends, and distribution to redeemable non-controlling interest. Cash provided by financing activities of our consolidated funds and VIEs primarily includes proceeds from the issuance of debt, offset by payments for borrowings under repurchase agreements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 For a summary and a description of the nature of the Company s commitments, contingencies and contractual obligations, see note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies. The Company s commitments are primarily fulfilled through cash flows from operations and financing activities. 
 
 Consolidated Funds and VIEs 
 
 The Company manages its liquidity needs by evaluating unconsolidated cash flows; however, the Company s financial statements reflect the financial position of Apollo as well as Apollo s consolidated funds and VIEs (including previously consolidated SPACs). The primary sources and uses of cash at Apollo s consolidated funds and VIEs include: (a) raising capital from their investors, which have been reflected historically as non-controlling interests of the consolidated subsidiaries in our financial statements, (b) using capital to make investments, (c) generating cash flows from operations through distributions, interest and the realization of investments, (d) distributing cash flow to investors, and (e) issuing debt to finance investments (CLOs). 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 For information regarding the quarterly dividends that were made to common stockholders and distribution equivalents on participating securities, see note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Although the Company currently expects to pay dividends, we may not pay dividends if, among other things, we do not have the cash necessary to pay the dividends. To the extent we do not have cash on hand sufficient to pay dividends, we may have to borrow funds to pay dividends, or we may determine not to pay dividends. The declaration, payment and determination of the amount of our dividends are at the sole discretion of the AGM board of directors. 
 
 Because AGM is a holding company, the primary source of funds for AGM s dividends is distributions from its operating subsidiaries, AAM and AHL, which are expected to be adequate to fund AGM s dividends and other cash flow requirements based on current estimates of future obligations. The ability of these operating subsidiaries to make distributions to AGM will 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 depend on satisfying applicable law with respect to such distributions, including surplus and minimum solvency requirements among others, as well as making prior distributions on AHL outstanding preferred stock. Moreover, the ability of AAM and AHL to receive distributions from their own respective subsidiaries will continue to depend on applicable law with respect to such distributions. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, AGM declared a cash dividend of 0.4625 per share of its common stock, which will be paid on November 29, 2024 to holders of record at the close of business on November 18, 2024. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company also declared and set aside a cash dividend of 0.8438 per share of its Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which will be paid on January 31, 2025 to holders of record at the close of business on January 15, 2025. 
 
 Repurchase of Securities 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 For information regarding the Company s share repurchase program, see note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Repurchase of Other Securities 
 
 We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our other outstanding debt or equity securities through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, purchases in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Any such repurchases will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. Whether or not we repurchase any of our other securities and the size and timing of any such repurchases will be determined at our discretion. 
 
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On August 11, 2023, the Company issued 28,750,000 shares, or 1.4 billion aggregate liquidation preference, of its 6.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. There were 28,749,765 shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. See note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 
 Asset Management Liquidity 
 
 Our asset management business requires limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of the business. For the asset management business longer-term liquidity needs, we expect to continue to fund the asset management business operations through management fees and performance fees received. Liquidity needs are also met (to a limited extent) through proceeds from borrowings and equity issuances as described in notes 11 and 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, respectively. From time to time, if the Company determines that market conditions are favorable after taking into account our liquidity requirements, we may seek to raise proceeds through the issuance of additional debt or equity instruments. AGM has a registration statement on Form S-3 to provide it with access to the capital markets, subject to market conditions and other factors. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the asset management business had 2.7 billion of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, as well as 1.0 billion of available funds from the AMH credit facility. 
 
 Future Debt Obligations 
 
 The asset management business had long-term debt of 4.1 billion at September 30, 2024, which includes notes with maturities in 2026, 2029, 2030, 2033, 2048, 2050, 2053 and 2054. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2024, AGM issued 500 million of 6.000 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due December 15, 2054. See note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the asset management business debt arrangements. 
 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Future Cash Flows 
 
 Our ability to execute our business strategy, particularly our ability to increase our AUM, depends on our ability to establish new funds and to raise additional investor capital within such funds. Our liquidity will depend on a number of factors, such as our ability to project our financial performance, which is highly dependent on the funds we manage and our ability to manage our projected costs, fund performance, access to credit facilities, compliance with existing credit agreements, as well as industry and market trends. Also during economic downturns the funds we manage might experience cash flow issues or liquidate entirely. In these situations we might be asked to reduce or eliminate the management fee and performance fees we charge, which could adversely impact our cash flow in the future. 
 
 An increase in the fair value of the investments of the funds we manage, by contrast, could favorably impact our liquidity through higher management fees where the management fees are calculated based on the net asset value, gross assets or adjusted assets. Additionally, higher performance fees not yet realized would generally result when investments appreciate over their cost basis which would not have an impact on the asset management business cash flow until realized. 
 
 Consideration of Financing Arrangements 
 
 As noted above, in limited circumstances, the asset management business may issue debt or equity to supplement its liquidity. The decision to enter into a particular financing arrangement is made after careful consideration of various factors, including the asset management business cash flows from operations, future cash needs, current sources of liquidity, demand for the asset management business debt or equity, and prevailing interest rates. 
 
 Revolver Facility 
 
 Under the AMH credit facility, AMH may borrow in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1.0 billion and may incur incremental facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250 million plus additional amounts so long as AMH is in compliance with a net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.00 to 1.00. Borrowings under the AMH credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including without limitation, permitted acquisitions. The AMH credit facility has a final maturity date of October 12, 2027. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 The tax receivable agreement provides for the payment to the Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes that AGM and its subsidiaries realize subject to the agreement. For more information regarding the tax receivable agreement, see note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 AOG Unit Payment 
 
 On December 31, 2021, holders of AOG Units (other than Athene and Apollo) sold and transferred a portion of such AOG Units to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for an amount equal to 3.66 multiplied by the total number of AOG Units held by such holders immediately prior to such transaction (such payment, the AOG Unit Payment ). The remainder of the AOG Units held by such holders were exchanged for shares of AGM common stock concurrently with the consummation of the Mergers on January 1, 2022. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding AOG Unit Payment amount was 44 million, payable in equal quarterly installments through December 31, 2024. See note 15 for more information. 
 
 Athora 
 
 Athora is a strategic liabilities platform that acquires and reinsures traditional closed life insurance policies and provides capital and reinsurance solutions to insurers in Europe. In 2017, an AAM subsidiary made a 125 million commitment to Athora, which was fully drawn as of April 2020. An AAM subsidiary committed an incremental 58 million in 2020 to purchase new equity interests. Additionally, in 2021, an AAM subsidiary acquired approximately 21.9 million of new equity interests in Athora. 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2021, an AAM subsidiary committed an additional 250 million to purchase new equity interests to support Athora s ongoing growth initiatives, of which 180 million was drawn as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 An AAM subsidiary and Athene are minority investors in Athora with a long-term strategic relationship. Through its share ownership, the AAM subsidiary has approximately 19.9 of the total voting power in Athora, and Athene holds shares in Athora representing 10 of the total voting power in Athora. In addition, Athora shares held by funds and other accounts managed by Apollo represent, in the aggregate, approximately 15.1 of the total voting power in Athora. 
 
 Fund Escrow 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the remaining investments and escrow cash of Fund VIII was valued at 90 of the fund s unreturned capital, which was below the required escrow ratio of 115 . As a result, the fund is required to place in escrow current and future performance fee distributions to the general partner until the specified return ratio of 115 is met (at the time of a future distribution) or upon liquidation. Realized performance fees currently distributed to the general partner are limited to potential tax distributions and interest on escrow balances per the fund s partnership agreement. 
 
 Clawback 
 
 Performance fees from certain of the funds we manage are subject to contingent repayment by the general partner in the event of future losses to the extent that the cumulative performance fees distributed from inception to date exceeds the amount computed as due to the general partner at the final distribution. See Overview of Results of Operations Performance Fees for the maximum performance fees subject to potential reversal by each fund. 
 
 Indemnification Liability 
 
 The asset management business recorded an indemnification liability in the event that the Former Managing Partners, Contributing Partners and certain investment professionals are required to pay amounts in connection with a general partner obligation to return previously distributed performance fees. See note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the asset management business indemnification liability. 
 
 Retirement Services Liquidity 
 
 There are two forms of liquidity relevant to our retirement services business: funding liquidity and balance sheet liquidity. Funding liquidity relates to the ability to fund operations. Balance sheet liquidity relates to the ability to liquidate or rebalance Athene s balance sheet without incurring significant costs from fees, bid-offer spreads, or market impact. Athene manages its liquidity position by matching projected cash demands with adequate sources of cash and other liquid assets. The principal sources of liquidity for our retirement services business, in the ordinary course of business, are operating cash flows and holdings of cash, cash equivalents and other readily marketable assets. 
 
 Athene s investment portfolio is structured to ensure a strong liquidity position over time to permit timely payment of policy and contract benefits without requiring asset sales at inopportune times or at depressed prices. In general, liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, highly rated bonds, short-term investments, unaffiliated preferred stock and public common stock, all of which generally have liquid markets with a large number of buyers, but excludes pledged assets, mainly associated with funding agreement and repurchase agreement liabilities. Assets included in modified coinsurance and funds withheld portfolios, including assets held in reinsurance trusts, are available to fund the benefits for the associated obligations but are restricted from other uses. Although the investment portfolio of our retirement services business does contain assets that are generally considered illiquid for liquidity monitoring purposes (primarily mortgage loans, policy loans, real estate, investment funds and affiliated common stock), there is some ability to raise cash from these assets if needed. Athene has access to additional liquidity through its AHL credit facility and AHL liquidity facility. The AHL credit facility has a borrowing capacity of 1.25 billion, subject to being increased up to 1.75 billion in total on the terms described in the AHL credit facility. The AHL credit facility has a commitment termination date of June 30, 2028, subject to up to two one-year extensions, and was undrawn as of September 30, 2024. Athene entered into a new AHL liquidity facility on June 28, 2024, which replaced its previous agreement dated as of June 30, 2023. The AHL liquidity facility has a borrowing capacity of 2.6 billion, subject to being increased up to 3.1 billion in total on the terms described in the AHL liquidity facility. The AHL liquidity facility has a commitment termination date of June 27, 2025, subject to additional 364-day extensions, and was undrawn as of September 30, 2024. Athene also has access to 2.0 billion of committed repurchase facilities. Athene has a registration statement on Form S-3 to provide it with access to the capital markets, subject to market conditions and other factors. Athene is also the counterparty to 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 repurchase agreements with several different financial institutions, pursuant to which it may obtain short-term liquidity, to the extent available. In addition, through Athene s membership in the FHLB, it is eligible to borrow under variable rate short-term federal funds arrangements to provide additional liquidity. 
 
 Athene proactively manages its liquidity position to meet cash needs while minimizing adverse impacts on investment returns. Athene analyzes its cash-flow liquidity over the upcoming 12 months by modeling potential demands on liquidity under a variety of scenarios, taking into account the provisions of its policies and contracts in force, its cash flow position, and the volume of cash and readily marketable securities in its portfolio. 
 
 Liquidity risk is monitored, managed and mitigated through a number of stress tests and analyses to assess Athene s ability to meet its cash flow requirements, as well as the ability of its reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries to meet their collateral obligations, under various stress scenarios. Athene further seeks to mitigate liquidity risk by maintaining access to alternative, external sources of liquidity. 
 
 Insurance Subsidiaries Operating Liquidity 
 
 The primary cash flow sources for Athene s insurance subsidiaries include retirement services product inflows (premiums and deposits), investment income, principal repayments on its investments, net transfers from separate accounts and financial product inflows. Uses of cash include investment purchases, payments to policyholders for surrenders, withdrawals and payout benefits, interest and principal payments on funding agreements and outstanding debt, payments to satisfy pension group annuity obligations, policy acquisition and general operating costs and payment of cash dividends. 
 
 Athene s policyholder obligations are generally long-term in nature. However, policyholders may elect to withdraw some, or all, of their account value in amounts that exceed Athene s estimates and assumptions over the life of an annuity contract. Athene includes provisions within its annuity policies, such as surrender charges and market value adjustments MVA ), which are intended to protect it from early withdrawals. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 81 and 79 , respectively, of Athene s deferred annuity liabilities were subject to penalty upon surrender. In addition, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 66 and 64 , respectively, of policies contained MVAs that may also have the effect of limiting early withdrawals if interest rates increase but may encourage early withdrawals by effectively subsidizing a portion of surrender charges when interest rates decrease. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 32 of Athene s net reserve liabilities were generally non-surrenderable, including buy-out pension group annuities other than those that can be withdrawn as lump sums, funding agreements and payout annuities, while 54 were subject to penalty upon surrender. 
 
 Membership in Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 Through its membership in the FHLB, Athene is eligible to borrow under variable rate short-term federal funds arrangements to provide additional liquidity. The borrowings must be secured by eligible collateral such as mortgage loans, eligible CMBS or RMBS, government or agency securities and guaranteed loans. As of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene had no outstanding borrowings under these arrangements. 
 
 Athene has issued funding agreements to the FHLB. These funding agreements were issued in an investment spread strategy, consistent with other investment spread operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Athene had funding agreements outstanding with the FHLB in the aggregate principal amount of 13.0 billion and 6.5 billion, respectively. 
 
 The maximum FHLB indebtedness by a member is determined by the amount of collateral pledged and cannot exceed a specified percentage of the member s total statutory assets dependent on the internal credit rating assigned to the member by the FHLB. As of September 30, 2024, Athene s total maximum borrowing capacity under the FHLB facilities was limited to 53.1 billion. However, Athene s ability to borrow under the facilities is constrained by the availability of assets that qualify as eligible collateral under the facilities and certain other limitations. Considering these limitations, as of September 30, 2024, Athene had the ability to draw up to an estimated 16.2 billion, inclusive of borrowings then outstanding. This estimate is based on Athene s internal analysis and assumptions and may not accurately measure collateral which is ultimately acceptable to the FHLB. 
 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Repurchase Agreements 
 
 Athene engages in repurchase transactions whereby it sells fixed income securities to third parties, primarily major brokerage firms or commercial banks, with a concurrent agreement to repurchase such securities at a determined future date. Athene requires that, at all times during the term of the repurchase agreements, it maintains sufficient cash or other liquid assets sufficient to allow it to fund substantially all of the repurchase price. Proceeds received from the sale of securities pursuant to these arrangements are generally invested in short-term investments or maintained in cash, with the offsetting obligation to repurchase the security included within payables for collateral on derivatives and securities to repurchase on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. As per the terms of the repurchase agreements, Athene monitors the market value of the securities sold and may be required to deliver additional collateral (which may be in the form of cash or additional securities) to the extent that the value of the securities sold decreases prior to the repurchase date. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the payables for repurchase agreements were 2.7 billion and 3.9 billion, respectively, while the fair value of securities and collateral held by counterparties backing the repurchase agreements was 2.8 billion and 4.1 billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, payables for repurchase agreements, based on original issuance, were comprised of no short-term and 2.7 billion long-term repurchase agreements. As of December 31, 2023, payables for repurchase agreements, based on original issuance, were comprised of 686 million short-term and 3.2 billion long-term repurchase agreements. 
 
 Dividends from Insurance Subsidiaries 
 
 AHL is a holding company whose primary liquidity needs include the cash-flow requirements relating to its corporate activities, including its day-to-day operations, debt servicing, preferred and common stock dividend payments and strategic transactions, such as acquisitions. The primary source of AHL s cash flow is dividends from its subsidiaries, which are expected to be adequate to fund cash flow requirements based on current estimates of future obligations. 
 
 The ability of AHL s insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends is limited by applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where the subsidiaries are domiciled, as well as agreements entered into with regulators. These laws and regulations require, among other things, the insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay. 
 
 Subject to these limitations and prior notification to the appropriate regulatory agency, Athene s U.S. insurance subsidiaries are permitted to pay ordinary dividends based on calculations specified under insurance laws of the relevant state of domicile. Any distributions above the amount permitted by statute in any twelve-month period are considered to be extraordinary dividends, and require the approval of the appropriate regulator prior to payment. AHL does not currently plan on having the U.S. subsidiaries pay any dividends to their parents. 
 
 Dividends from AHL s subsidiaries are projected to be the primary source of AHL s liquidity. Under the Bermuda Insurance Act, each of Athene s Bermuda insurance subsidiaries is prohibited from paying a dividend in an amount exceeding 25 of the prior year s statutory capital and surplus, unless at least two members of the board of directors of the Bermuda insurance subsidiary and its principal representative in Bermuda sign and submit to the BMA an affidavit attesting that a dividend in excess of this amount would not cause the Bermuda insurance subsidiary to fail to meet its relevant margins. In certain instances, the Bermuda insurance subsidiary would also be required to provide prior notice to the BMA in advance of the payment of dividends. In the event that such an affidavit is submitted to the BMA in accordance with the Bermuda Insurance Act, and further subject to the Bermuda insurance subsidiary meeting its relevant margins, the Bermuda insurance subsidiary is permitted to distribute up to the sum of 100 of statutory surplus and an amount less than 15 of its total statutory capital. Distributions in excess of this amount require the approval of the BMA. 
 
 The maximum distribution permitted by law or contract is not necessarily indicative of the insurance subsidiaries actual ability to pay such distributions, which may be further restricted by business and other considerations, such as the impact of such distributions on surplus, which could affect Athene s ratings or competitive position and the amount of premiums that can be written. Specifically, the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from rating agencies, including S P, AM Best, Fitch and Moody s, is of particular concern when determining the amount of capital available for distributions. AHL believes its insurance subsidiaries have sufficient statutory capital and surplus, combined with additional capital available to be provided by AHL, to meet their financial strength ratings objectives. Finally, state insurance laws and regulations require that the statutory surplus of Athene s insurance subsidiaries following any dividend or distribution must be reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and adequate for the insurance subsidiaries financial needs. 
 155 

Table of Contents 

Other Sources of Funding 
 
 Athene may seek to secure additional funding at the AHL level by means other than dividends from subsidiaries, such as by drawing on its undrawn 1.25 billion AHL credit facility, drawing on its undrawn 2.6 billion AHL liquidity facility or by pursuing future issuances of debt or preferred stock to third-party investors. The AHL credit facility contains various standard covenants with which Athene must comply, including maintaining a consolidated debt-to-capitalization ratio of not greater than 35 , maintaining a minimum consolidated net worth of no less than 14.8 billion and restrictions on the ability to incur liens, with certain exceptions. Rates, ratios and terms are as defined in the AHL credit facility. The AHL liquidity facility also contains various standard covenants with which Athene must comply, including maintaining an ALRe minimum consolidated net worth of no less than 10.2 billion and restrictions on the ability to incur liens, with certain exceptions. Rates and terms are as defined in the AHL liquidity facility. 
 
 Future Debt Obligations 
 
 Athene had long-term debt of 5.7 billion as of September 30, 2024, which includes notes with maturities in 2028, 2030, 2031, 2033, 2034, 2051, 2052, 2054 and 2064. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2024, Athene issued 600 million of 6.625 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Debentures due October 15, 2054. See note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding Athene s debt arrangements. 
 
 Capital 
 
 Athene believes it has a strong capital position and is well positioned to meet policyholder and other obligations. Athene measures capital sufficiency using an internal capital model which reflects management s view on the various risks inherent to its business, the amount of capital required to support its core operating strategies and the amount of capital necessary to maintain its current ratings in a recessionary environment. The amount of capital required to support Athene s core operating strategies is determined based upon internal modeling and analysis of economic risk, as well as inputs from rating agency capital models and consideration of both NAIC RBC and Bermuda capital requirements. Capital in excess of this required amount is considered excess equity capital, which is available to deploy. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, Athene s U.S. RBC ratio was 392 and 387 , respectively, its Bermuda RBC ratio was 400 and 407 , respectively, and its consolidated RBC ratio was 412 and 416 , respectively. The formulas for determining the amount of RBC specify various weighting factors that are applied to financial balances or various levels of activity based on the perceived degree of risk. The RBC of Athene s Bermuda insurance companies presented herein excludes the impact of any deferred taxes that may be recorded on a statutory basis as a result of the enactment of the Bermuda CIT. Athene is currently assessing deferred taxes that may be recorded on a statutory basis as a result of the Bermuda CIT, which could have a positive impact on the statutory capital and surplus of its Bermuda insurance companies. 
 
 ACRA 
 
 ACRA 1 provided Athene with access to on-demand capital to support its growth strategies and capital deployment opportunities. ACRA 1 provided a capital source to fund both Athene s inorganic and organic channels. The commitment period for ACRA 1 expired in August 2023. 
 
 Similar to ACRA 1, ACRA 2 was funded in December 2022 as another long-duration, on-demand capital vehicle. Effective October 1, 2024, ACRA 2 repurchased a portion of its shares held by ALRe, which increased ADIP II s ownership of economic interests in ACRA 2 to 63 , with ALRe owning the remaining 37 . ALRe holds all of ACRA 2 s voting interests. ACRA 2 participates in certain transactions by drawing a portion of the required capital for such transactions from third-party investors equal to ADIP II s proportionate economic interest in ACRA 2. 
 
 These strategic capital solutions allow Athene the flexibility to simultaneously deploy capital across multiple accretive avenues, while maintaining a strong financial position. 
 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses and should be read in conjunction with our significant accounting policies described in note 2 of our consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Annual Report. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 
 The following is a summary of our accounting policies that are affected most by judgments, estimates and assumptions. 
 
 Consolidation of VIEs 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Performance Fees within Investment Income 
 Management Fees 
 Investments, at fair value 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 Equity-based compensation 
 Profit sharing expense 
 Income taxes 
 Valuation of Fixed Maturity Securities, Equity Securities and Mortgage Loans 
 Impairment of investments and allowances for expected credit losses 
 Derivatives valuation, including embedded derivatives 
 Future policy benefits 
 Market risk benefits 
 
 The above critical accounting estimates and judgments are discussed in detail in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies of our 2023 Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 A list of recent accounting pronouncements that are relevant to Apollo and its industries is included in note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Fixed and determinable payments due in connection with the Company s material contractual obligations are as follows as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 (In millions) 2024 2025 - 2026 
 2027 - 2028 
 2029 and Thereafter Total Asset Management Operating lease obligations 1 
 18 165 160 509 852 Other long-term obligations 2 
 16 21 37 AMH credit facility 3 
 2 1 3 Debt obligations 3 
 55 925 394 6,639 8,013 AOG Unit payment 4 
 44 44 133 1,113 555 7,148 8,949 Retirement Services Interest sensitive contract liabilities 3,535 45,833 71,780 124,288 245,436 Future policy benefits 802 6,008 5,665 40,487 52,962 Market risk benefits 6,234 6,234 Other policy claims and benefits 107 107 Dividends payable to policyholders 2 16 14 60 92 Debt 3 
 77 585 1,565 8,891 11,118 Securities to repurchase 5 
 36 1,618 1,300 2,954 4,559 54,060 80,324 179,960 318,903 Obligations 4,692 55,173 80,879 187,108 327,852 1 Operating lease obligations excludes 155 million of other operating expenses associated with operating leases. 
 2 Includes (i) payments on management service agreements related to certain assets and (ii) payments with respect to certain consulting agreements entered into by the Company. Note that a significant portion of these costs are reimbursable by funds. 
 3 The obligations for debt payments include contractual maturities of principal and estimated future interest payments based on the terms of the debt agreements. See note 11 of the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these debt obligations. 
 4 On December 31, 2021, each holder of AOG Units (other than those held by the Company and Athene) sold a portion of their limited partnership interests to the Company in exchange for the AOG Unit Payment. See note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 5 The obligations for securities to repurchase payments include contractual maturities of principal and estimated future interest payments based on the terms of the agreements. Future interest payments on floating rate repurchase agreements were calculated using the September 30, 2024 interest rate. 
 
 Note: Due to the fact that the timing of certain amounts to be paid cannot be determined or for other reasons discussed below, the following contractual commitments have not been presented in the table above. 
 (i) As noted previously, the tax receivable agreement requires us to pay to our Former Managing Partners and Contributing Partners 85 of any tax savings received by AGM and its subsidiaries from our step-up in tax basis. The tax savings achieved may not ensure that we have sufficient cash available to pay this liability and we might be required to incur additional debt to satisfy this liability. 
 (ii) Debt amounts related to the consolidated VIEs are not presented in the table above as the Company is not a guarantor of these non-recourse liabilities. 
 (iii) In connection with the Stone Tower acquisition, Apollo agreed to pay the former owners of Stone Tower a specified percentage of any future performance fees earned from certain of the Stone Tower funds, CLOs and strategic investment accounts. In connection with the acquisition of Griffin Capital s U.S. asset management business on May 3, 2022, Apollo agreed to pay the former owners certain share-based consideration contingent on specified AUM and capital raising thresholds. These contingent consideration liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each reporting period until the obligations are satisfied. See note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the contingent consideration liabilities. 
 (iv) Commitments from certain of our subsidiaries to contribute to the funds we manage and certain related parties. 
 
 Atlas 
 
 In connection with the Company and CS s previously announced transaction, certain subsidiaries of Atlas acquired certain assets of the CS Securitized Products Group (the Transaction ). Under the terms of the Transaction, Atlas originally agreed to pay CS an amount of 3.3 billion by February 8, 2028. This deferred purchase price is an obligation first of Atlas, second of AAA, third of AAM, fourth of AHL and fifth of AARe. Each of AARe and AAM has issued an assurance letter to CS for the full deferred purchase obligation amount of 3.3 billion. In March 2024, in connection with Atlas concluding its investment management agreement with CS, Atlas will no longer receive 0.8 billion of fees and the deferred purchase price obligation is reduced by a corresponding amount from 3.3 billion to 2.5 billion. In addition, certain strategic investors have made equity commitments to Atlas which therefore obligates these investors for a portion of the deferred purchase price obligation. 
 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 In exchange for the purchase price, Atlas originally received approximately 0.4 billion in cash and a portfolio of senior secured warehouse assets, subject to debt, with approximately 1 billion of tangible equity value. These warehouse assets are senior secured assets at industry standard loan-to-value ratios, structured to investment grade-equivalent criteria, and were approved by Atlas in connection with this Transaction. Atlas also benefits generally from the net spread earned on these assets in excess of its cost of financing. Finally, Atlas will earn total fees of 0.4 billion under the terms of the investment management agreement with CS, including management fees and transition and termination payments. As a result, the guarantee related to the Company s aforementioned assurance letter is not probable of payment hence there is no liability on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 The 2053 Subordinated Notes issued by AGM are guaranteed on a junior, unsecured basis, and the 2033 Senior Notes and the 2054 Senior Notes issued by AGM are both guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis, by AAM, together with certain Apollo intermediary holding companies (collectively, the Guarantors ). The Guarantors fully and unconditionally guarantee payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest (i) on the 2053 Subordinated Notes on a subordinated, unsecured basis and (ii) on the 2033 Senior Notes and the 2054 Senior Notes on a senior, unsecured basis. See note 11 of the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion on these debt obligations. 
 
 AGM, as issuer, and the Guarantors are holding companies. The primary sources of cash flow are dependent upon distributions from their respective subsidiaries to meet their future obligations under the notes and the guarantees, respectively. The 2033 Senior Notes, the 2054 Senior Notes and the 2053 Subordinated Notes are not guaranteed by any fee generating businesses, Apollo-managed funds, or Athene and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Holders of the guaranteed registered debt securities will have a direct claim only against AGM as issuer. 
 
 The following tables present summarized financial information of AGM, as the issuer of the debt securities, and the Guarantors on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances within the Guarantors and equity in the earnings from and investments in any non-guarantor subsidiary. As used herein, obligor group means AGM, as the issuer of the debt securities, and the Guarantors on a combined basis. The summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of Rule 13-01 under SEC Regulation S-X for the obligor group and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the obligor group in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as such principles are in effect in the United States. 
 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Summarized Statements of Financial Condition 
 Current assets, less receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries 2,670 2,747 Non-current assets 8,777 7,165 Due from related parties, excluding non-guarantor subsidiaries 709 357 Current liabilities, less payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries 895 997 Non-current liabilities 7,045 6,107 Due to related parties, excluding non-guarantor subsidiaries 246 222 Non-controlling interests 9 12 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 Summarized Statements of Operations 
 Revenues 3,004 Net income (loss) 183 Net income (loss) attributable to obligor group 106 
 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 The following are transactions of the obligor group with non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 Due from non-guarantor subsidiaries 140 Due to non-guarantor subsidiaries 440 Intercompany revenue 909 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of incurring losses due to adverse changes in market rates and prices. Included in market risk are potential losses in value due to credit and counterparty risk, interest rate risk, currency risk, commodity price risk, equity price risk and inflation risk. 
 
 In our asset management business, our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as investment manager and general partner for the funds we manage and the sensitivity to movements in the fair value of their investments and resulting impact on performance fees and management fee revenues. Our direct investments in the funds we manage also expose us to market risk whereby movements in the fair values of the underlying investments will increase or decrease both net gains (losses) from investment activities and income (loss) from equity method investments. 
 
 Our retirement services business is exposed to market risk through its investment portfolio, its counterparty exposures and its hedging and reinsurance activities. Athene s primary market risk exposures are to credit risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk and inflation risk. 
 
 For a discussion of our market risk exposures in general, please see Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our 2023 Annual Report, which is accessible on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov and is incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 There have been no material changes to market risk exposures from those previously disclosed in the Company s 2023 Annual Report, except as described below. 
 
 Sensitivities 
 
 Retirement Services 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Athene assesses interest rate exposure for financial assets and liabilities using hypothetical stress tests and exposure analyses. Assuming all other factors are constant, if there was an immediate parallel increase in interest rates of 100 basis points from levels as of September 30, 2024, Athene estimates a net decrease to its point-in-time income (loss) before income tax (provision) benefit from changes in the fair value of these financial instruments of 2.5 billion, net of offsets. If there was a similar parallel increase in interest rates from levels as of December 31, 2023, Athene estimates a net decrease to its point-in-time income (loss) before income tax (provision) benefit from changes in the fair value of these financial instruments of 2.5 billion, net of offsets. The financial instruments included in the sensitivity analysis are carried at fair value and changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. These financial instruments include derivative instruments, embedded derivatives, mortgage loans, certain fixed maturity securities and market risk benefits. The sensitivity analysis excludes those financial instruments carried at fair value for which changes in fair value are recognized in equity, such as AFS fixed maturity securities. 
 
 Assuming a 25 basis point increase in interest rates that persists for a 12-month period, the estimated impact to spread related earnings due to the change in net investment spread from floating rate assets and liabilities would be an increase of approximately 30 40 million, and a 25 basis point decrease would generally result in a similar decrease. This is calculated without regard to future changes to assumptions and excludes the impact of rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2024, Athene s balance in cash and cash equivalents plus restricted cash, net investment payables and receivables, reinsurance impacts and the net derivative collateral offsetting the related cash positions, was 8.4 billion, net of the amount attributable to the non-controlling interests. The decrease in sensitivity to spread related earnings due to the change 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 in net investment spread from floating rate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023, was driven by the decrease in Athene s net floating rate position related to hedging actions as well as additional issuances of floating rate funding agreements in 2024. 
 
 With the implementation of the Long Duration Targeted Improvements accounting standard, changes in the fair value of market risk benefits due to current period movement in the interest rate curve used to discount the reserve are reflected in net income (loss) but excluded from spread related earnings. However, changes in interest rates that impact the cost of the projected GLWB and GMDB rider benefits, included within Athene s market risk benefit reserve, are amortized within cost of funds in spread related earnings over the life of the business. Assuming a parallel increase in interest rates of 25 basis points, the estimated impact to spread related earnings over a 12-month period related to market risk benefits would be an increase of approximately 30 50 million, and a parallel decrease in interest rates of 25 basis points would generally result in a similar decrease. This is calculated without regard to future changes to assumptions. 
 
 Athene is unable to make forward-looking estimates regarding the impact on net income (loss) of changes in interest rates that persist for a longer period of time, or changes in the shape of the yield curve over time, as a result of an inability to determine how such changes will affect certain of the items that Athene characterizes as adjustments to income (loss) before income taxes in its reconciliation between net income (loss) available to AHL common stockholder and spread related earnings. See Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures for the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to AGM common stockholders to adjusted net income, of which SRE is a component. The impact of changing rates on these adjustments is likely to be significant. See above for a discussion regarding the estimated impact on income (loss) before income tax (provision) benefit of an immediate, parallel increase in interest rates of 100 basis points from levels as of September 30, 2024, which discussion encompasses the impact of such an increase on certain of the adjustment items. 
 
 The models used to estimate the impact of changes in market interest rates incorporate numerous assumptions, require significant estimates and assume an immediate change in interest rates without any discretionary management action to counteract such a change. Consequently, potential changes in Athene s valuations indicated by these simulations will likely be different from the actual changes experienced under any given interest rate scenarios and these differences may be material. Because Athene actively manages its assets and liabilities, the net exposure to interest rates can vary over time. However, any such decreases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, unless related to credit concerns of the issuer requiring recognition of credit losses, would generally be realized only if Athene were required to sell such securities at losses to meet liquidity needs. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures , as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See a summary of the Company s legal proceedings set forth in note 16 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the information under the heading "Risk Factors" in our 2023 Annual Report, which is accessible on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 The risks described in our 2023 Annual Report are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report, except for the following: 
 
 Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our businesses. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations and requirements to obtain and maintain licenses and/or other approvals, by government agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of the various laws and regulations to which we are subject are discussed in Item 1. Business Regulatory and Compliance Matters in our 2023 Annual Report. As detailed in that section, certain of our businesses, subsidiaries and/or affiliates are, among others, regulated under the Investment Advisers Act; the Investment Company Act; the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive; the EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive; the EU General Data Protection Regulation (as implemented in countries in the European Economic Area) and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation; the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 and potentially various new and emerging EU and U.K. cybersecurity laws; the Cayman Islands Data Protection Act; the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and a variety of other U.S. state privacy and cybersecurity laws; the Regulation on OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories; as well as by the Financial Stability Oversight Council and similar non-U.S. regulators; the Federal Reserve; the SEC; FINRA; the U.S. Department of Labor; the Internal Revenue Service IRS the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; the Federal Communications Commission; insurance regulators in U.S. states, the EU, Bermuda, U.K., Ireland, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Australia, Singapore, Canada, Cayman Islands and Malaysia; banking regulators in Germany, Slovenia and Spain; as well as rules and regulations regarding CLO risk retention, real estate investment trusts, broker-dealers, over the counter derivatives markets, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors, gaming companies, and natural resources companies. We distribute many of our products through financial intermediaries, including third-party broker-dealers, and as such, increasing broker-dealer regulation (particularly concerning marketing and sales practices) could make it more difficult and expensive for us to distribute such products. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to public officials or other parties, including restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as economic sanctions and export control laws administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State. Increasingly, we are or may be subject to new initiatives and additional rules and regulations relating to sustainable finance and/or environmental, social and governance matters, including but not limited to: in the EU, the EU Regulation on the Establishment of a Framework to Facilitate Sustainable Investment as well as the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and supporting regulatory technical standards; and, in the U.K., the U.K. FCA s disclosure rules for asset managers aligned with the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures as well as the forthcoming Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment labelling regime and the proposed U.K. Green Taxonomy. Compliance with such laws and regulations requires increasing amounts of resources and the attention of our management team. Any violation, even if alleged, of such laws and regulations or any failure to obtain or maintain licenses and/or other regulatory approvals as required for our operations may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and prospects. 
 
 Many of these laws and regulations empower regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions and insurance departments in the U.S., to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in penalties, fines, suspensions or revocations of licenses and/or other regulatory approvals, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, enforcement 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 actions and settlements, or the suspension or expulsion of an investment adviser from registration or memberships. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or fail to gain new investors. These requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in the funds we manage and policyholders of our retirement services and other businesses and may not necessarily be designed to protect our stockholders. Other regulations, such as those promulgated by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and similar foreign direct investment regimes in other jurisdictions, may impair our ability to invest the funds we manage and/or for such funds to realize full value from our investments in certain industries and countries. 
 
 Our businesses may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by U.S. or foreign government agencies or self-regulatory organizations. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these government agencies and self-regulatory organizations. For instance, the SEC and other regulators have been increasing regulation of private funds and advisers to private funds, and this type of regulation may make it more difficult for us to manage and distribute both our private fund products and our products that are purchased by third-party private fund managers. 
 
 In addition to the foregoing risks, the financial services industry is the focus of increased regulatory scrutiny as various U.S. state and federal government agencies and self-regulatory organizations conduct inquiries and investigations into the products and practices of the companies within this industry. Government authorities and standard setters in the U.S. and worldwide (including the International Association of Insurance Supervisors IAIS )) have become increasingly interested in potential risks posed by the insurance industry as a whole, and to commercial and financial activities and systems in general, as indicated by the development of the global insurance capital standard by the IAIS to be applicable to internationally active insurance groups IAIGs ), as well as the NAIC s adoption of the group capital calculation and liquidity stress test, each of which the Iowa Insurance Division IID has adopted and is now applicable to us. On February 6, 2024, the IID identified AGM as meeting the criteria as an IAIG and further identified Athene as the Head of the IAIG. As a result of these identifications, we expect Athene to be subject to the relevant capital standard that the U.S. applies to IAIGs. At this time, we do not expect a significant impact on Athene s capital position or capital structure; however, we cannot fully predict with certainty the impact (if any) on Athene s capital position or capital structure and any other burdens being named an IAIG may impose on Athene or its insurance affiliates. 
 
 Guaranty associations may also subject member insurers, including Athene, to assessments that require the insurers to pay funds to cover contractual obligations under insurance policies issued by insurance companies that become impaired or insolvent. These associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on each member insurer doing business in a particular state on the basis of their proportionate share of the premiums written by all member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired or insolvent insurer previously engaged. Most states limit assessments in any year to 2 of the insurer s average annual premium for the three years preceding the calendar year in which the impaired insurer became impaired or insolvent. Although Athene has not historically paid material amounts in connection with these assessments, we cannot accurately predict the magnitude of such amounts in the future, or accurately predict which past or future insolvencies of other insurers could lead to such assessments. If material, such future assessments may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows and any liability we have previously established for these potential assessments may not be adequate. See also note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have been and may be the target or the subject of third-party litigation from time to time that could result in significant liabilities and/or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 The activities of our businesses, including the investment activities of the funds we manage and activities of our employees in connection with the funds, their portfolio companies, our insurance subsidiaries, as well as publicly listed vehicles we manage or sponsor may subject us and certain of our employees to the risk of litigation, including class actions, by third parties, including fund investors dissatisfied with the performance or management of such funds, holders of our or the funds portfolio companies debt or equity, policyholders of our retirement services business, public stockholders and a variety of other potential litigants. In general, we will be exposed to risk of litigation by our investors if our management of any fund is alleged to constitute bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, willful or reckless disregard for our duties to the fund, breach of fiduciary duties or securities laws, or other forms of misconduct. If such allegations are made against our Board or management, Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL allows stockholders to access corporate books and records to investigate wrongdoing. Fund investors could sue us to recover amounts lost by the funds we manage due 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 to our alleged misconduct, up to the entire amount of loss. Further, we may be subject to litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of the funds we manage or from third-party allegations that we (i) improperly exercised control or influence over companies in which the funds we manage have large investments or (ii) are liable for actions or inactions taken by portfolio companies that such third parties argue we control. We are also exposed to risks of litigation or investigation relating to transactions that presented conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. Our rights to indemnification by the funds we manage may not be upheld if challenged, and our indemnification rights generally do not cover bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, willful or reckless disregard for our duties to the fund or other forms of misconduct. With many highly paid investment professionals and complex compensation and incentive arrangements, we face the risk of lawsuits relating to claims for compensation, which may individually or in the aggregate be significant in amount. We are also increasingly faced with the risk of litigation or investigation in relation to environmental, social and/or governance-related issues given the increasing scrutiny of such issues by investors, other stakeholders, regulators, and other third parties as well as due to the increasing disclosure obligations on our businesses, the funds we manage, and their portfolio companies. Such risks may relate to accusations concerning but not limited to: (i) the activities of portfolio companies, including environmental damage and violations of labor and human rights; (ii) misrepresentations of the investment strategies of the funds we manage as well as about our, the funds , and their investments performance against environmental, social and/or governance-related measures and/or initiatives; or (iii) breaches of fiduciary duty in relation to the funds we manage and other violations of law related to the management of environmental, social and/or governance-related risks. 
 
 If any civil or criminal litigation brought against us were to result in a finding of substantial legal liability or culpability, the litigation could, in addition to any financial damage, cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance on commercially reasonable terms or with adequate coverage levels against potential liabilities we may face in connection with potential claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, our business has been, and may continue to be, the subject of litigation between third parties that could negatively impact us. For example, beginning in March 2024, a number of putative class actions were filed in federal courts in the U.S. against certain customers of Athene, in their respective capacities as plan sponsors, alleging violations of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA in connection with their transfer of pension obligations under defined benefit plans governed under ERISA and their purchase of pension group annuity PGA contracts from Athene. The lawsuits seek, inter alia , that defendants guarantee the annuities purchased from Athene and disgorge any profits earned from the transactions. Although Athene is not a named defendant, the lawsuits make several negative allegations about Athene and its business, which we believe to be untrue. Negative public perceptions of Athene and its business could adversely affect (and may have already adversely affected) its ability to attract and retain customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, these lawsuits could lead to increased regulatory and governmental scrutiny of Athene s business and the industry overall, and/or result in Athene becoming involved in these lawsuits or even being named as a defendant in future lawsuits related to its PGA business, which could result in additional expenses, adverse regulations and oversight, and/or additional reputational harm. These lawsuits could also spur similar copycat lawsuits, which could further impact Athene s PGA business. To the extent that the inflows in Athene s PGA business are negatively impacted by these lawsuits and any related regulatory and governmental scrutiny, Athene may seek to increase its inflows in its other distribution channels, including by issuing additional funding agreements within its institutional channel. However, there are no assurances that Athene would be successful in replacing any PGA inflows with inflows from other distribution channels or that such other inflows would result in comparable spreads. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company issued 51,382 restricted shares under the 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles and 5,293 restricted shares under the 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to certain holders of vested performance fee rights. The shares were issued in private placements in reliance on Regulation D or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding repurchases of shares of common stock during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Period Total number of shares of common stock purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares of common stock purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 1 
 Approximate dollar value of common stock that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 Opportunistic repurchases Equity award-related repurchases 2 
 Total 2,377,209,744 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 Opportunistic repurchases 3,470,725 3,470,725 Equity award-related repurchases 2 
 468,108 468,108 Total 3,938,833 105.53 3,938,833 1,961,537,827 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 Opportunistic repurchases 554,000 554,000 Equity award-related repurchases 2 
 Total 554,000 107.52 554,000 1,901,969,206 Total Opportunistic repurchases 4,024,725 4,024,725 Equity award-related repurchases 2 
 468,108 468,108 Total 4,492,833 4,492,833 1 On February 8, 2024, the AGM board of directors terminated the Company s prior share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase program, pursuant to which, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 3.0 billion of shares of its common stock to opportunistically reduce the Company s share count or offset the dilutive impact of share issuances under the Company s equity incentive plans. Under the share repurchase program, repurchases may be of outstanding shares of common stock occurring from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, as well as through reductions of shares that otherwise would have been issued to participants under the Company s Equity Plan in order to satisfy associated tax obligations. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time. The program is effective until the aggregate repurchase amount that has been approved by the AGM board of directors has been expended. The program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 2 Represents repurchases of shares of common stock in order to offset the dilutive impact of share issuances under the Equity Plan including reductions of shares of common stock that otherwise would have been issued to participants under the Company s Equity Plan in order to satisfy associated tax obligations. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of AGM or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and among Apollo Global Management, Inc., Athene Holding Ltd., Tango Holdings, Inc., Blue Merger Sub, Ltd., and Green Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Apollo Asset Management, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2021 (File No. 001-35107)). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Tango Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K12B filed on January 3, 2022 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 3.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K12B filed on January 3, 2022 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2023 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K12B filed on January 3, 2022 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 4.1 Form of 6.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate (included in Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2023 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2023, among Apollo Global Management, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2023 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 4.3 Form of 7.625 Fixed-Rate Resettable Junior Subordinated Notes due 2053 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2023 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2023, among Apollo Global Management, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2023 (File No. 001-41197)). 
 4.5 Form of 6.375 Senior Notes due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2023 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2024, among Apollo Global Management, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2024 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.7 Form of 5.800 Senior Notes due 2054 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2024 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2024, among Apollo Global Management, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2024 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 4.9 Form of 6.000 Fixed-Rate Resettable Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 (included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2024 (File No. 001-41197), which is incorporated by reference). 
 4.10 Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 168 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Apollo Global Management, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Martin Kelly Name: Martin Kelly Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and authorized signatory) 

169 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Marc Rowan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s Marc Rowan Marc Rowan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Martin Kelly, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Apollo Global Management, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s Martin Kelly Martin Kelly Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marc Rowan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s Marc Rowan Marc Rowan Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s Martin Kelly Martin Kelly Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 apo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apo-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

