<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_728385_0001477932-24-007130.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5602148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102274</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>964366</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1414182</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1210460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1768744</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007130.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114060355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007130
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Birchtech Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				870398271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33067
		FILM NUMBER:		241456744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1810 JESTER DRIVE
		CITY:			CORSICANA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		614-505-6115

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1810 JESTER DRIVE
		CITY:			CORSICANA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Youth Media, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIGICORP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007130.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 meec_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

meec_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended Commission file number (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal Executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not applicable (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No State the number of shares outstanding of each of the Issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Common, .001 par value per share, outstanding as of November 14, 2024. BIRCHTECH CORP. (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. 4 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 28 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 35 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 36 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 36 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 36 Item 3. Default upon Senior Securities. 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 36 Item 5. Other Information. 36 Item 6. Exhibits. 37 SIGNATURES 38 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and reflect our current expectations regarding our future growth, results of operations, cash flows, performance and business prospects, and opportunities, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by using words such as anticipate, believe, plan, expect, intend, will, and similar expressions, but these words are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Such risks include, without limitation, the following: the loss of major customers; dependence on availability and retention of key suppliers; changes, or lack of changes, in environmental regulations; risks related to advancements in technologies; lack of diversification in the Company s business; risks related to intellectual property, including the ability to protect intellectual property and the success of any patent litigation; competition risks; changes in demand for coal as a fuel source for electricity production; ability to retain key personnel; absence of a liquid public market for our common stock; share price volatility; the potential that dividends may never be declared; and other factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information presented in this report, and particularly our forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements. Except to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. BIRCHTECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash Accounts receivable Income tax receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Security deposits Property and equipment, net Right of use asset - operating lease Intellectual property, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses (related party and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Income tax payable Current portion of operating lease liability Customer credits Accrued salaries Total current liabilities Operating lease liability, net of current portion Secured note payable, net of discount related party Unsecured note payable, net of discount and issuance costs related party Profit share liability related party Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders Equity (deficit) Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized, no shares issued Common stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively. Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity (deficit) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents BIRCHTECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses (related party of 269,467, 137,967, 635,864 and 379,634) Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income (expense) Interest expense (related party of Nil, 342,647, 245,817 and 1,017,671) Gain (loss) on change in fair value of profit share and unsecured note Other income Total other income (expense) Loss before benefit for income taxes Benefit for income taxes Net loss Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents BIRCHTECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (UNAUDITED) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Par Value Capital (Deficit) Total Balance - January 1, 2024 Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Gain on modification of related party debt - Share based payments - Net loss - Balance - March 31, 2024 Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Stock issued for cashless exercise of warrants Share based payments - Net loss - Balance June 30, 2024 Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Stock issued for exercise of warrants Stock issued for cashless exercise of warrants Share based payments - Net loss - Balance September 30, 2024 6 Table of Contents Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital (Deficit) Total Balance - January 1, 2023 Issuance of stock options - Stock issued for cash exercise of options Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Issuance of stock for compensation - Net loss - Balance - March 31, 2023 Issuance of stock options - Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Issuance of stock for compensation Net loss - Balance - June 30, 2023 Issuance of stock options - Stock issued for cashless exercise of options Issuance of stock for compensation Net loss - Balance - September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents BIRCHTECH CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Stock-based compensation amortization of prepaid services Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of discount of notes payable Amortization of right to use assets operating lease Amortization of patent rights Depreciation expense Loss on change in fair value of profit share and unsecured note Change in assets and liabilities Decrease in accounts receivable Increase in income tax receivable Decrease (Increase) in inventory Decrease (Increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Decrease in income tax payable Decrease (Increase) in accrued salaries Decrease in operating lease liability Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of unsecured note payable Repayment of secured note payable Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS Capital from related party debt extinguishments Recognition of ROU asset and operating lease liability See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents BIRCHTECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) of ME2C Acquisition Corp. A decision was made in January 2023 to liquidate these entities. As such, as of December 31, 2022, the Company wrote off the assets for these entities and recorded a loss. million in cash at September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company had working capital of approximately million and an accumulated deficit of approximately million at September 30, 2024. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Based upon the Company s current cash position, revenues from operations and the recent debt repayment and restructuring (see Note 7 - Related Party), management believes the Company will have sufficient working capital to fund operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 9 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation owned by ME2C Sponsor LLC (collectively, the Company ). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates Recoverability of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets Fair Value of Financial Instruments 10 Table of Contents Total Liabilities Total Liabilities (1) See Note 7 - Related Party Revenue Recognition 11 Table of Contents Disaggregation of Revenue License revenue Demonstrations Consulting revenue Equipment revenue License revenue Demonstrations Consulting revenue Equipment revenue 12 Table of Contents . Income Taxes Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Share 13 Table of Contents Warrants Restricted stock units - Total common stock equivalents excluded from dilutive loss per share Concentration of Credit Risk Customer and Supplier Concentration , , and of the Company s revenues, and for nine months ended September 30, 2023, three customers represented , , and of the Company s revenues. At September 30, 2024, four customers represented , , and of the Company s accounts receivable, and at September 30, 2023, three customers represented , and of the Company s accounts receivable For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of the Company s purchases related to two suppliers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of the Company s purchases related to three suppliers. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, and of the Company s accounts payable and accrued expenses related to two vendors, respectively. The Company believes there are numerous other suppliers that could be substituted should a supplier become unavailable or non-competitive. Contingencies Recently Issued Accounting Standards 14 Table of Contents Spare Parts Finished Goods Leasehold improvements Trucking equipment Lab equipment Office equipment, computer equipment and software Total equipment Less: accumulated depreciation Construction in process Property and equipment, net The Company uses the straight-line method of depreciation over estimated useful lives of to years. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 depreciation expense was and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 depreciation expense was and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, lab equipment included deposits for of lab equipment not yet placed in service. domestic and foreign patents and patent applications were included in the acquisition. In accordance with the terms of the License Agreement, the patent rights were acquired for the purchase price of (i) in cash, and (ii) shares of common stock of which shares were issued to the Energy and Environmental Research Center Foundation and were issued to the inventors who had been designated by the Energy and Environmental Research Center Foundation. The shares issued were valued at per share), representing the value as of the closing date. 15 Table of Contents Less: Accumulated amortization Intellectual property, net Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Estimated annual amortization for each of the next 9 years is as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2026 December 31, 2027 December 31, 2028 Thereafter Total per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on or before the last day of each fiscal quarter. On February 25, 2019, per Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Financing Agreement, AC Midwest extended the maturity date from December 15, 2018 to August 25, 2022. On October 28, 2022, the Company, along with MES, and AC Midwest, executed Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Financing Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the AC Midwest Secured Note was extended to August 25, 2025. In addition, . The Company has accounted for the extension as debt extinguishment with a related party. As such the Company recorded a capital contribution of for the year ended December 31, 2022 on this exchange which is related to the difference in fair value of the note on the date of the exchange. On February 27, 2024, . As a result of the repayment of the remaining principal balance under the AC Midwest Secured Debt, the Company and AC Midwest executed a Satisfaction and Discharge of Secured Debt confirming the cancellation of the AC Midwest Secured Note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total principal of and , respectively, was outstanding on this note. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was Nil and , respectively. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 16 Table of Contents , respectively. Amortized discount recorded as interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unamortized balance of the discount was Nil and , respectively, which was being expensed over the life of the loan. Unsecured Note Payable The Company has the following unsecured note payable - related party outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Repayments Less fair value adjustment on extinguishment, net of amortized discount of 1,965,984 and 1,547,536, respectively Plus fair value adjustment Total unsecured note payable 1 Less current portion Unsecured note payable, net of current portion On November 29, 2016, pursuant to a restated financing agreement entered with AC Midwest on November 1, 2016, the Company closed on an unsecured note with AC Midwest (the AC Midwest Subordinated Note ), which was to mature on December 15, 2020. On February 25, 2019, the Company, entered into an Unsecured Note Financing Agreement (the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement with AC Midwest, pursuant to which AC Midwest issued an unsecured note in the principal amount of (the AC Midwest Unsecured Note ), which represented the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest at closing. The AC Midwest Unsecured, which replaced the AC Midwest Subordinated Note, was scheduled to mature on August 25, 2022 and bear a zero cash interest rate. The Company determined that the rate of interest on the AC Midwest Subordinated Note was a below market rate of interest and determined that a discount of should be recorded. This discount was based on an applicable market rate for unsecured debt for the Company of and is being amortized as interest expense over the life of the loan. On August 30, 2022, AC Midwest agreed to an extension of the maturity date of the AC Midwest Unsecured Note (and AC Midwest Secured Note) from August 25, 2022 to September 30, 2022. Such extension was expected to provide the Company sufficient time in which to conclude the process of negotiating certain changes and modifications to such financing arrangements. On September 28, 2022, AC Midwest agreed to an additional short-term extension of such maturity date from September 30, 2022 to October 31, 2022. The Company has accounted for the extension as debt extinguishment with a related party. As such the Company recorded a capital contribution of on this exchange which is related to the difference in fair value of the note on the date of the exchange. On October 28, 2022, the Company, along with MES, and AC Midwest, executed Amendment No. 1 to Unsecured Note Financing Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the AC Midwest Unsecured Note was extended to August 25, 2025. In addition, the parties agreed that the Profit Share (see Profit Share below) be increased by from (representing 1.0 times the original principal amount) to . The Company has accounted for the extension as debt extinguishment with a related party. As such the Company recorded a capital contribution of on this exchange which is related to the difference in fair value of the note on the date of the exchange. 17 Table of Contents as a reduction in the outstanding principal balance of the AC Midwest Unsecured Note, and (ii) issued to AC Midwest a new unsecured replacement note representing the remaining outstanding principal balance of the Unsecured Note in the principal amount of (the New Note ). In addition, within 30 days, the Company would either facilitate the private sale to third parties of certain shares of common stock of Any remaining principal balance on the New Note shall be due August 27, 2024 (the New Note Maturity Date ), which is six months from February 27, 2024. Until repaid in full, the New Note shall accrue interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus per annum. The New Note completely replaced and superseded the AC Midwest Unsecured Note, which shall be of no further force and effect. On August 26 and 27, 2024, the Company repaid AC Midwest the remaining principal of on the New Note together with accrued interest of . As a result, the only remaining debt obligation under the Debt Restructuring Agreement is the profit participation as described below. The Company has accounted for the February 27, 2024 modification as debt extinguishment with a related party. As such the Company recorded a capital charge of on this exchange which is related to the difference in fair value of the New Note on the date of the exchange. The New Note represented a hybrid instrument and the Company elected to apply fair value option accounting to the New Note. Cash flows of the hybrid instrument in its entirety are discounted at an appropriate rate for the applicable duration of the instrument. Interest on the interest-bearing portion of the instrument that is held to maturity is aggregated as loss on change in fair value of profit share and unsecured note in the consolidated statements of operations. Amortized discount recorded as interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was Nil and , respectively. Amortized discount recorded as interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unamortized balance of the discount was Nil and , respectively, which is being expensed over the life of the loan. Profit Share Pursuant to the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement, AC Midwest was also entitled to a non-recourse profit participation preference equal to 1.0 times the original principal amount of the AC Midwest Unsecured Note which on October 28, 2022 was increased to (the Profit Share ). Prior to maturity, the outstanding principal, as well as the Profit Share, were to be paid from Net Litigation Proceeds from claims relating to the Company s intellectual property, Net Revenue Share, Adjusted Free Cash Flow and Equity Offering Net Proceeds (as such terms are defined in the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement). Any remaining principal balance due on the Unsecured Note would be due and payable in full on the maturity date. The Profit Share, however, if not paid in full on or before the maturity date would remain subject to the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement until full and final payment. Pursuant to the Debt Restructuring Agreement, AC Midwest was granted a profit participation preference equal to (the Restructured Profit Share which replaces and supersedes the terms and conditions of the Profit Share in the amount of provided for in the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement, which shall be of no further force and effect. The Restructured Profit Share is non-recourse and shall only be paid from Net Litigation Proceeds (as defined in the Debt Restructuring Agreement) from claims relating to the Company s intellectual property. Following the receipt of any Net Litigation Proceeds, the Company shall prepay any remaining principal balance of the New Note and pay the Restructured Profit Share in an amount equal to of such Net Litigation Proceeds until the New Note and Restructured Profit Share have been paid in full. The Restructured Profit Share, if not paid in full on or before the New Note Maturity Date, shall remain subject to the terms of the Debt Restructuring Agreement. In addition to facilitating the private sale to third parties as described above, AC Midwest has granted the Company the exclusive right until December 31, 2024 to facilitate the sale of all or a portion of the remaining balance of the shares of common stock of the Company held by AC Midwest, which proceeds above a certain amount will be applied as a credit against the Restructured Profit Share dollar for dollar (the Facilitation Credit ). 18 Table of Contents on this exchange which is related to the difference in fair value of the Restructured Profit Share on the date of the exchange. The Company is utilizing the methodology behind the ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity to determine how to account for the profit-sharing portion of the note payable. Although the transaction is not indexed to MEEC s common stock the profit sharing has the characteristics of a freestanding financial instrument because the profit sharing is not callable by the lender, it will be paid out past the maturity of the Unsecured Note Payable and, the fair value will fluctuate over time based on payment predictions. The Profit Share was determined to have a fair value of upon grant. The discounted cash flow model assumptions used at September 30, 2024 to calculate the Profit Share liability included: upon the receipt of Net Litigation Proceeds in 2025 , and an annual market interest rate of . In addition, the value of the Facilitation Credit was calculated utilizing a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock. The discounted cash flow model assumptions used at December 31, 2023 to calculate the Profit Share liability included: the projected full repayment of the profit share liability of upon the receipt of Net Litigation Proceeds in 2025, and an annual market interest rate of 14.55 . The profit share liability will be marked to market every quarter utilizing management s estimates. The following are the changes in the profit share liability (the only Level 3 financial instrument) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023: Addition Loss on change in fair value of profit share Profit Share as of December 31, 2023 Profit Share as of January 1, 2024 Modification Loss on change in fair value of profit share Profit Share as of September 30, 2024 Related Party Transactions Kaye Cooper Kay Rosenberg, LLP provides certain legal services to the Company and the Company incurred and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was paid and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for legal services rendered and disbursement incurred. David M. Kaye, a Director of the Company, is a partner of the law firm. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was owed to the firm for services rendered. On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a License and Supply Agreement with Dakin Holdings Ltd., a company incorporated in Barbados Dakin ), effective as of January 1, 2023, pursuant to which Dakin has granted to the Company (i) a limited license to manufacture and produce for Dakin products comprising certain intellectual property owned by Dakin (the Dakin IP ), and (ii) an exclusive license to commercialize the Dakin IP in the United States. In addition, the Company shall pay Dakin a license fee of per month for a three-year period commencing as of the effective date and pay Dakin a royalty on all sales in the United States of the products comprising the Dakin IP made by the Company. Dakin is a company owned and controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Dakin incurred and license fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Dakin incurred 112,500 and 112,500 license fees. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was owed to Dakin for license fees. On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with Greenberg Enterprises, LLC Greenberg Enterprises ), pursuant to which Greenberg Enterprises will be paid for certain administrative support provided to the Company since January 1, 2024 and administrative support to be provided in the future to the Company including but not limited to general office and technical support, project management and support, and vendor relations support. During the three months and nine ended September 30, 2024, Greenberg Enterprises provided and respectively, for administrative services and and respectively, for expense reimbursement. Greenberg Enterprises is a company owned and controlled by Christopher Greenberg, Chairman of the Board of the Company. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was owed to Christopher Greenberg. 19 Table of Contents . On June 1, 2019, the lease was extended to March 31, 2024, and on March 28, 2024, the lease was further extended for an additional . . The Company recorded a right of use asset and an operating lease liability of . This amount represents the difference between the value from the remaining lease and the extended lease. On August 1, 2024, the Company entered into a -year lease for laboratory space in Grand Forks, North Dakota. The lease contains an option to extend for a further three years that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. . Upon commencement of the lease the Company recorded a right of use asset and an operating lease liability of . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and liabilities as follows: Current portion of operating lease liability Operating lease liability Future remaining minimum lease payments under these non-cancelable leases are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Less discount Total lease liabilities Less current portion Operating lease obligation, net of current portion The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases is years and the weighted average discount rate used in calculating the operating lease asset and liability is . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, payments on lease obligations were and , respectively, and amortization on the right of use assets was and , respectively. 20 Table of Contents . These patents relate to the Company s two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive (SEA process for mercury removal from coal-fired power plants. Named as defendants in the lawsuit were (i) Vistra Energy Corp., AEP Generation Resources Inc., NRG Energy, Inc., Talen Energy Corporation, and certain of their respective affiliated entities, all of which are owners and/or operators of coal-fired power plants in the United States, and (ii) Arthur J. Gallagher Co., DTE REF Holdings, LLC, CERT Coal Holdings LLC, Chem-Mod LLC, and certain of their respective affiliated entities, and additional named and unnamed defendants, all of which operate or are involved in operations of coal facilities in the United States. In the lawsuit, the Company alleges that each of the defendants has willfully infringed certain of the Company s patents and seeks unspecified damages, attorneys fees, costs and injunctive relief. During 2020, each of the four major utility defendants in the above action filed petitions for Inter Partes Review with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, seeking to invalidate certain claims to the patents which are subject to the litigation. Between July 2020 and January 2021, we entered into agreements with each of the four major utility defendants in such action which included certain monetary arrangements and pursuant to which we have dismissed all claims brought against each of them and their affiliates, and such parties have withdrawn from petitions for Inter Partes Review with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Such agreements entered into with such parties provide each of them and their affiliates with a non-exclusive license to certain Company patents (related to the Company s two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive (SEA process) for use in connection with such parties coal-fired power plants. Subsequently, and as a result of certain rulings by the Court, certain defendants were dismissed in the action, certain defendants were added and certain originally named defendants remained in the action. A jury trial was scheduled for November 13, 2023. On November 9, 2023, the Company entered into a confidential binding term sheet with Arthur J. Gallagher Co., and various of its affiliated entities (collectively AJG ), and DTE Energy Resources LLC and various of its affiliated entities (collectively DTE ), to resolve the patent litigation. Pursuant to the term sheet, all claims and counterclaims asserted by the parties in such patent litigation have been dismissed with prejudice, although such term sheet does not affect any other claim brought against the remaining CERT defendants. The financial aspects of the term sheet remain confidential pursuant to its terms. 21 Table of Contents million patent infringement verdict in favor of the Company against the remaining group of CERT defendants. Such group of affiliated defendants included multiple limited liability companies with refined coal industry operations, including CERT Operations II LLC, CERT Operations IV LLC, CERT Operations V LLC, and CERT Operations RCB LLC. The jury determined that these defendants infringed our patented technologies for mercury emissions and were liable for willful infringement, along with inducing and contributory infringement. Post-trial motions and applications are currently ongoing. In July 2024, the Company commenced three patent infringement lawsuits against multiple defendants, including coal-fired power utilities, in three separate U.S. District Courts in Arizona, Iowa and Missouri. Such lawsuits claim infringement of the Company s patent rights related to the Company s mercury emissions reduction technologies. Named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona are Tucson Electric Power Co., San Carlos Resources, Inc., Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District, Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC, and Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP. Named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Iowa are Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company, MidAmerican Energy Company, PacifiCorp, Alliant Energy Corporation, Interstate Power and Light Company, and Wisconsin Power and Light Company, and named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri are Ameren Corp. and Union Electric Co. In each lawsuit, the Company requests a trial by jury against the defendants and seeks damages, costs, and legal expenses, along with a finding of willful infringement by the defendants, and an injunction prohibiting the defendants from further acts of infringement. See Note 12 Subsequent Events for information on an agreement entered into with one of the utilities and an affiliated entity named as defendants in the patent infringement lawsuit commenced by the Company in the Arizona Action. Except for the foregoing disclosures, the Company is not presently aware of any other material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or of which any of its property is the subject. Litigation, including patent litigation, is inherently subject to uncertainties. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in litigating and/or settling any of these claims. 22 Table of Contents and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense amounted to and , respectively. Such expense is classified in selling, general and administrative expenses. Common Stock On November 8, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock to the Chief Executive Officer. These shares of common stock were valued at in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of the shares will be amortized as an expense over the vesting period. The shares become fully vested on November 8, 2024. The expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Stock Options References herein to the 2014 Plan mean the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and references herein to the 2017 Plan mean the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. On February 1, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Chairman of the Board upon a cash exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share or in the aggregate, (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the option, and (iii) shares of common stock to a director of the Company upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the option. On February 20, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the option. Between February 21, 2023 and February 23, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to three employees and one former employee upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon market prices ranging from to per share as determined under the terms of the options. On March 8, 2023, and pursuant to an advisor agreement dated March 1, 2023 with a nonaffiliated third party, the Company granted a nonqualified stock option under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to such third party to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, representing the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Fifty percent of the option shall vest and become exercisable on September 1, 2023 and the remaining fifty percent shall vest and become exercisable on March 1, 2024. The option will expire five years after the date of grant. Based on a Black-Scholes valuation model, these options were valued at , in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of the shares was being amortized to selling, general and administrative expenses within the Company s consolidated statements of operations over twelve months. The valuation assumptions included an expected duration of years, volatility of , discount rate of and dividends of . On September 30, 2023, the advisor agreement was terminated resulting in 50.0 of the option remaining unvested and unexercisable. On April 4, 2023, and pursuant to a consulting agreement effective April 1, 2023 with a nonaffiliated third party, the Company granted a nonqualified stock option under the 2017 Plan to such third party to acquire shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, representing the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined under the 2017 Plan. . Based on a Black-Scholes valuation model, these options were valued at , in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of the shares was being amortized to selling, general and administrative expenses within the Company s consolidated statements of operations over twelve months. The valuation assumptions included an expected duration of years, volatility of , discount rate of and dividends of . On August 28, 2023, the consulting agreement was terminated resulting in the option remaining unvested and being deemed terminated. 23 Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock exercisable at per share. Fifty percent of the option shall vest and become exercisable on November 26, 2023 and the remaining fifty percent shall vest and become exercisable on May 26, 2024. The option will expire five years after the date of grant. Based on a Black-Scholes valuation model, these options were valued at , in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of the shares is being amortized to selling, general and administrative expenses within the Company s consolidated statements of operations over twelve months. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of stock-based compensation. The valuation assumptions included an expected duration of years, volatility of , discount rate of and dividends of . On June 5, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On June 6, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On June 7, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On June 28, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share based upon a market price of per shares as determined under the terms of the options, (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the option, and (iii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.21 per share based upon a market price of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On July 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and the Company s Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan which amended the Company s previously adopted 2014 Plan and 2017 Plans. Such amendments were made in accordance with the requirements of the TSX Venture Exchange. The 2014 Plan was first approved by the Board on January 10, 2014. The 2017 Plan replaced the 2014 Plan, which was terminated by the Board on April 28, 2017. As a result of such termination, no additional awards may be granted under the 2014 Plan but previously granted awards shall remain outstanding in accordance with their terms and conditions. There are options and no other types of award outstanding under the 2014 Plan. The 2017 Plan was adopted by the Board on February 9, 2017. As amended by the Board on July 3, 2023, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2017 Plan after July 3, 2023 is , and to the extent any award (or portion thereof) outstanding under the 2014 Plan expires, terminates or is cancelled, surrendered or forfeited for any reason on or after July 3, 2023, the shares of common stock subject to such award (or portion thereof) shall be added to and increase the foregoing limit, to a maximum of additional shares of common stock. On July 28, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, and (iii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock. All of such options had an exercise price of per share and such share issuances were based upon a volume weighted average price VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. 24 Table of Contents shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, (iii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, and (iv) shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock. All of such options had an exercise price of per share and such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On October 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at any exercise price of per share based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the term of the options. On October 31, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, and (iii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock. All of such options had an exercise price of per share and such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On November 29, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase 3,062 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the term of the options. On November 30, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, (ii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and (iii) shares of common stock to a former employee upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase a total of shares of common stock, with exercises prices of ranging from to per share. All of such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On December 11, 2023, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, and (ii) shares of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock. All of such options had an exercise price of per share and such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On December 13, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the term of the options. On January 15, 2024, the Company granted nonqualified stock options to certain directors, executive officers and employees to acquire an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under the Company s 2017 Plan. The options granted are exercisable at per share, representing the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant as determined under the 2017 Plan. The options are fully vested and exercisable as of the date of grant and will expire five years thereafter. Based on a Black-Scholes valuation model, these options were valued at , in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, which was expensed on the issuance date in selling, general and administrative expenses within the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The valuation assumptions included an expected duration of years, volatility of , discount rate of and dividends of . On February 27, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to a former employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock covered by an option to purchase a total of shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share. Such share issuance was based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the option. 25 Table of Contents shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and (ii) shares of common stock to the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from 0.27 to per share. Such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On June 28, 2024, the Company issued (i) shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share, (ii) shares of common stock to an employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock covered by an option to purchase a total of shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share, and (iii) shares of common stock to a former employee upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock covered by an option to purchase a total of shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share. Such share issuances were based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the options. On August 3, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to a former consultant upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share. Such share issuance was based upon a VWAP of per share as determined under the terms of the option. A summary of stock option activity is presented below: Grants Expirations Exercised September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at: September 30, 2024 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock price of as of September 30, 2024 (the last trading day of the month of September 2024), which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date. Stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include none that were exercised for cash and which were a cashless exercise. Restricted Share Units On January 15, 2024, the Company granted restricted share units RSUs to a director pursuant to the 2017 Plan. . These shares of common stock were valued at in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of the shares will be amortized as an expense over the vesting period. The shares become fully vested on January 15, 2025. The expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and Nil, respectively. 26 Table of Contents shares of common stock to certain warrant holders upon the cashless exercise of warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market value of per share as determined under the terms of the warrants. On June 18, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon the cashless exercise of a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market value of per share as determined under the terms of the warrant. On August 5, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon the cashless exercise of a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share based upon a market value of per share as determined under the terms of the warrant. On August 22, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon a cash exercise of a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share or in the aggregate. The following is a summary of the Company s warrant activity: Grants - Expirations - Exercised - September 30, 2024 Warrants exercisable at: September 30, 2024 The following table summarizes information about common stock warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024: 27 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere within this report. Certain statements we make under this Item 2 constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See Forward-Looking Statements in Part I preceding Item 1 Financial Statements. You should consider our forward-looking statements in light of the risks discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless indicated otherwise, references in this report to the Company, we, us, or our refer collectively to Birchtech Corp. (formerly Midwest Energy Emissions Corp.) and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview Business Operations We are an environmental services and technologies company developing and delivering patented and proprietary solutions to the global power industry, specializing in mercury emissions removal technologies. We provide mercury capture solutions driven by our patented two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive SEA technology. Our leading-edge services have been shown to achieve mercury emissions removal at a significantly lower cost and with less operational impact to coal-fired power plants than currently used methods, while maintaining and/or increasing power plant output and preserving the marketability of byproducts for beneficial use. North America is currently the largest market for our technology. The U.S. EPA MATS (Mercury and Air Toxics Standards) rule requires that all coal and oil-fired power plants in the U.S., larger than 25MWs, must limit mercury in its emissions to below certain specified levels, according to the type of coal burned. Power plants were required to begin complying with MATS on April 16, 2015, unless they were granted a one-year extension to begin to comply. MATS, along with many state and provincial regulations, form the basis for mercury emission capture at coal fired plants across North America. Under the MATS regulation, Electric Generating Units EGUs are required to remove about 90 of the mercury from their emissions. We believe that we continue to meet the requirements of the industry as a whole and our technologies have been shown to achieve mercury removal levels compliant with all state, provincial and federal regulations at a lower cost and with less plant impact than our competition. As is typical in this market, we are paid by the EGU based on how much of our material is injected to achieve the needed level of mercury removal. Our current clients pay us as material is delivered to their facilities. Clients will use our material whenever their EGUs operate, although EGUs are not always in operation. EGUs typically may not be in operation due to maintenance reasons or when the price of power in the market is less than their cost to produce power. Thus, our revenues from EGU clients will not typically be a consistent stream but will fluctuate, especially seasonally as the market demand for power fluctuates. The MATS regulation has been subject to legal challenge since being enacted. In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Michigan v. EPA , held that the EPA unreasonably failed to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants, including mercury, from power plants, but left the rule in place. In April 2016, the EPA issued a supplemental finding in response to the Michigan decision and found that, after consideration of costs, it remained appropriate and necessary to regulate such emissions from coal- and oil-fired power plants. In May 2020, the EPA, then under the Trump Administration, reversed the determination, finding that, after weighing the costs of compliance against certain benefits of the regulation, the 2016 supplemental finding was erroneous but left the MATS rule in place. Upon taking office, the Biden Administration in January 2021 directed the EPA to review the previous Administration s actions on various environmental matters including the withdrawal of the May 2020 appropriate and necessary determination, for conformity with Biden Administration environmental policy. On February 9, 2022, the EPA proposed to revoke the May 2020 finding and reaffirm the EPA s 2016 finding. On February 15, 2023, the EPA reaffirmed that it remains appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants, including mercury, from power plants after considering cost, and revoked the May 2020 finding. On April 3, 2023, the EPA issued a proposal to strengthen and update MATS. Such proposal was finalized on April 25, 2024 which, among other things, strengthens emissions monitoring and compliance and tightens the emission standard for mercury for existing lignite-fired power plants to a level that is aligned with the mercury standard that other coal-fired power plants have been achieving under MATS. Nevertheless, legal challenges may continue in the future with respect to the MATS regulation. 28 Table of Contents We remain focused on positioning the Company for short and long-term growth, including focusing on execution at our customer sites and on continual operation improvement. We continue to make refinements to all of our key products, as we continue to focus on the customer and its operations. As part of our overall strategy, we have a number of initiatives which we believe will be able to drive our short and long-term growth. We continue to seek new utility customers for our technology in order for them to meet the MATS requirements as well as maintaining our contractual arrangements with our current customers. We also seek license agreements with utilities while allowing them to use our SEA technologies without our supply of products. Since 2021, we have announced various supply contract extensions, new supply business and license agreements. We expect additional supply business and license agreements during the remainder of 2024 and thereafter, including converting certain licensees to supply customers. Patent Litigation On July 17, 2019, we initiated patent litigation against certain defendants in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware for infringement of certain United States patents owned by the Company. These patents relate to our two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive (SEA process for mercury removal from coal-fired power plants. Between July 2020 and January 2021, we entered into agreements with each of the four major utility defendants in such action which included certain monetary arrangements and pursuant to which we have dismissed all claims brought against each of them and their affiliates, and such parties have withdrawn from petitions for Inter Partes Review with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Such agreements entered into with such parties provide each of them and their affiliates with a non-exclusive license to certain Company patents (related to the Company s two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive (SEA process) for use in connection with such parties coal-fired power plants. In May 2021, a U.S. District Court Magistrate Judge issued a report and recommendation which was approved by the District Judge in September 2021 that such litigation should be permitted to proceed against various refined coal defendants named in the action directly involved in the refined coal program and operations, and be dismissed against certain other defendants, primarily affiliated entities of the refined coal operators. Prior to the jury trial which was scheduled for November 13, 2023, we entered into a confidential binding term sheet on November 9, 2023 with Arthur J. Gallagher Co., and various of its affiliated entities (collectively AJG ), and DTE Energy Resources LLC and various of its affiliated entities (collectively DTE ), to resolve the patent litigation against these two groups of defendants. Pursuant to the term sheet, all claims and counterclaims asserted by the parties in such patent litigation have been dismissed with prejudice, although such term sheet does not affect any other claim brought against the remaining CERT defendants. The financial aspects of the term sheet remain confidential pursuant to its terms. In addition, effective November 9, 2023, Alistar Enterprises, LLC Alistar ), one of the remaining CERT defendants, entered into a settlement agreement with us which provided that all claims and counterclaims asserted in the action between the Company and Alistar be dismissed with prejudice. The financial terms of such settlement remain confidential. Effective as of December 28, 2023, and in connection with the term sheet described above, we entered into a paid license with (a) Chem-Mod LLC Chem-Mod ), (b) Arthur J. Gallagher Co. and AJG Coal, LLC, and (c) DTE Energy Co. and DTE Energy Resources, LLC, relating to U.S. Patent No. 8,168,147, U.S. Patent No. 10,343,114, U.S. Patent No. 10,589,225, U.S. Patent No. 10,596,517 and U.S. Patent No. 10,668,430 and their foreign equivalents and related patent applications and patents, which licenses the use of refined coal or the Chem-Mod Solution in conjunction with activated carbon. This license applies to Chem-Mod and certain of its licensees, sub-licensees, and their customers, for the remaining term of such patents. By its terms, the license does not cover the use of activated carbon with coal that is not either refined coal or coal made by or for use with the Chem-Mod Solution in a manner authorized by the license. The parties to the license have mutually released all claims that any past use of the Chem-Mod Solution in connection with the production or use of refined coal with activated carbon by entities other than the CERT defendants and their customers infringes the asserted patents and related intellectual property, and all claims that could have been brought challenging the validity of such patents. 29 Table of Contents The remaining CERT defendants and their customers (for activities relating to the CERT defendants) were not included within the scope of the license. The Court rescheduled the trial as to the claims against the remaining CERT defendants to begin on February 26, 2024. Following a five-day trial, on March 1, 2024, a federal jury in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware awarded a 57.1 million patent infringement verdict in favor of the Company against the remaining group of CERT defendants. Such group of affiliated defendants included multiple limited liability companies with refined coal industry operations, including CERT Operations II LLC, CERT Operations IV LLC, CERT Operations V LLC, and CERT Operations RCB LLC. The jury determined that these defendants infringed our patented technologies for mercury emissions and were liable for willful infringement, along with inducing and contributory infringement. Post-trial motions and applications are currently ongoing. In July 2024, we commenced three patent infringement lawsuits against multiple defendants, including coal-fired power utilities, in three separate U.S. District Courts in Arizona, Iowa and Missouri. Such lawsuits claim infringement of our patent rights related to our mercury emissions reduction technologies. Named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona are Tucson Electric Power Co., San Carlos Resources, Inc., Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District, Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC, and Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP. Named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Iowa are Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company, MidAmerican Energy Company, PacifiCorp, Alliant Energy Corporation, Interstate Power and Light Company, and Wisconsin Power and Light Company, and named as defendants in the action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri are Ameren Corp. and Union Electric Co. In each lawsuit, we request a trial by jury against the defendants and seek damages, costs, and legal expenses, along with a finding of willful infringement by the defendants, and an injunction prohibiting the defendants from further acts of infringement. Effective as of October 8, 2024, we entered into agreement with one of the utilities and an affiliated entity named as defendants in the patent infringement lawsuit commenced by us in Arizona action (the Arizona Action ). Such agreement provides such parties and their affiliates with a non-exclusive license to certain of our patents related to our two-part Sorbent Enhancement Additive (SEA process for use in connection with a certain designated coal-fired power plant operated by such utility. The agreement includes a one-time license fee and provides the Company with a right of first refusal for certain of such utility s product supply for mercury emissions capture at such designated power plant. Such lawsuit will continue against the other non-affiliated defendants named in the Arizona Action. AC Midwest Energy On February 27, 2024, we entered into an Unsecured Debt Restructuring Agreement (the Debt Restructuring Agreement with AC Midwest Energy LLC AC Midwest which replaced and superseded the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Guaranty entered into with AC Midwest on February 25, 2019, as amended on October 28, 2022 (the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement, prior to February 27, 2024, AC Midwest was the holder of an unsecured note with a principal amount outstanding of 13,154,931 which was issued on February 25, 2019 (the Unsecured Note ). The Unsecured Note was scheduled to mature on August 25, 2025 and bears a zero cash interest rate. Pursuant to the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement, AC Midwest was also entitled to a non-recourse profit participation preference equal to 17,654,931 (the Profit Share ). Prior to maturity, the outstanding principal, as well as the Profit Share, were to be paid from Net Litigation Proceeds from claims relating to the Company s intellectual property, Net Revenue Share, Adjusted Free Cash Flow and Equity Offering Net Proceeds (as such terms are defined in the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement). Any remaining principal balance due on the Unsecured Note would be due and payable in full on the maturity date. The Profit Share, however, if not paid in full on or before the maturity date would remain subject to the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement until full and final payment. Prior to February 27, 2024, there also remained outstanding to AC Midwest a principal balance of 271,686 due under a secured noted of the Company issued on November 29, 2016 in the original principal amount of 9,646,686, which had a maturity date of August 25, 2025 (the Secured Note ). The Secured Note had been issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Guaranty, dated as of November 1, 2016, as amended on June 14, 2018, September 12, 2019, February 25, 2019 and October 28, 2022 (the Restated Financing Agreement ). 30 Table of Contents Pursuant to the Debt Restructuring Agreement, on February 27, 2024, we (i) paid AC Midwest 9,040,000 as a reduction in the outstanding principal balance of the Unsecured Note, (ii) issued to AC Midwest a new unsecured replacement note representing the remaining outstanding principal balance of the Unsecured Note in the principal amount of 4,114,931 (the New Note ), and (iii) paid AC Midwest 275,626 representing the remaining principal balance under the Secured Note of 271,686 plus interest of 3,939. In addition, within 30 days, we would either facilitate the private sale to third parties of certain shares of common stock of the Company held by AC Midwest for a purchase price of no less than 960,000, which amount shall be applied as a credit against the principal balance due on the New Note dollar for dollar, or pay AC Midwest 960,000 toward the principal balance due on the New Note. The private sale of shares for the purchase price of 960,000 was completed on March 11, 2024. Any remaining principal balance on the New Note shall be due August 27, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), which is six months from February 27, 2024. Until repaid in full, the New Note shall accrue interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus 2.0 per annum. The New Note completely replaced and superseded the Unsecured Note, which shall be of no further force and effect. On August 26 and 27, 2024, the Company repaid AC Midwest the remaining principal of 3,154,931 on the New Note together with accrued interest of 119,964. As a result, the only remaining debt obligation under the Debt Restructuring Agreement is the profit participation as described below. Pursuant to the Debt Restructuring Agreement, AC Midwest shall be entitled to a profit participation preference equal to 7,900,000 (the Restructured Profit Share ). The Restructured Profit Share is non-recourse and shall only be paid from Net Litigation Proceeds (as defined in the Debt Restructuring Agreement) from claims relating to our intellectual property. Following the receipt of any Net Litigation Proceeds, we shall prepay any remaining principal balance of the New Note and pay the Restructured Profit Share in an amount equal to 75.0 of such Net Litigation Proceeds until the New Note and Restructured Profit Share have been paid in full. The Restructured Profit Share completely replaces and supersedes the terms and conditions of the Profit Share in the amount of 17,654,931 provided for in the Unsecured Note Financing Agreement, which shall be of no further force and effect. The Restructured Profit Share, if not paid in full on or before the Maturity Date, shall remain subject to the terms of the Debt Restructuring Agreement. In addition to facilitating the private sale to third parties as described above, AC Midwest has granted the Company the exclusive right until December 31, 2024 to facilitate the sale of all or a portion of the remaining balance of the shares of common stock of the Company held by AC Midwest, which proceeds above a certain amount will be applied as a credit against the Restructured Profit Share dollar for dollar. This has the potential to pay off the Restructured Profit Share in full although we cannot guarantee that such result will be achieved. As a result of the repayment of the remaining principal balance under the Secured Debt, we and AC Midwest executed a Satisfaction and Discharge of Secured Debt confirming the cancellation of the Secured Note and that all of the obligations under the Restated Financing Agreement have been fully satisfied and discharged. Other Developments We are in the process of developing other business opportunities which include drinking water treatment technologies and remediation technologies for wastewater and coal ash from coal-fired power plants. We believe the market for water treatment is large and significantly growing both in the United States and abroad. This expansion in water treatment and wastewater remediation will allow us to support the growing needs of the energy sector, as well as provide vital technologies for considerable environmental concerns. In October 2024, we announced the opening of two new laboratories, located in Grand Forks, North Dakota, and in State College, Pennsylvania to support these efforts. In April 2024, the EPA issued the first-ever national, enforceable drinking water standard, a move to protect communities from exposure to harmful per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), also known as forever chemicals . The EPA rule requires public water systems to monitor for six PFAS chemicals, giving them three years to complete the initial monitoring by 2027. In May 2024, we announced the appointment of David Mazyck as Division Director of WE 2 C Environmental, a new division of the Company focused on PFAS removal from potable water. Dr. Mazyck will oversee the development of WE 2 C s activated carbon technologies for the removal of PFAS for water treatment utilities. 31 Table of Contents In addition, in May 2024, we announced the appointment of Dennis Baranik as Director of National Sales. Mr. Baranik will oversee product sales and IP licensing in the Company s core business for mercury emissions capture as well as support both product and business development for WE 2 C Environmental. Effective on October 17, 2024, as part of our rebranding, Midwest Energy Emissions Corp. changed its corporate name to Birchtech, Inc. pursuant to a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation filed with the State of Delaware, and on October 17, 2024 our common stock commenced trading under the ticker symbol BCHT . On October 9, 2024, we received conditional approval to list our shares of common stock on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX and graduate from the TSX Venture Exchange TSXV to the TSX. The listing is subject to our fulfilling certain requirements of the TSX in accordance with the terms of the conditional approval letter. On November 12, 2024, our shares commenced trading on the TSX under the ticker symbol BCHT . Results of Operations Revenues We generated revenues of approximately 5,237,000 and 6,747,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately 12,155,000 and 13,872,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such revenues were primarily derived from sorbent product sales which were approximately 5,092,000 and 6,700,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and approximately 11,479,000 and 13,104,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in revenues from prior year periods is primarily due to the mix of plants running in 2024 to date resulting in decreased revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Licensing revenues were approximately 133,100 and 52,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and approximately 588,800 and 671,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Licensing revenues have decreased in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior year period. Equipment sales and other revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were approximately 2,700 and (4,800), respectively and approximately 60,300 and 15,800 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These slightly increased from the prior year but they still only make up an immaterial portion of the Company s revenues. Costs and Expenses Total costs and expenses were approximately 6,001,000 and 7,575,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and approximately 21,638,000 and 16,911,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in total costs and expenses for three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to a gain on change in fair value of profit share offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. The increase in total costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and a loss on change in fair value of profit share which is a non-cash expense. Cost of sales were approximately 3,642,000 and 4,472,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately 8,056,386 and 9,118,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This decrease in cost of sales of approximately 1,062,000 for nine months is primarily attributable to a decrease in sales offset by a decrease in the Company s cost of carbon in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior year period. Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 2,702,000 and 2,459,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 10,863,000 and 6,160,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such increase was primarily due to an increase in salaries and wages, including the payment and accrual of bonus compensation and engagement of new senior personnel, along with stock-based compensation for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior year periods. 32 Table of Contents Interest expense related to the financing of capital was approximately 7,400 and 344,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 259,000 and 1,019,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The breakdown of interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Interest expense on notes payable - 6 4 18 Amortization of discount of notes payable - 337 242 999 Interest on RoU and other 7 1 13 2 7 344 259 1,019 Gain (Loss) on change in fair value of profit share liability and unsecured note was approximately 282,000 and 300,000) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 2,672,000) and 613,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change is primarily attributed to the modification of the terms of the profit share liability (see Note 7 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Net Loss For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of approximately 470,000 compared to a net loss of approximately 828,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of approximately 9,189,000 compared to a net loss of approximately 3,039,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Such change was primarily due to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and an increase in the change in value of the profit share liability, offset by an increase in gross profit. Liquidity and Capital Resources We had approximately 4,394,000 in cash on our balance sheet at September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 20,940,000 at December 31, 2023. Total current assets were approximately 7,591,000 and total current liabilities were approximately 3,987,000 at September 30, 2024, resulting in working capital of approximately 3,604,000. This compares to total current assets of approximately 24,152,000 and total current liabilities of approximately 2,183,000 at December 31, 2023, resulting in working capital of approximately 21,969,000. Our accumulated deficit was approximately 72.0 million at September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 62.8 million at December 31, 2023. Additionally, we had a net loss in the amount of approximately 9,189,000 and cash used in operating activities of approximately 3,275,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Total Assets Total assets were approximately 11,655,000 at September 30, 2024 versus approximately 27,468,000 at December 31, 2023. The change in total assets is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash and accounts receivable. Total Liabilities Total liabilities were approximately 9,741,000 at September 30, 2024 versus approximately 28,250,000 at December 31, 2023. The decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in outstanding debt as a result of the modification of the terms of the profit share liability, the repayment of the secured note and the repayment of the unsecured note. 33 Table of Contents Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities consists of net loss, adjusted by certain non-cash items, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used by operating activities was approximately 3,275,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of approximately 786,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 702,000. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid 702,000 to purchase a truck and lab equipment. There was 3,000 net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Financing Activities Net cash utilized in financing activities was approximately 12,569,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 210,000 provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repaid 272,000 of the AC Midwest secured note and 12,194,931 of the AC Midwest unsecured note. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received approximately 17,500 and 210,000 respectively, from the exercise of stock options. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our critical accounting policies and estimated are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and there have been no material changes to such policies or estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA To supplement our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP and to provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we consider and are including herein Adjusted EBITDA, a Non-GAAP financial measure. We view Adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance measure and, as such, we believe that the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to it is net income (loss). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted for interest and financing fees, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and other non-cash income and expenses. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides us an important measure of operating performance because it allows management, investors, debtholders and others to evaluate and compare ongoing operating results from period to period by removing the impact of our asset base, any asset disposals or impairments, stock-based compensation and other non-cash income and expense items associated with our reliance on issuing equity-linked debt securities to fund our working capital. Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and this measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under GAAP, as the excluded items may have significant effects on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from other companies measure of Adjusted EBITDA. When evaluating our performance, Adjusted EBITDA should be considered with other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income and other GAAP results. In the future, we may disclose different non-GAAP financial measures in order to help our investors and others more meaningfully evaluate and compare our future results of operations to our previously reported results of operations. The following table shows our reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Net loss (470 (828 (9,189 (3,039 Non-GAAP adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 65 72 185 195 Interest 7 344 259 1,019 Change in fair value of profit share (283 300 2,672 613 Income taxes - - - Stock based compensation 134 70 1,041 390 Adjusted EBITDA (547 (42 (5,032 (822 34 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: (i) lack of a sufficient complement of personnel commensurate with the Company s reporting requirements; and (ii) insufficient written documentation or training of our internal control policies and procedures which provide staff with guidance or framework for accounting and disclosing financial transactions. Despite the existence of the material weaknesses above, we believe that the consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-Q fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in all material respects. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 35 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a summary of our legal proceedings, which is incorporated by reference herein. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. On August 3, 2024, the Company issued 32,112 shares of common stock to a former consultant upon a cashless exercise of an option to purchase 62,500 shares of common stock, with an exercise price of 0.40 per share. Such share issuance was based upon a VWAP of 0.8227 per share as determined under the terms of the option. On August 5, 2024, the Company issued 66,666 shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon the cashless exercise of a warrant to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.70 per share based upon a market value of 0.84 per share as determined under the terms of the warrant. On August 22, 2024, the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon a cash exercise of a warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.70 per share or 17,500 in the aggregate. The foregoing securities were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and where applicable, under Section 3(a)(9) of the 1933 Act. Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities. Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 36 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification by Principal Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 31.2 Certification by Principal Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 32.1 Certification by Principal Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 32.2 Certification by Principal Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) _______ Filed herewith. 37 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BIRCHTECH CORP. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Richard MacPherson Richard MacPherson President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Fiona Fitzmaurice Fiona Fitzmaurice Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 meec_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 meec_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Richard MacPherson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Birchtech Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Richard MacPherson Richard MacPherson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 meec_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 meec_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Fiona Fitzmaurice, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Birchtech Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Fiona Fitzmaurice Fiona Fitzmaurice Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 meec_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 meec_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Birchtech Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Richard MacPherson Richard MacPherson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 meec_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 meec_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Birchtech Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Fiona Fitzmaurice Fiona Fitzmaurice Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 meec-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 meec-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 meec-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 meec-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

