<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1319229_0001558370-24-015388.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11433564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1257446</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4602828</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1714431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3375023</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015388.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112184430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015388
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TransMontaigne Partners LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001319229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PIPE LINES (NO NATURAL GAS) [4610]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				342037221
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32505
		FILM NUMBER:		241450516

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1670 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-626-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1670 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TransMontaigne Partners L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050228

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015388.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 tmb-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 

(Mark One) Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) (Telephone number, including area code) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered As of September 30, 2024, the registrant has common units outstanding. The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed by certain companies under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and has filed all reports that would have been required to have been filed by the registrant during the preceding 12 months had it been subject to such filing requirements during the entirety of such period. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 4 Consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 5 Consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 6 Consolidated statements of equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 7 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 8 Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 43 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 44 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 44 Item 1A. Risk Factors 45 Item 6. Exhibits 46 Signatures 47 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words could, may, should, will, seek, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, continue, estimate, plan, target, predict, project, attempt, is scheduled, likely, forecast, the negatives thereof and other similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described in this Quarterly Report under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors , and under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: our ability to successfully implement our business strategy; competitive conditions in our industry; actions taken by third-party customers, producers, operators, processors and transporters; pending legal or environmental matters; costs of conducting our operations; fluctuations in the price of the products that we purchase and sell; our ability to complete internal growth projects on time and on budget; general economic conditions, including inflation; the price of oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and other commodities in the energy industry; large customer defaults; rising interest rates; operating hazards, global health epidemics, natural disasters, weather-related delays, cyber-security breaches, IT system outages, global or regional conflicts, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; uncertainty regarding our future operating results; effects of existing and future laws and governmental regulations; the effects of future litigation; plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical; and public health crises, epidemics and pandemics. 
 All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. Part I. Financial Information ITEM 1. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of TransMontaigne Partners LLC as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are included herein beginning on the following page. The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, together with our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 15, 2024 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 001-32505). TransMontaigne Partners LLC is a holding company with the following 100 owned operating subsidiaries during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: TransMontaigne Operating GP L.L.C. TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. TransMontaigne Terminals L.L.C. Razorback L.L.C. (d/b/a Diamondback Pipeline L.L.C.) TPSI Terminals L.L.C. TLP Finance Corp. TLP Operating Finance Corp. TPME L.L.C. 
 TLP Management Services L.L.C. TransMontaigne Products Company L.L.C. Pike West Coast Holdings, L.L.C. SeaPort Financing, L.L.C. SeaPort Sound Terminal, L.L.C. SeaPort Pipeline Holdings, L.L.C. SeaPort Midstream Holdings, L.L.C. 
 We do not have off-balance-sheet arrangements or special-purpose entities. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 TransMontaigne Partners LLC and subsidiaries Consolidated balance sheets (unaudited) (In thousands) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable Due from affiliates Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Right-of-use assets, operating leases Other assets, net LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Current debt Total current liabilities Deferred revenue Other liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Equity: Member interest ) ) Total equity ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 TransMontaigne Partners LLC and subsidiaries Consolidated statements of operations (unaudited) (In thousands) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Terminal revenue Product sales Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of product sales ) ) ) ) Operating ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) ) Insurance ) ) ) ) Deferred compensation ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Total costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Operating income Other expenses: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Deferred debt issuance costs ) ) ) ) Total other expenses ) ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 TransMontaigne Partners LLC and subsidiaries Consolidated statements of equity (unaudited) (In thousands) 

Member interest Total Balance June 30, 2023 ) ) Contributions from parent entities Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service ) ) Net earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2023 Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance June 30, 2024 ) ) Contributions from parent entities Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service ) ) Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Contributions from parent entities Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service ) ) Net earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) Contributions from parent entities Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service ) ) Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 TransMontaigne Partners LLC and subsidiaries Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) (In thousands) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates Equity-based compensation Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs Amortization of deferred revenue ) ) ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on interest rate swap agreements ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) Due from affiliates ) Inventory ) Other current assets ) ) Right-of-use assets, operating leases Other assets, net ) ) ) Trade accounts payable ) ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) Olympic Pipeline Company member loan ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of land Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of senior secured term loans ) ) ) ) Proceeds from senior secured term loans Borrowings under revolving credit facility Repayments under revolving credit facility ) ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Property, plant and equipment acquired with accounts payable Additions to right-of-use assets obtained from new operating lease liabilities Non-cash contributions from parent entities See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

 8 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

9 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 million barrels of storage capacity and we receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. Management fee revenue is recognized at individual points in time as the services are performed or as the costs are incurred and is primarily accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. Management fees related to lease revenue are accounted for in accordance with ASC 842. Product sales. Our product sales revenue refers to the sale of refined and renewable products at our terminal in Tacoma, Washington. Product sales revenue pricing is contractually specified, and we have determined that each transaction represents a separate performance obligation. Product sales revenue is recognized at a point in time when our customers take control and legal title of the commodities purchased. Product sales revenue is recorded gross of cost of 

 10 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our refined products inventory was approximately million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our renewable products inventory was approximately million and million, respectively. We did not recognize any adjustments to the lower of cost or net realizable value during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. In 2021, the Washington legislature passed a low carbon fuel standard (the Clean Fuel Standard or CFS that limits carbon in transportation fuels. The Clean Fuel Standard became effective January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, we are required to purchase compliance credits or allowances to reduce emissions or reduce the amount of carbon in the transportation fuels we sell at our terminal in Tacoma, Washington. Fuels with a carbon intensity below the CFS generate compliance credits while fuels with a carbon intensity above the CFS generate deficits. We record our compliance credits net of deficits in inventory and recognize expense as cost of product sales when we transfer the compliance credit to our customers. To the extent we have not purchased enough compliance credits to satisfy our obligations as of the balance sheet date, we record a liability for our obligation to purchase the compliance credits in accrued liabilities and recognize the expense in cost of product sales when we satisfy the compliance obligation. to years for terminals and pipelines and to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. All items of property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. Expenditures that increase capacity or extend useful lives are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable based on expected undiscounted future cash flows attributable to that asset group. If an asset group is impaired, the impairment loss to be recognized is the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its estimated fair value. We did t recognize any impairment charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 11 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 million and million, respectively (See Notes 4, 8 and 10 of Notes to consolidated financial statements). 

 12 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued)) million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized an unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements of approximately million and million, respectively. Our interest rate swap agreements were as follows (in thousands, except blended fixed rate): August 18, 2023 - August 18, 2026 August 18, 2025 - August 18, 2026 August 18, 2026 - August 18, 2028 provision for U.S. federal income taxes has been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements because we are treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, all income, gains, losses, expenses, deductions and tax credits generated by us flow up to our owners. 

 13 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 ownership interest in Frontera. We operate Frontera, in accordance with an operations and reimbursement agreement executed between us and Frontera, for a management fee that is based on our costs incurred. Our agreement with Frontera stipulates that we may resign as the operator at any time with the prior written consent of Frontera, or that we may be removed as the operator for good cause, which includes material noncompliance with laws and material failure to adhere to good industry practice regarding health, safety or environmental matters. We recognized revenue related to this operations and reimbursement agreement of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recognized revenue related to this operations and reimbursement agreement of approximately million for both of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Terminaling services agreements Brownsville terminals. We have terminaling services agreements with Frontera relating to our Brownsville, Texas facility that will expire in March and April 2025, respectively. In exchange for its minimum throughput commitments, we agreed to provide Frontera with approximately barrels of storage capacity. We recognized revenue related to these agreements of approximately million for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We recognized revenue related to these agreements of approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Operating and administrative agreement SeaPort Midstream Central services. We have a ownership interest in SeaPort Midstream. We operate SeaPort Midstream in accordance with an operating and administrative agreement executed between us and SeaPort Midstream, for a management fee that is based on our costs incurred. The operating and administrative agreement will expire in November 2027, subject to automatic renewals unless terminated by either party upon no less than notice prior to the end of the initial term or any successive term. Our agreement with SeaPort Midstream stipulates that we may resign as the operator at any time with the prior written consent of SeaPort Midstream, or that we may be removed as the operator for good cause, which includes material noncompliance with laws and material failure to adhere to good industry practice regarding health, safety or environmental matters. We recognized revenue related to this operating and administrative agreement of approximately million for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We recognized revenue related to this operating and administrative agreement of approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other affiliates Central services . We manage additional terminal facilities that are owned by affiliates of ArcLight, including Lucknow-Highspire Terminals, LLC. We recognized revenue related to reimbursements from these affiliates of approximately million for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We recognized revenue related to reimbursements from these affiliates of approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Services agreement TransMontaigne Management Company, LLC. Our executive officers who provide services to the Company are employed by TransMontaigne Management Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of ArcLight, which also provides services to certain other ArcLight affiliates. Pursuant to a services agreement between our wholly owned subsidiary TLP Management Services L.L.C. TMS and TransMontaigne Management Company, TMS continues to provide certain payroll functions and maintains all employee benefits programs on behalf of 

 14 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 administration fee. Aggregate fees paid by us to TransMontaigne Management Company with respect to the services agreement was approximately million for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Aggregate fees paid by us to TransMontaigne Management Company with respect to the services agreement was approximately million for both of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following customers accounted for at least 10 of our consolidated revenue in at least one of the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: Amounts due from insurance companies Additive detergent Prepaid inventory Unrealized gain on interest rate swap agreements Deposits and other assets Amounts due from insurance companies. We periodically file claims for recovery of environmental remediation costs and property claims with our insurance carriers under our comprehensive liability policies. We recognize our insurance recoveries in the period that we assess the likelihood of recovery as being probable. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we recognized amounts due from insurance companies of approximately million and million, respectively, representing our best estimate of our probable insurance recoveries. During 

 15 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 million. Terminals, pipelines and equipment Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, property, plant and equipment, net utilized by our customers in revenue operating lease arrangements consisted of approximately million and million, respectively, of terminals, pipelines and equipment. The terminals, pipelines and equipment primarily relates to our storage tanks and associated internal piping. West Coast terminals Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually unless events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment loss has been incurred at an interim date. Our annual test for the impairment of goodwill is performed as of December 31. The impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level. Our reporting units are our business segments (See Note 16 of Notes to consolidated financial statements). The fair value of each reporting unit is determined on a stand-alone basis from the perspective of a market participant and represents an estimate of the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to be impaired. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our Brownsville and West Coast terminals contained goodwill. We did t recognize any goodwill impairment charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or during the year ended December 31, 2023 for these reporting units. However, an increase in the assumed market participants weighted average cost of capital, the loss of a significant customer, the disposition of significant assets, or an unforeseen increase in the costs to operate and maintain the Brownsville or West Coast terminals could result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the future. 

 16 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 ownership interest in Olympic Pipeline Company, LLC, a ownership interest in SeaPort Midstream and a ownership interest in Frontera. BOSTCO is a terminal facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that encompasses approximately million barrels of distillate, residual and other black oil product storage. Class A and Class B ownership interests in BOSTCO share in cash distributions on a and basis, respectively. Class B ownership interests do not have voting rights and are not required to make capital investments. Olympic Pipeline Company is a -mile interstate refined petroleum products pipeline system running from Blaine, Washington to Portland, Oregon and a refined and renewable products terminal in Bayview, Washington. SeaPort Midstream is two terminal facilities located in Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon that encompasses approximately million barrels of refined and renewable product storage. Frontera is a terminal facility located in Brownsville, Texas that encompasses approximately million barrels of light petroleum product storage, as well as related ancillary facilities. The following table summarizes our investments in unconsolidated affiliates: Olympic Pipeline Company SeaPort Midstream Frontera Total investments in unconsolidated affiliates At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our investment in BOSTCO includes approximately million and million, respectively, of excess investment related to a one time buy-in fee to acquire our interest and capitalization of interest on our investment during the construction of BOSTCO amortized over the useful life of the assets. Excess investment is the amount by which our investment exceeds our proportionate share of the book value of the net assets of the BOSTCO entity. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company includes approximately million and million, respectively, of excess investment related to property, plant and equipment being amortized over the useful life of the assets and approximately million of excess investment related to goodwill. Excess investment is the amount by which our investment exceeds our proportionate share of the book value of the net assets of the Olympic Pipeline Company entity. Olympic Pipeline Company SeaPort Midstream Frontera ) Total earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

 17 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 Additional capital investments in unconsolidated affiliates Olympic Pipeline Company SeaPort Midstream Frontera Cash distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates Long-term assets Current liabilities ) ) Long-term liabilities ) ) Net assets Statements of income: 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Expenses ) ) ) ) Net income 

 18 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 and , respectively Unrealized gain on interest rate swap agreements Olympic Pipeline Company member loan Deposits and other assets Customer relationships. Other assets, net include certain customer relationships at our West Coast terminals. These customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis over approximately ten to . Olympic Pipeline Company member loan. We are party to a member loan with Olympic Pipeline Company with a total borrowing capacity of million due December 31, 2027. We are responsible for our proportionate share of of the loan. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total outstanding borrowings under the Olympic Pipeline Company member loan were million and , respectively. Accordingly, we have recorded a loan receivable of approximately million and , respectively, representing our proportionate share of the outstanding borrowings. Olympic Pipeline Company used the proceeds from the member loan to fund a remediation project in 2024. Accrued compensation expense Interest payable Accrued property taxes Accrued Washington State emissions allowances Accrued environmental obligations Accrued expenses and other Customer advances and deposits. Customer advances and deposits represents payments received for terminaling services in advance of the terminaling services being provided. Accrued compensation expense. Accrued compensation expense includes our bonus, payroll, and savings and retention plan awards accruals. Accrued Washington State emissions allowances. The Washington State Climate Commitment Act CCA ), implemented January 1, 2023, was designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Rules implementing the CCA by the Washington Department of Ecology set a cap on greenhouse gas emissions, provide mechanisms for the sale and tracking of tradable emissions allowances, and establish additional compliance and accountability measures. Accrued Washington State emissions allowances represent our obligation under the CCA to obtain emissions allowances for certain products sold at the truck rack at our Tacoma, Washington terminal. We record the emissions allowance obligation at market value, net of allowances purchased and record the associated expense as cost of product sales when certain products are sold at the truck rack at our Tacoma, Washington terminal. 

 19 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 million and million, respectively, representing our best estimate of our remediation obligations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made payments of approximately million, towards our environmental remediation obligations. Changes in our estimates of our future environmental remediation obligations may occur as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events. Revolving credit facility outstanding senior notes due in 2026 Unamortized deferred debt issuance costs (1) ) ) Total debt Current portion of senior secured term loans ) ) Long-term debt 

 (1) Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the applicable term of the senior secured term loans and senior notes. Credit agreement. On November 17, 2021, the Company, as parent guarantor, and TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into the Credit Agreement Credit Agreement for a billion senior secured term loan and a million revolving credit facility, with a letter of credit subfacility of million. On April 15, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement for a new tranche of senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million. The other terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement remain unchanged. The senior secured term loans will mature on November 17, 2028 and the revolving credit facility will terminate (a) on November 14, 2025 in the event the senior notes due in 2026 are not refinanced on or prior to such date or (b) in the event the senior notes have been refinanced on or prior to November 14, 2025, the earlier of (i) the new maturity date of the refinanced senior notes and (ii) November 17, 2026. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. and all of its subsidiaries, and secured by a first priority security interest in favor of the lenders in substantially all of the Company s, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. s and all of its subsidiaries assets, including our investments in unconsolidated affiliates. million senior secured term loans were used as follows (in thousands): 

Repayment of revolving credit facility Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service Debt issuance costs Proceeds from million senior secured term loans 

 20 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of . The other terms and conditions of the credit facility, as amended by the amendment, remain unchanged. We incurred approximately million of debt issuance costs related to this amendment. We may elect to have loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at either a Term SOFR plus (subject to a floor) plus an applicable margin of or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of per annum through October 27, 2024. The amended rates apply thereafter. We are also required to pay (i) a letter of credit fee of per annum on the aggregate face amount of all outstanding letters of credit, (ii) to the issuing lender of each letter of credit, a fronting fee of no less than per annum on the outstanding amount of each such letter of credit and (iii) commitment fees of per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolving credit facility, in each case quarterly in arrears. The Credit Agreement contains various covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, permitted investments, liens on assets, making distributions , transactions with affiliates, mergers, consolidations, dispositions of assets and other provisions customary in similar types of agreements. The Credit Agreement requires compliance with (a) a debt service coverage ratio of no less than to and (b) if the aggregate outstanding amount of all revolving loans and drawn letters of credit exceeds an amount equal to of the aggregate revolving commitments, a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of no greater than to . We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. For both of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings was approximately . At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our outstanding letters of credit were approximately million. Senior notes. On February 12, 2018, the Company and TLP Finance Corp., our wholly owned subsidiary, issued at par million of senior notes. Net proceeds, after million of issuance costs, were used to repay indebtedness under our revolving credit facility. The senior notes are due in 2026 and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee obligations under our revolving credit facility. TransMontaigne Partners LLC has independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in its consolidated subsidiaries. TLP Finance Corp. has assets or operations . Our operations are conducted by subsidiaries of TransMontaigne Partners LLC through our owned operating company subsidiary, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. None of the assets of TransMontaigne Partners LLC or a guarantor represent restricted net assets pursuant to the guidelines established by the SEC. of a participant s annual award as of the first day of the month that falls closest to the second anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining as of the first day of the month that falls closest to the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to earlier vesting upon a participant s attainment of the age and length of service thresholds, retirement, death or disability, involuntary termination without cause, or termination of a participant s employment following a change in control of the Company as specified in the plan. The awards are increased for the value of any accrued growth based on underlying investments deemed made with respect to the awards. The awards (including any accrued growth relating thereto) are subject to forfeiture until the vesting date. A person will 

 21 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 of service as an officer of the Company or any of its affiliates or predecessors, or (c) age fifty and of service as an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates or predecessors. We have the intent and ability to settle the savings and retention plan awards in cash, and accordingly, we account for the awards as accrued liabilities. For savings and retention plan awards to employees, approximately million and million is included in deferred compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For savings and retention plan awards to employees, approximately million and million is included in deferred compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. On September 14, 2023, an indirect parent of the Company granted class B units in the indirect parent of the Company to the officers of TMC. On September 14, 2023, an indirect parent of the Company modified existing class B units in the indirect parent of the Company to the officers of TMC. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of deferred compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations, non-cash contribution from parent entities in our consolidated statements of equity and non-cash equity-based compensation in our consolidated statements of cash flows related to the class B units. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of deferred compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations, non-cash contribution from parent entities in our consolidated statements of equity and non-cash equity-based compensation in our consolidated statements of cash flows related to the class B units. to , some of which have options to extend or terminate the lease. For purposes of calculating operating lease liabilities, lease terms may be deemed to include options to or the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Operating right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The additions to right-of-use assets obtained from new operating lease liabilities are treated as non-cash transactions that do not impact the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We determined our incremental borrowing rate using the borrowing rate of our debt agreements. The terms of our corporate offices, vehicles and land leases are in line with the Credit Agreement, our primary finance mechanism. We have certain land and vehicle lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. Non-lease components include payments for taxes and other operating and maintenance expenses incurred by the lessor but payable by us in connection with the leasing arrangement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was party to certain subleasing arrangements whereby the Company, as the primary obligor on the lease, has recognized sublease income for lease payments made by affiliates to the lessor. 

 22 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 Variable lease costs (including insignificant short-term leases) Sublease income as primary obligor ) ) ) ) Total lease costs Other information related to our operating leases was as follows (in thousands, except lease term and discount rate): 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash outflows for operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Contract commitments. At September 30, 2024, we have contractual commitments of approximately million for the supply of services, labor and materials related to capital projects that currently are under development. We expect that these contractual commitments will primarily be paid within a year. Legal proceedings . We are party to various legal, regulatory and other matters arising from the day-to-day operations of our business that may result in claims against us. While the ultimate impact of any proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, our management believes that the resolution of any of our pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 23 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 transfers into or out of Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Cash equivalents. The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. The fair value is categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Derivative instruments. The carrying amount of our interest rate swaps was determined using a pricing model based on the applicable swap rates and other observable market data. The fair value is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Debt. The estimated fair value of our million senior secured term loans at September 30, 2024 was approximately million based on observable market trades. The estimated fair value of our million publicly traded senior notes at September 30, 2024 was approximately million based on observable market trades. The carrying amount of our revolving credit facility debt approximates fair value since borrowings under the facility bear interest at current market interest rates. The fair value of our debt is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Non-financial assets. The Company s non-financial assets, which primarily consist of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, are not required by GAAP to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. The fair values of these assets are determined, as required by GAAP, based on Level 3 measurements, including estimates of the amount and timing of future cash flows based upon historical experience, expected market conditions, and management s plans. 

 24 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 Firm commitments (ASC 606 revenue) Total firm commitments revenue Ancillary revenue (ASC 606 revenue) Ancillary revenue (ASC 842 revenue) Total ancillary revenue Total terminaling services fees Management fees (ASC 606 revenue) Management fees (ASC 842 revenue) Total management fees Product sales (ASC 606 revenue) Total revenue 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total estimated future ASC 606 revenue Our estimated future ASC 606 revenue, for purposes of the tabular presentation above, excludes estimates of future rate changes due to changes in indices or contractually negotiated rate escalations and is generally limited to contracts that have minimum payment arrangements. The balances disclosed include the full amount of our customer commitments accounted for as ASC 606 revenue as of September 30, 2024 through the expiration of the related contracts. The balances disclosed exclude all performance obligations for which the original expected term is one year or less, the term of the contract with the customer is open and cannot be estimated, the contract includes options for future purchases or the consideration is variable. 

 25 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total estimated future ASC 842 revenue BALANCE SHEET DISCLOSURES Contract assets. Our contract assets are limited to trade accounts receivable. The following tables present our contract assets resulting from contracts with customers (in thousands): Trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2024 Contract liabilities. Our contract liabilities include deferred revenue and customer advances and deposits. We have long-term terminaling services agreements with certain of our customers that provide for advance minimum payments. We recognize the advance minimum payments as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective agreements. In addition, pursuant to certain agreements with our customers, we agreed to undertake certain capital projects. Upon completion of the projects, our customers have paid us amounts that will be recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the agreements. Collectively, the differences between amounts billed and revenue recognized under ASC 606 and ASC 842 are recorded as contract liabilities. These liabilities are presented as deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheets. We record customer advances and deposits when payments are received from customers in advance of the terminaling services being provided, resulting in a contract liability accounted for under ASC 606 and ASC 842. This liability is presented as accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets (See Note 9 of Notes to consolidated financial statements). The following table presents our contract liabilities resulting from contracts with customers (in thousands): Contract liabilities at September 30, 2024 Revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from amounts included in contract liabilities at December 31, 2023, was approximately million for contracts under ASC 606 and approximately million for contracts under ASC 842. 

 26 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 

27 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 Management fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins Midwest Terminals: Terminaling services fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins Brownsville Terminals: Terminaling services fees Management fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins River Terminals: Terminaling services fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins Southeast Terminals: Terminaling services fees Management fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins West Coast Terminals: Product sales Terminaling services fees Management fees Revenue Cost of product sales ) ) ) ) Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins Central Services: Management fees Revenue Operating costs and expenses ) ) ) ) Net margins ) ) ) ) Total net margins General and administrative ) ) ) ) Insurance ) ) ) ) Deferred compensation ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Operating income Other expenses (interest and deferred debt issuance costs) ) ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) 

 28 

Table of Contents TransMontaigne Partners LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) (continued) 
 Product sales Total revenue Capital expenditures Identifiable assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Unrealized gain on interest rate swap agreements Other Total assets 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 Gulf Coast Midwest Brownsville River Southeast West Coast Central Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Services Total Revenue: Terminal revenue Product sales Total revenue Capital expenditures 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Gulf Coast Midwest Brownsville River Southeast West Coast Central Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Services Total Revenue: Terminal revenue Product sales Total revenue Capital expenditures 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Gulf Coast Midwest Brownsville River Southeast West Coast Central Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Terminals Services Total Revenue: Terminal revenue Product sales Total revenue Capital expenditures 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES A summary of the significant accounting policies that we have adopted and followed in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements is detailed in Note 1 of Notes to consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Certain of these accounting policies require the use of estimates. In management s opinion, the estimate of useful lives of our plant and equipment are subjective in nature, require the exercise of judgment and involve complex analyses. These estimates are based on our knowledge and understanding of current conditions and actions we may take in the future. Changes in these estimates will occur as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events. Subsequent changes in these estimates may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 We operate our business and report our results of operations in seven principal business segments: (i) Gulf Coast terminals, (ii) Midwest terminals, (iii) Brownsville terminals including management of Frontera, (iv) River terminals, (v) Southeast terminals, (vi) West Coast terminals and (vii) Central services. Our Central services segment primarily represents the costs of employees performing operating oversight functions, engineering, health, safety and environmental services to our terminals and terminals that we operate. In addition, Central services represent the cost of employees at standalone affiliate terminals that we operate or manage. We receive a fee from these affiliates based on our costs incurred. The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. ANALYSIS OF TERMINAL REVENUE Terminal revenue. We derive terminal revenue from our terminal operations by charging fees for providing integrated terminaling, transportation and related services. The terminal revenue by category was as follows (in thousands): Terminal Revenue by Category 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Terminaling services fees 77,498 74,585 Management fees 3,457 3,600 Terminal revenue 80,955 78,185 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 The terminal revenue by business segment is presented and further analyzed below by category of revenue. Terminal Revenue by Business Segment 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 22,083 21,892 Midwest terminals 2,779 2,579 Brownsville terminals 5,883 6,313 River terminals 3,759 3,586 Southeast terminals 18,158 16,263 West Coast terminals 26,474 25,730 Central services 1,819 1,822 Terminal revenue 80,955 78,185 Terminaling services fees. Our terminaling services agreements are structured as either throughput agreements or storage agreements. Our throughput agreements contain provisions that require our customers to make minimum payments, which are based on contractually established minimum volume of throughput of the customer s product at our facilities over a stipulated period of time. Due to this minimum payment arrangement, we recognize a fixed amount of revenue from the customer over a certain period of time, even if the customer throughputs less than the minimum volume of product during that period. In addition, if a customer throughputs a volume of product exceeding the minimum volume, we would recognize additional revenue on this incremental volume. Our storage agreements require our customers to make minimum payments based on the volume of storage capacity available to the customer under the agreement, which results in a fixed amount of recognized revenue. We refer to the fixed amount of revenue recognized pursuant to our terminaling services agreements as being firm commitments. Revenue recognized in excess of firm commitments and revenue recognized based solely on the volume of product distributed or injected are referred to as ancillary. In addition, ancillary revenue also includes fees received from ancillary services including heating and mixing of stored products, product transfer, railcar handling, butane blending, proceeds from the sale of product gains, wharfage and vapor recovery. The terminaling services fees by business segments were as follows (in thousands): Terminaling Services Fees by Business Segment 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 22,063 21,876 Midwest terminals 2,779 2,579 Brownsville terminals 4,513 4,805 River terminals 3,759 3,586 Southeast terminals 17,910 16,019 West Coast terminals 26,474 25,720 Central services Terminaling services fees 77,498 74,585 The increase in terminaling services fees at our Southeast terminals is primarily a result of placing growth projects into service during the fourth quarter of 2023, contracting available capacity and contract escalations. The increase in terminaling services fees at our West Coast terminals is primarily a result of placing growth projects into service during the third quarter of 2024, increased ancillary fees and contract escalations. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Included in terminaling services fees for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are fees charged to affiliates of approximately 0.4 million. The firm commitments and ancillary revenue included in terminaling services fees were as follows (in thousands): Firm Commitments and Ancillary Revenue 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Firm commitments 61,085 57,006 Ancillary 16,413 17,579 Terminaling services fees 77,498 74,585 The remaining terms on the terminaling services agreements that generated firm commitments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows (in thousands): 

Less than 1 year remaining 12,165 20 1 year or more, but less than 3 years remaining 43,356 71 3 years or more, but less than 5 years remaining 3,372 5 5 years or more remaining 2,192 4 Total firm commitments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 61,085 Management fees. We manage and operate certain tank capacity at our Port Everglades South terminal for a major oil company and receive a reimbursement of its proportionate share of operating and maintenance costs. We manage and operate the Frontera joint venture and receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. We lease land under operating leases as the lessor or sublessor with third parties and affiliates. We manage and operate rail sites at certain Southeast terminals on behalf of a major oil company and receive reimbursement for operating and maintenance costs. We manage and operate the SeaPort Midstream joint venture and receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. We also manage additional terminal facilities that are owned by affiliates of ArcLight, including Lucknow-Highspire Terminals, LLC, which operates terminals throughout Pennsylvania encompassing approximately 9.9 million barrels of storage capacity and we receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. The management fees by business segments were as follows (in thousands): Management Fees by Business Segment 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 20 16 Midwest terminals Brownsville terminals 1,370 1,508 River terminals Southeast terminals 248 244 West Coast terminals 10 Central services 1,819 1,822 Management fees 3,457 3,600 Included in management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are fees charged to affiliates of approximately 3.2 million and 3.3 million, respectively. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF PRODUCT SALES, GROSS MARGIN Product sales, gross margin. Our product sales revenue refers to the sale of refined and renewable products at our terminal in Tacoma, Washington. Product sales revenue pricing is contractually specified and is recognized at a point in time when our customers take control and legal title of the commodities purchased. Product sales revenue is recorded gross of cost of product sales, which includes product supply and transportation costs. The product sales, gross margin was as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Product sales 109,732 114,217 Cost of product sales (102,377) (105,784) Product sales, gross margin 7,355 8,433 The decrease in product sales, cost of product sales and gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily a result of decreased product prices. ANALYSIS OF COSTS AND EXPENSES The operating costs and expenses of our operations include wages and employee benefits, utilities, communications, repairs and maintenance, rent, property taxes, vehicle expenses, environmental compliance costs, materials and supplies needed to operate our terminals. Consistent with historical trends across our terminaling and transportation facilities, repairs and maintenance expenses can vary from period to period based on project maintenance schedules and other factors such as weather. The operating costs and expenses of our operations were as follows (in thousands): Operating Costs and Expenses 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Wages and employee benefits 14,846 14,562 Utilities and communication charges 3,310 2,971 Repairs and maintenance 3,100 2,673 Property taxes and rentals 5,181 4,939 Vehicles and fuel costs 365 337 Environmental compliance costs 1,364 1,118 Additive detergent costs 1,141 1,173 Contract services 716 934 Other 3,448 1,128 Operating costs and expenses 33,471 29,835 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 The operating costs and expenses of our business segments were as follows (in thousands): Operating Costs and Expenses by Business Segment 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 6,207 5,657 Midwest terminals 474 450 Brownsville terminals 3,212 2,504 River terminals 1,624 1,656 Southeast terminals 7,400 6,523 West Coast terminals 9,948 8,396 Central services 4,606 4,649 Operating costs and expenses 33,471 29,835 General and administrative expenses cover the costs of corporate functions such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance administration and claims processing, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, taxes and other corporate services. General and administrative expenses also include third party accounting costs associated with annual and quarterly reports and tax return preparation and distribution, and legal fees. The general and administrative expenses were approximately 7.4 million and 7.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Insurance expenses include charges for insurance premiums to cover costs of insuring activities such as property, casualty, pollution, automobile, directors and officers liability, and other insurable risks. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the expense associated with insurance was approximately 1.7 million and 1.8 million, respectively. Deferred compensation expense includes expense associated with awards granted to certain employees who provide service to us that vest over future service periods. The expense associated with these deferred compensation awards was approximately 0.6 million and 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 17.9 million and 17.6 million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense was approximately 49.9 million and 13.9 million, respectively. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is impacted by an unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements of approximately 24.1) million and 11.3 million, respectively. ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES Our investments in unconsolidated affiliates include a 42.5 Class A ownership interest in BOSTCO, a 30 ownership interest in Olympic Pipeline Company, a 51 ownership interest in SeaPort Midstream and a 50 ownership interest in Frontera. BOSTCO is a terminal facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that encompasses approximately 7.1 million barrels of distillate, residual and other black oil product storage. Class A and Class B ownership interests in BOSTCO share in cash distributions on a 96.5 and 3.5 basis, respectively. Class B ownership interests do not have voting rights and are not required to make capital investments. Olympic Pipeline Company is a 400-mile interstate refined petroleum products pipeline system running from Blaine, Washington to Portland, Oregon and a refined and renewable products terminal in Bayview, Washington. SeaPort Midstream is two terminal facilities located in Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon that encompasses approximately 1.3 million barrels of refined and renewable product storage. Frontera is a terminal facility located in Brownsville, Texas that encompasses approximately 1.7 million barrels of light petroleum product storage, as well as related ancillary facilities. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 BOSTCO 1,047 591 Olympic Pipeline Company 2,303 2,028 SeaPort Midstream 1,033 700 Frontera 45 89 Total earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 4,428 3,408 Cash distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates was as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 BOSTCO 1,769 2,690 Olympic Pipeline Company 714 SeaPort Midstream Frontera 105 167 Cash distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates 1,874 3,571 The decrease in cash distributions received from our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily attributable to cash held at Olympic Pipeline Company to fund a remediation project in 2024. We expect to recoup distributions held from our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company when Olympic Pipeline Company receives reimbursement from their insurance company for the remediation project. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 We operate our business and report our results of operations in seven principal business segments: (i) Gulf Coast terminals, (ii) Midwest terminals, (iii) Brownsville terminals including management of Frontera, (iv) River terminals, (v) Southeast terminals, (vi) West Coast terminals and (vii) Central services. Our Central services segment primarily represents the costs of employees performing operating oversight functions, engineering, health, safety and environmental services to our terminals and terminals that we operate. In addition, Central services represent the cost of employees at standalone affiliate terminals that we operate or manage. We receive a fee from these affiliates based on our costs incurred. The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. ANALYSIS OF TERMINAL REVENUE Terminal revenue. We derive terminal revenue from our terminal operations by charging fees for providing integrated terminaling, transportation and related services. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 The terminal revenue by category was as follows (in thousands): Terminal Revenue by Category 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Terminaling services fees 230,961 220,887 Management fees 11,439 11,189 Terminal revenue 242,400 232,076 The terminal revenue by business segment is presented and further analyzed below by category of revenue. Terminal Revenue by Business Segment 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 66,228 65,267 Midwest terminals 8,465 8,250 Brownsville terminals 18,234 19,001 River terminals 11,058 10,747 Southeast terminals 55,868 50,681 West Coast terminals 76,418 72,416 Central services 6,129 5,714 Terminal revenue 242,400 232,076 Terminaling services fees. Our terminaling services agreements are structured as either throughput agreements or storage agreements. Our throughput agreements contain provisions that require our customers to make minimum payments, which are based on contractually established minimum volume of throughput of the customer s product at our facilities over a stipulated period of time. Due to this minimum payment arrangement, we recognize a fixed amount of revenue from the customer over a certain period of time, even if the customer throughputs less than the minimum volume of product during that period. In addition, if a customer throughputs a volume of product exceeding the minimum volume, we would recognize additional revenue on this incremental volume. Our storage agreements require our customers to make minimum payments based on the volume of storage capacity available to the customer under the agreement, which results in a fixed amount of recognized revenue. We refer to the fixed amount of revenue recognized pursuant to our terminaling services agreements as being firm commitments. Revenue recognized in excess of firm commitments and revenue recognized based solely on the volume of product distributed or injected are referred to as ancillary. In addition, ancillary revenue also includes fees received from ancillary services including heating and mixing of stored products, product transfer, railcar handling, butane blending, proceeds from the sale of product gains, wharfage and vapor recovery. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 The terminaling services fees by business segments were as follows (in thousands): Terminaling Services Fees by Business Segment 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 66,165 65,218 Midwest terminals 8,465 8,250 Brownsville terminals 13,687 14,418 River terminals 11,058 10,747 Southeast terminals 55,174 49,870 West Coast terminals 76,412 72,384 Central services Terminaling services fees 230,961 220,887 The increase in terminaling services fees at our Southeast terminals is primarily a result of placing growth projects into service during the fourth quarter of 2023, contracting available capacity and contract escalations. The increase in terminaling services fees at our West Coast terminals is primarily a result of placing growth projects into service during the second and third quarters of 2024, increased ancillary fees and contract escalations. Included in terminaling services fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are fees charged to affiliates of approximately 1.2 million and 1.5 million, respectively. The firm commitments and ancillary revenue included in terminaling services fees were as follows (in thousands): Firm Commitments and Ancillary Revenue 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Firm commitments 179,377 170,500 Ancillary 51,584 50,387 Terminaling services fees 230,961 220,887 Management fees. We manage and operate certain tank capacity at our Port Everglades South terminal for a major oil company and receive a reimbursement of its proportionate share of operating and maintenance costs. We manage and operate the Frontera joint venture and receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. We lease land under operating leases as the lessor or sublessor with third parties and affiliates. We manage and operate rail sites at certain Southeast terminals on behalf of a major oil company and receive reimbursement for operating and maintenance costs. We manage and operate the SeaPort Midstream joint venture and receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. We also manage additional terminal facilities that are owned by affiliates of ArcLight, including Lucknow-Highspire Terminals, LLC, which operates terminals throughout Pennsylvania encompassing approximately 9.9 million barrels of storage capacity and we receive a management fee based on our costs incurred. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 The management fees by business segments were as follows (in thousands): Management Fees by Business Segment 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 63 49 Midwest terminals Brownsville terminals 4,547 4,583 River terminals Southeast terminals 694 811 West Coast terminals 6 32 Central services 6,129 5,714 Management fees 11,439 11,189 Included in management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are fees charged to affiliates of approximately 10.7 million and 10.3 million, respectively. ANALYSIS OF PRODUCT SALES, GROSS MARGIN Product sales, gross margin. Our product sales revenue refers to the sale of refined and renewable products at our terminal in Tacoma, Washington. Product sales revenue pricing is contractually specified and is recognized at a point in time when our customers take control and legal title of the commodities purchased. Product sales revenue is recorded gross of cost of product sales, which includes product supply and transportation costs. The product sales, gross margin was as follows (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Product sales 290,568 247,911 Cost of product sales (271,850) (233,753) Product sales, gross margin 18,718 14,158 The increase in product sales, cost of product sales and gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily a result of increased product sales volumes. ANALYSIS OF COSTS AND EXPENSES The operating costs and expenses of our operations include wages and employee benefits, utilities, communications, repairs and maintenance, rent, property taxes, vehicle expenses, environmental compliance costs, materials and supplies needed to operate our terminals. Consistent with historical trends across our terminaling and transportation facilities, repairs and maintenance expenses can vary from period to period based on project maintenance schedules and other factors such as weather. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 The operating costs and expenses of our operations were as follows (in thousands): Operating Costs and Expenses 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Wages and employee benefits 45,233 43,132 Utilities and communication charges 10,212 11,237 Repairs and maintenance 9,426 8,199 Property taxes and rentals 15,280 14,678 Vehicles and fuel costs 1,152 1,085 Environmental compliance costs 3,932 3,214 Additive detergent costs 2,986 3,251 Contract services 2,268 2,490 Other 8,011 4,200 Operating costs and expenses 98,500 91,486 The operating costs and expenses of our business segments were as follows (in thousands): Operating Costs and Expenses by Business Segment 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gulf Coast terminals 18,849 17,214 Midwest terminals 1,363 1,408 Brownsville terminals 8,733 7,532 River terminals 5,122 5,137 Southeast terminals 21,330 18,703 West Coast terminals 29,718 27,465 Central services 13,385 14,027 Operating costs and expenses 98,500 91,486 General and administrative expenses cover the costs of corporate functions such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance administration and claims processing, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, taxes and other corporate services. General and administrative expenses also include third party accounting costs associated with annual and quarterly reports and tax return preparation and distribution, and legal fees. The general and administrative expenses were approximately 23.5 million and 22.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Insurance expenses include charges for insurance premiums to cover costs of insuring activities such as property, casualty, pollution, automobile, directors and officers liability, and other insurable risks. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the expense associated with insurance was approximately 5.1 million and 5.2 million, respectively. Deferred compensation expense includes expense associated with awards granted to certain employees who provide service to us that vest over future service periods. The expense associated with these deferred compensation awards was approximately 3.2 million and 3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 53.4 million and 53.2 million, respectively. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense was approximately 87.0 million and 51.9 million, respectively. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is impacted by an unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements of approximately 11.7) million and 21.0 million, respectively. ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES Our investments in unconsolidated affiliates include a 42.5 Class A ownership interest in BOSTCO, a 30 ownership interest in Olympic Pipeline Company, a 51 ownership interest in SeaPort Midstream and a 50 ownership interest in Frontera. BOSTCO is a terminal facility located on the Houston Ship Channel that encompasses approximately 7.1 million barrels of distillate, residual and other black oil product storage. Class A and Class B ownership interests in BOSTCO share in cash distributions on a 96.5 and 3.5 basis, respectively. Class B ownership interests do not have voting rights and are not required to make capital investments. Olympic Pipeline Company is a 400-mile interstate refined petroleum products pipeline system running from Blaine, Washington to Portland, Oregon and a refined and renewable products terminal in Bayview, Washington. SeaPort Midstream is two terminal facilities located in Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon that encompasses approximately 1.3 million barrels of refined and renewable product storage. Frontera is a terminal facility located in Brownsville, Texas that encompasses approximately 1.7 million barrels of light petroleum product storage, as well as related ancillary facilities. Earnings (loss) from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was as follows (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 BOSTCO 3,812 2,386 Olympic Pipeline Company 5,426 3,311 SeaPort Midstream 2,539 2,135 Frontera (225) 217 Total earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 11,552 8,049 The increase in earnings from our investment in BOSTCO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily attributable to increased ancillary revenue. The increase in earnings from our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily attributable to tariff rate increases in both July 2023 and 2024. Additional capital investments in unconsolidated affiliates for the funding of growth projects was as follows (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 BOSTCO Olympic Pipeline Company SeaPort Midstream Frontera 500 Additional capital investments in unconsolidated affiliates 500 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Cash distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates was as follows (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 BOSTCO 6,997 9,070 Olympic Pipeline Company 1,434 SeaPort Midstream Frontera 253 237 Cash distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates 7,250 10,741 The decrease in cash distributions received from our investment in BOSTCO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily attributable to more spend on repairs and maintenance in 2024. The decrease in cash distributions received from our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily attributable to cash held at Olympic Pipeline Company to fund a remediation project in 2024. We expect to recoup distributions held from our investment in Olympic Pipeline Company when Olympic Pipeline Company receives reimbursement from their insurance company for the remediation project. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our primary liquidity needs are to fund our debt service obligations, working capital requirements and capital projects, including additional investments and expansion, development and acquisition opportunities. We expect to fund any additional investments, capital projects and future expansion, development and acquisition opportunities with cash flows from operations and additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities were as follows (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 73,070 52,980 Net cash used in investing activities (53,500) (39,221) Net cash used in financing activities (16,515) (17,029) The approximately 20.1 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to increased terminaling revenue in the Southeast and West Coast, increased product sales gross margin and the timing of working capital requirements. The approximately 14.3 million increase in net cash used in investing activities is primarily related to an approximately 9.0 million member loan to Olympic Pipeline Company to fund an Olympic Pipeline Company remediation project and an approximately 4.7 million increase in maintenance capital spend. Additional investments and expansion capital projects at our terminals have been approved and currently are, or will be, under construction with estimated completion dates through 2025. At September 30, 2024, the remaining expenditures to complete the approved projects are estimated to be approximately 20.0 million. These expenditures primarily relate to the construction costs associated with the expansion of our West Coast operations. The approximately 0.5 million decrease in net cash used in financing activities is primarily related to an approximately 23.8 million decrease in distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service in 2024 versus 2023; primarily offset by an approximately 19.8 million decrease in borrowings under the Credit Agreement. As discussed below, on April 15, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement for a new tranche of senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 150 million. Proceeds from the 150 million senior secured term loans were used for the repayment of approximately 110.4 million of borrowings under our revolving 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 credit facility, funding of distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service of approximately 36.7 million and approximately 2.9 million of debt issuance costs. Credit agreement. On November 17, 2021, the Company, as parent guarantor, and TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into the Credit Agreement for a 1 billion senior secured term loan and a 150 million revolving credit facility, with a letter of credit subfacility of 35 million. On April 15, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement for a new tranche of senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 150 million. The other terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement remain unchanged. The senior secured term loans will mature on November 17, 2028 and the revolving credit facility will terminate (a) on November 14, 2025 in the event the 6.125 senior notes due in 2026 are not refinanced on or prior to such date or (b) in the event the senior notes have been refinanced on or prior to November 14, 2025, the earlier of (i) the new maturity date of the refinanced senior notes and (ii) November 17, 2026. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. and all of its subsidiaries, and secured by a first priority security interest in favor of the lenders in substantially all of the Company s, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P. s and all of its subsidiaries assets, including our investments in unconsolidated affiliates. Proceeds from the 150 million senior secured term loans were used as follows (in thousands): 

Repayment of revolving credit facility 110,401 Distributions to TLP Finance Holdings, LLC for debt service 36,677 Debt issuance costs 2,922 Proceeds from 150 million senior secured term loans 150,000 On October 28, 2024, the Company, as parent guarantor, and TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an amendment to its existing Credit Agreement, which provides for, among other things, (i) the reduction of the applicable margin of the term loans under the credit facility (the Repricing and (ii) the removal of the credit spread adjustment from the Term SOFR applicable to the loans under the credit facility. After giving effect to the Repricing and the removal of the credit spread adjustment, term loans under the credit facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at our election, either a Term SOFR plus an applicable margin of 3.25 or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.25 . The other terms and conditions of the credit facility, as amended by the amendment, remain unchanged. We incurred approximately 0.7 million of debt issuance costs related to this amendment. We may elect to have loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at either a Term SOFR plus 0.11448 (subject to a 0.50 floor) plus an applicable margin of 3.50 or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.50 per annum through October 27, 2024. The amended rates apply thereafter. We are also required to pay (i) a letter of credit fee of 3.50 per annum on the aggregate face amount of all outstanding letters of credit, (ii) to the issuing lender of each letter of credit, a fronting fee of no less than 0.125 per annum on the outstanding amount of each such letter of credit and (iii) commitment fees of 0.50 per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolving credit facility, in each case quarterly in arrears. The Credit Agreement contains various covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, permitted investments, liens on assets, making distributions, transactions with affiliates, mergers, consolidations, dispositions of assets and other provisions customary in similar types of agreements. The Credit Agreement requires compliance with (a) a debt service coverage ratio of no less than 1.1 to 1.0 and (b) if the aggregate outstanding amount of all revolving loans and drawn letters of credit exceeds an amount equal to 35 of the aggregate revolving commitments, a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of no greater than 6.75 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. If we were to fail a financial performance covenant, or any other covenant contained in the Credit Agreement, we would seek a waiver from our lenders under such facility. If we were unable to obtain a waiver from our lenders and the default remained uncured after any applicable grace period, we would be in breach of the Credit Agreement, and the lenders would be entitled to declare all outstanding borrowings immediately due and payable. 

 42 

Table of Contents 

Twelve Three months ended months ended December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2024 2024 2024 Financial performance covenant tests: Net earnings (loss) (20,744) 14,583 3,449 (19,417) (22,129) Interest expense 48,168 13,040 24,045 49,865 135,118 Deferred debt issuance costs 1,031 1,041 1,158 1,244 4,474 State franchise taxes (income taxes) 535 484 544 625 2,188 Depreciation and amortization 17,715 17,662 17,852 17,872 71,101 Deferred compensation 997 1,875 647 643 4,162 Severance payments 512 175 266 60 1,013 Proportionate share of unconsolidated affiliates' depreciation and amortization 5,298 4,808 4,675 4,253 19,034 Consolidated EBITDA 53,512 53,668 52,636 55,145 214,961 Proforma completed growth project credit (1) 7,127 Consolidated EBITDA for the leverage ratio (2) 53,512 53,668 52,636 55,145 222,088 Maintenance capital (13,074) (5,855) (7,823) (10,563) (37,315) Total for the debt service coverage ratio 40,438 47,813 44,813 44,582 184,773 Debt service: Interest expense 48,168 13,040 24,045 49,865 135,118 Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements (23,901) 11,247 1,178 (24,086) (35,562) Scheduled principal payments 2,500 2,500 2,884 2,883 10,767 Total 26,767 26,787 28,107 28,662 110,323 Credit Agreement debt service coverage ratio (>1.1x) 1.67 Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio test: Senior secured term loans outstanding 1,121,733 Revolving credit facility outstanding 14,000 Less cash and cash equivalents (10,607) Senior secured debt 1,125,126 Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio 5.07 

 (1) Represents incremental annualized EBITDA for completed growth projects that have come online revenue in the last four quarters. (2) Reflects the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with the definition in the Credit Agreement. 
 Senior notes. On February 12, 2018, the Company and TLP Finance Corp., our wholly owned subsidiary, issued at par 300 million of 6.125 senior notes, due in 2026. The senior notes remain outstanding and the Company is voluntarily filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the covenants contained in the senior notes. The senior notes contain customary covenants (including those relating to our voluntary filing of this report and certain restrictions and obligations with respect to types of payments we may make, indebtedness we may incur, transactions we may pursue, or changes in our control) and customary events of default (including those relating to monetary defaults, covenant defaults, cross defaults and bankruptcy events). We may, at any time and from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information contained in this Item 3 updates, and should be read in conjunction with, information set forth in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 15, 2024 in addition to the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations presented in Part 1, Items 1 and 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There are 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 no material changes in the market risks faced by us from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. A principal market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk associated with borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at either a Term SOFR plus 0.11448 (subject to a 0.50 floor) plus an applicable margin of 3.50 or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.50 per annum through October 27, 2024. On October 28, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Credit Agreement, which provides for, among other things, (i) the reduction of the applicable margin of the term loans under the credit facility (the Repricing and (ii) the removal of the credit spread adjustment from the Term SOFR applicable to the loans under the credit facility. After giving effect to the Repricing and the removal of the credit spread adjustment, term loans under the credit facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at our election, either a Term SOFR plus an applicable margin of 3.25 or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.25 . The other terms and conditions of the credit facility, as amended by the amendment, remain unchanged. We manage a portion of our interest rate risk with interest rate swaps, which reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates by converting variable interest rates to fixed interest rates. At September 30, 2024, 780 million of our outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement was converted from variable interest rates to fixed interest rates with interest rate swap agreements, the majority of which expire through August 18, 2028. Pursuant to the terms of the interest rate swap agreements, we pay a blended fixed rate and receive interest payments based the one-month Term SOFR or OIS compound SOFR. The net difference to be paid or received under the interest rate swap agreements will be settled monthly and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense. At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding borrowings of 1,135.7 million under the Credit Agreement. Based on the outstanding balance of our variable-interest-rate debt, assuming market interest rates increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the potential annual increase or decrease in interest expense is approximately 3.6 million. We sell refined and renewable products to major fuel producers and marketers in the Pacific Northwest at our terminal in Tacoma, Washington. Our direct exposure to changes in commodity prices is limited to these product sales and the value of product gains and losses arising from terminaling services agreements with certain customers, which accounts for a small portion of our revenue. We do not use derivative commodity instruments to manage the commodity risk associated with the product we may own at any given time. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to the management of the Company, including the Company s principal executive and principal financial officer (whom we refer to as the Certifying Officers), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The management of the Company evaluated, with the participation of the Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Part II. Other Information ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS See Part I, Item 1, Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements entitled Legal proceedings which is incorporated into this item by reference. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 15, 2024. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit number Description of exhibits 10.1 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2024, by and among TransMontaigne Partners LLC, TransMontaigne Operating Company L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by TransMontaigne Partners LLC with the SEC on October 30, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial information from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransMontaigne Partners LLC and subsidiaries for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) consolidated balance sheets, (ii) consolidated statements of operations, (iii) consolidated statements of equity, (iv) consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) notes to consolidated financial statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Chief Executive Officer 

 Date: November 13, 2024 TransMontaigne Partners LLC By: /s / Randal T. Maffett Randal T. Maffett Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Robert T. Fuller Robert T. Fuller Chief Financial Officer 

 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Randal T. Maffett, Chief Executive Officer of TransMontaigne Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the registrant ), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransMontaigne Partners LLC for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 13, 2024 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 /s / Randal T. Maffett Randal T. Maffett Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmb-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Robert T. Fuller, Chief Financial Officer of TransMontaigne Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the registrant ), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransMontaigne Partners LLC for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 13, 2024 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 /s/ Robert T. Fuller Robert T. Fuller Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmb-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of TransMontaigne Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof: (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Chief Executive Officer May 6, 2014 

 /s / Randal T. Maffett Randal T. Maffett Chief Executive Officer November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tmb-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of TransMontaigne Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof: (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Chief Financial Officer May 6, 2014 

 /s/ Robert T. Fuller Robert T. Fuller Chief Financial Officer November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tmb-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tmb-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tmb-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tmb-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

