<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_33533_0001174947-24-001258.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3498953</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63698</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>924888</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>733491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>840269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>863551</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-24-001258.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-24-001258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				141387171
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04383
		FILM NUMBER:		241453894

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		STREET 2:		COR. CONGRESS & BALLSTON AVES.
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5185844100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESPEY MANUFACTURING & ELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-24-001258.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 esp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15( d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Trading Symbol (State of incorporation) ESP (I.R.S. Employer's Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At November 7, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the
registrant's Common stock, .33-1/3 par value. 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

I N D E X 

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 PAGE 

Item 1 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 1 

Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 

Item 2 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 17 

Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 18 

Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 

Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 18 

Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 18 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

Item 5 
 Other Information 
 18 

Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 18 

SIGNATURES 
 19 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Balance Sheets 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 

September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities 

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of 

Inventories: 

Raw materials 

Work-in-process 

Costs related to contracts in process 

Total inventories 

Deferred tax assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses: 

Salaries and wages 

Vacation 

ESOP payable 

Other 

Payroll and other taxes withheld 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 5) 

Common stock, par value .33-1/3 per share 

Authorized shares; Issued shares as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Outstanding and shares as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively (includes and Unearned ESOP shares, respectively)

Capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated other comprehensive gain 

Retained earnings 

Less: Unearned ESOP shares 

Cost of and shares of common stock in treasury as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

1 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating income 

Other income 

Interest income 

Other 

Total other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Unrealized gain on investment securities 

Total comprehensive income 

Net income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Dividends per share: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

2 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30,
2024 

Accumulated 

Capital in 
 Other 

Unearned 
 Total 

Outstanding 
 Common 
 Excess of 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 ESOP 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Par Value 
 Gain 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, 
net of tax of 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

Dividends paid on common stock 
 per share 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

3 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30,
2023 

Accumulated 

Capital in 
 Other 

Unearned 
 Total 

Outstanding 
 Common 
 Excess of 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 ESOP 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Par Value 
 (Loss) Gain 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, 
net of tax of 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

Dividends paid on common stock per share 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

4 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

ESOP compensation expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in trade accounts receivable 

Decrease in income taxes receivable 

(Increase) decrease in inventories 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Increase in accounts payable 

(Decrease) increase in accrued salaries and wages 

Increase (decrease) in vacation accrual 

Decrease in ESOP payable 

Increase (decrease) in other accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in payroll and other taxes withheld 

Decrease in contract liabilities 

Increase in income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from grant award 

Purchase of investment securities 

Proceeds from sale/maturity of investment securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Dividends on common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental Schedule of Cash Flow Information: 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental Schedule of Non-cash Financing Activities: 

Accrual of Dividends 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

5 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Municipal bonds 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Total investment securities 

June 30, 2024 

Certificates of deposit 

Municipal bonds 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Total investment securities 

6 

June 30, 2024 

Available-for-sale 

shares of our common stock for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and shares for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as the effect of including them would
be anti-dilutive. As unearned shares owned by the Company s sponsored leveraged employee stock ownership plan (the ESOP are released or committed-to-be-released, the shares become outstanding for earnings-per-share computations. 

Denominator: 

Basic EPS: 

Common shares outstanding, beginning of period 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Weighted average common shares issued during the period 

Weighted average ESOP shares earned during the period 

Denominator for basic earnings per common shares 

Weighted average common shares 

Diluted EPS: 

Common shares outstanding, beginning of period 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Weighted average common shares issued during the period 

Weighted average ESOP shares earned during the period 

Weighted average dilutive effect of stock options 

Denominator for diluted earnings per common shares 

Weighted average common shares 

and , respectively,
before income taxes. The amount of this stock-based compensation expense related to non-qualified stock options NQSOs for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. The deferred tax benefit related to
the NQSOs as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately and , respectively. The remaining stock option expense in each
year related to incentive stock options ISOs which are not deductible by the Company when exercised, assuming a qualifying
disposition and as such no deferred tax benefit was established related to these amounts. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately
 of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards that is expected to be recognized as expense over the next 
years, of which relates to ISOs and relates to NQSOs. The total deferred tax benefit related to these awards is expected
to be . 

7 

and the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to options or awards
granted to non-employee directors during any single fiscal year is the lesser of and 33 1/3 of the total number of shares subject
to options or awards granted in such fiscal year. The maximum number of shares subject to options or awards granted to any individual
employee may not exceed in a fiscal year. Generally, options granted have a -year vesting period based on of continuous
service and have a ten-year contractual life. Option grants provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control. Shares issued
upon the exercise of options are from those held in Treasury. Options covering shares are authorized for issuance under the 2017
Plan. As of September 30, 2024, options covering shares have been exercised and options covering shares are outstanding.
Options covering shares remain available for grant after factoring the cancelled shares, which are eligible to be re-granted. While
no further grants of options may be made under the Company s 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as of September 30, 2024,
 options were outstanding under such plan of which all are vested and exercisable. 

ASC 718 requires the use of a valuation model to calculate
the fair value of stock-based awards. The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which incorporates various
assumptions including those for dividend yield, volatility, expected life and interest rates. 

Company s expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term yrs yrs Weighted average fair value per share of options granted during the period 

The Company declared and paid regular cash dividends
of per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and declared cash dividends for the three months ended September
30, 2023. Expected stock price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the expected life of the options.
The expected option term (in years) represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on actual historical experience. 

Granted Exercised 
 Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above
represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing sale price of the Company s common stock as reported
on the NYSE American on September 30, 2024 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been
received by the option holders if all option holders had exercised their options on September 30, 2024. This amount changes based on the
fair market value of the Company s common stock. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

8 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited or expired 

Non-vested at September 30, 2024 

at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024.
The Company, as a U.S. Government contractor, is subject to audits, reviews, and investigations by the U.S. Government related to its
negotiation and performance of government contracts and its accounting for such contracts. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. Government
standards by a contractor may result in suspension from eligibility for award of any new government contract and a guilty plea or conviction
may result in debarment from eligibility for awards. The government may, in certain cases, also terminate existing contracts, recover
damages, and impose other sanctions and penalties. As a result of contract audits the Company will determine a range of possible outcomes
and in accordance with ASC 450 Contingencies the Company will accrue amounts within a range that appears to be its best
estimate of a possible outcome. Adjustments are made to accruals, if any, periodically based on current information. 

We are party to various litigation matters and claims
arising from time to time in the ordinary course of business. There are no pending litigation matters or claims which we believe will
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The Company was awarded million in funding during
the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 in support of facility and capital equipment upgrades for testing and qualification for the United
States Navy. The funding is part of the Navy s investment to improve and sustain the Surface Combatant Industrial Base. The work
is being conducted on the Company s property in Saratoga Springs, NY, with completion slated for the end of calendar year 2024.
The Company expects to be paid within 30 days after the submission of three milestone invoices, but will not be paid for expenses incurred
in excess of the specified milestone payment limits. The Company will record the receipt of milestone payments received as a reduction
from the cost of the assets. The Company will have an initial cash outlay to satisfy income tax obligations arising from the value of
the milestone payments received. The cash outlay arising from federal income tax obligations is expected to be recaptured in future periods.
Until recaptured, estimated tax obligations associated with the receipt of milestone payments are recorded on the balance sheet and included
in deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2024, net deferred tax asset includes a deferred tax asset of associated with milestone
reimbursements received totaling . Included in property, plant, and equipment at September 30, 2024 was not yet reimbursed,
for facility and capital upgrades under the funding award, compared to in spending not yet reimbursed included in property, plant,
and equipment at June 30, 2024. Included in accounts payable at September 30, 2024 was approximately for facility and capital
upgrades eligible to be reimbursed under the funding award compared to included in accounts payable at June 30, 2024. 

In June 2024, the Company notified the third-party
administrator of the IBEW Local 1799 Pension Fund of its intention to withdraw permanently from the plan. As required by the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act ERISA , the Company is subject to a termination withdrawal liability. The recorded termination
withdrawal obligation at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 totaled and , respectively, shown within the accounts
payable balance on the Company s balance sheets. The remaining liability of is expected to be paid in the second half
of fiscal 2025. As the Company was the only remaining contributing employer to the multiemployer pension plan, its withdrawal constitutes
a mass withdrawal termination. Final withdrawal calculations are contingent upon the availability of January 1, 2025 assets and the finalization
of December 31, 2024 liabilities as the withdrawal liability will need to be re-determined based on a December 31, 2024 measurement date.
The Company does not expect future adjustments to the established liability to have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. The cost of the withdrawal liability obligation is recorded in indirect overhead product costs, capitalized in inventory
and expensed through cost of sales based on shipments. 

9 

compared to for the same period in fiscal year 2024. Total
revenue recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024 based on milestones achieved was compared to for
the same period in fiscal year 2024. 

The Company offers a standard one-year product
warranty. Product warranties offered by the Company are classified as assurance-type warranties, which means the warranty only guarantees
that the good or service functions as promised. Based on this, the provided warranty is not considered to be a distinct performance obligation. The
impact of variable consideration has been considered but none identified which would be required to be allocated to the transaction price
as of September 30, 2024. Our payment terms are generally 30-60 days. 

Contract liabilities were and 
as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The decrease in contract liabilities is primarily due to revenue recognized,
offset in part by, the advance collection of cash on specific contracts. Revenue recognized, that was in contract liabilities in the beginning
of the fiscal year, was for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company used the practical expedient to expense incremental
costs incurred to obtain a contract when the contract term is less than . 

The Company s backlog at September 30, 2024
totaling approximately million is currently estimated to be recognized in the following fiscal years: in 2025; in 2026;
 in 2027, and thereafter. The timing of supplier deliveries of material, production schedules, the completion of engineering
deliverables, among other factors, could cause these estimates to change. 

10 

or more hours per year and are employed on June 30. The
Company makes annual contributions to the ESOP equal to the ESOP's debt service less dividends on unallocated shares received by the ESOP.
All dividends on unallocated shares received by the ESOP are used to pay debt service. Dividends on allocated ESOP shares are recorded
as a reduction of retained earnings. As the debt is repaid, shares are released and allocated to active employees, based on the proportion
of debt service paid in the year. The Company accounts for its ESOP in accordance with FASB ASC 718-40. Accordingly, the shares purchased
by the ESOP are reported as Unearned ESOP shares in the balance sheets and the statements of changes in stockholders equity. As
shares are released or committed-to-be-released, the Company reports compensation expense equal to the current average market price of
the shares, and the shares become outstanding for earnings-per-share (EPS) computations. ESOP compensation expense was and 
for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Committed-to-be-released shares 

Unreleased shares 

Total shares held by the ESOP 

Fair value of unreleased shares 

The Company may at times be required to repurchase
shares at the ESOP participants request at the shares fair market value. During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company did not repurchase shares previously held by the ESOP. 

The ESOP allows for eligible participants to
take whole share distributions from the Plan on specific dates in accordance with the provision of the Plan. Share distributions from
the ESOP during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled and shares, respectively. 

11 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Espey is a power electronics design and original equipment manufacturing (OEM) company with a long history of developing and delivering highly
reliable products for use in military and severe environment applications. Design, manufacturing, and testing is performed in our in-service
150,000+ square foot facility located at 233 Ballston Ave, Saratoga Springs, New York. Espey is classified as a smaller reporting
company for purposes of the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Espey s common
stock is publicly-traded on the NYSE American under the symbol ESP. 

Espey began operations after incorporation in New
York in 1928. We strive to remain competitive as a leader in high power energy conversion and transformer solutions through the design
and manufacture of new and improved products by using advanced and cutting edge electronics technologies. 

Espey is an ISO 9001:2015 and AS9100:2016 certified
manufacturer of power conversion, advanced magnetics and build to print specifications provided by the customer build to print 
products for the rugged industrial and military marketplace. Our primary products are power supplies, power converters, filters, power
transformers, magnetic components, power distribution equipment, UPS systems, and antennas. The applications of these products include
AC and DC locomotives, shipboard power, shipboard radar, airborne power, ground-based radar, and ground mobile power. 

Espey services include design and development
to specification, build to specifications provided by the customer build to print , design services, design studies, environmental
testing services, metal fabrication, painting services, and development of automatic testing equipment. Espey is vertically integrated,
meaning that the Company produces individual components (including inductors), populates printed circuit boards, fabricates metalwork,
paints, wires, qualifies, and fully tests items, mechanically, electrically and environmentally, in house. Portions of the manufacturing
and testing process are subcontracted to vendors from time to time. 

The Company markets its products primarily through
its own direct sales organization and through outside sales representatives. Business is solicited from large industrial manufacturers
and defense companies, the government of the United States, foreign governments and major foreign electronic equipment companies. Espey
is also on the eligible list of contractors with the United States Department of Defense. We pursue opportunities for prime contracts
directly with the Department of Defense and are generally automatically solicited by Department of Defense procurement agencies for their
needs falling within the major classes of products produced by the Company. Espey contracts with the Federal Government under cage code
20950 as Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

There is competition in all classes of products manufactured
by the Company, ranging from divisions of the largest electronic companies, to many small companies. The Company's sales do not represent
a significant share of the industry's market for any class of its products. The principal methods of competition for electronic products
of both a military and industrial nature include, among other factors, price, product performance, the experience of the particular company
and history of its dealings in such products. 

Our business is not seasonal. However, the concentration
of our business in the rail industry, and in equipment for military applications and industrial applications, and our customer concentrations
expose us to on-going associated risks. These risks include, without limitation, fluctuating requirements for power supplies in the rail
industry, dependence on appropriations from the United States Government and the governments of foreign nations, program allocations,
the potential of governmental termination of orders for convenience, and the general strength of the industry sectors in which our customers
transact business. 

Future procurement needs supporting the military and
the rail industry continue to drive competition. Many of our competitors have invested, and continue to invest aggressively in upfront
product design costs and accept lower profit margins as a strategic means of maintaining existing business and enhancing market share.
This continues to put pressure on the pricing of our current products and has lowered our profit margins on some of our new business.
In order to compete effectively for new business, in some cases we have invested in upfront design costs, thereby reducing initial profitability
as a means of procuring new long-term programs. As part of our strategy, we adjust our pricing in order to achieve a balance which enables
us both to retain repeat programs while being more competitive in bidding on new programs. 

12 

Our sales strategy includes identifying and obtaining
multiple new engineering design and development contracts in any given fiscal year to ensure optimal utilization of our engineering personnel
in addition to securing follow-on production awards for product previously designed in-house, as well as, new or follow-on build to print
opportunities. The Company targets those programs and opportunities which will generate future longer-term production tails in ensuing
years. From time to time, we accept work associated with engineering design studies. While unlikely to result in near-term follow-on orders,
this positions us competitively on future awards and expands our engineering team s skillset. 

The total backlog at September 30, 2024 was approximately
 94.6 million, which included 58 million from four significant customers, compared to approximately 87.1 million at September 30, 2023,
which included approximately 59.9 million from five significant customers. The Company s total backlog represents the estimated
remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. It is not uncommon to receive orders which include delivery schedules
extending beyond a year from the contract purchase date, therefore a customer s future reorder point may vary. The backlog at September
30, 2024 is fully funded except for 1.7 million, representing one firm follow-on multi-year order from a single customer. While there
is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide funding for individual programs, management has included in the unfunded
backlog only those programs that it believes are likely to receive funding based on program status and discussions with customers. Contracts
are subject to modification, change or cancellation, and the Company accounts for these changes as they are probable and estimable. The
Company evaluates the impact of any scope modifications and will adjust reserves as information is known and estimable. 

Management expects revenues in fiscal year 2025
to be higher than revenues recognized during fiscal year 2024 but expects that net income per share will be lower than fiscal 2024 net
income per share, although ahead of fiscal 2023 net income per share. This expectation is driven primarily by orders already in our backlog
that will be shipped in fiscal year 2025 with higher anticipated aggregate costs than the product mix shipped during fiscal 2024. The
expected increase in aggregate costs during fiscal year 2025 includes cost associated with the one time charge attributable to the pension
withdrawal obligation recorded in June 2024, explained in greater detail in Financial Statement Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies.
Sales fluctuations occur during comparable fiscal periods as the direct result of product mix, directly influenced by the specific contractual
terms of those firm orders placed, including contract value, scope of work, and contract delivery schedules. 

Ongoing demand in the power electronics industry across
multiple manufacturing sectors continues to create shortages and extended lead times. In some instances, waiting times for certain components
approach a year or more. We adequately factor supplier-provided lead times into internal planning schedules and new customer quotations.
From time to time, we encounter part obsolescence which requires us to identify an alternate part suitable for use. We continue to work
with our customers on strategies to mitigate any adverse impact upon our ability to service their requirements. Factors which may arise
after the placement of the customer s order may cause us to miss projected delivery dates. Inflationary costs are expected to continue,
but are not expected to have a significant impact on operating income in fiscal year 2025. 

The labor workforce remains stable. Management continues
to closely monitor workforce labor requirements to support our sales backlog and planned delivery schedules. Longer time-to-hire challenges
remain for certain positions due to specific skillsets required for those positions. Unemployment rates in the local geographic region
trend lower than the national average which has created a competitive recruiting environment. Where possible, the Company continues to
offer on-the-job training and when necessary continues to recruit personnel outside the local region. Combined with supply chain constraints,
unforeseen labor disruptions could delay shipments and result in missing our backlog fulfillment projections and recognizing lower than
anticipated operating income. 

Successful conversion of engineering program backlog
into sales is largely dependent on the execution and completion of our engineering design efforts. It is not uncommon to experience technical
or scheduling delays which arise from time to time as a result of, among other reasons, design complexity, the availability of personnel
with the requisite expertise, and the requirements to obtain customer approval at various milestones. Cost overruns which may arise
from technical and schedule delays and increased raw material costs could negatively impact the timing of the conversion of backlog into
sales, or the profitability of such sales. Engineering programs in both the funded and unfunded portions of the current backlog aggregate
 9.8 million. 

It is presently anticipated that a minimum of 33.6
million of orders comprising the September 30, 2024 backlog will be filled during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 subject, however,
to the impact of the factors identified above. The minimum of 33.6 million does not include any shipments which may be made against
orders subsequently received during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. 

13 

The Company currently expects new orders in fiscal
2025 to be greater than those received in fiscal year 2024. New orders received in the first three months of fiscal year 2025 were approximately
 7.8 million as compared to 12.1 million new orders received in the first three months of fiscal year 2024. In addition to the backlog
and the new orders already booked in fiscal year 2025, the Company currently has outstanding opportunities representing approximately
 124 million in the aggregate as of November 6, 2024 for both repeat and new programs. Included in outstanding opportunities is a large
multi-year purchase from a single customer for several products currently being manufactured by the Company, expected to be formalized
prior to December 31, 2024. Outstanding opportunities encompass various new and previously manufactured power supplies, transformers,
and subassemblies. We consider the value of those opportunities we believe are likely to be awarded based on factors which include:
quotation status, communicated award dates, historical ordering, public information on defense programs and program funding, discussion
with customers, and our cost competitiveness. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will acquire any of the outstanding
opportunities described above, many of which are subject to allocations of the United States defense spending and factors affecting the
defense industry, as well as, the fact many solicitations we receive for the procurement of goods and services are associated with competitive
bidding processes. 

A significant portion of the Company s business
is the production of military and industrial electronic equipment for use by the U.S. and foreign governments and certain industrial customers.
Net sales to three significant customers represented 51.8 of the Company s total sales for the three-month period ended September
30, 2024. Net sales to three significant customers represented 69 of the Company s total sales for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2023. A loss of one of these customers or programs related to these customers, or customer requested deferrals of product
delivery could significantly impact the Company. 

Historically, a small number of customers have accounted
for a large percentage of the Company s total sales in any given fiscal year. Management continues to pursue opportunities with
current and new customers with an overall objective of lowering the concentration of sales, mitigating excessive reliance upon a single
major product of a particular program and minimizing the impact of the loss of a single significant customer. Given the nature of our
business, we believe our existing sales order backlog is fairly diversified in terms of customers and the category of products on order. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management believes our most critical accounting policies
include revenue recognition and cost estimation on our contracts. 

Revenue 

The majority of our sales are generated from military
contracts from defense companies, the Department of Defense, other agencies of the government of the United States and foreign governments,
for the design and development and/or manufacture of products. Sales are also generated from industrial manufacturers for similar services.
We provide our products and design and development services under fixed-price contracts. Under fixed-price contracts we agree to perform
the specified work for a pre-determined price. To the extent our actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated,
we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss. 

We account for a contract with a customer after it
has been approved by all parties to the arrangement, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract
has commercial substance, and collection of substantially all of the amount to which the entity will be entitled in exchange for the goods
or services that will be transferred to the customer is probable. We assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should
be combined with other contracts. When making this determination, we consider factors such as whether two or more contracts were negotiated
and executed at or near the same time, or were negotiated with an overall profit objective. 

We evaluate the products or services promised in each
contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. Significant
judgment is required in determining performance obligations. We determine the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration
we expect to receive for the products or services being provided under the contract. The transaction price for each performance obligation
is based on the estimated standalone selling price of the product or service underlying each performance obligation. Transaction prices
on our contracts subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) are typically based on estimated costs plus a reasonable profit
margin. 

14 

We recognize revenue using the output method based
on the appraisal of results achieved and milestones reached or units delivered based on contractual shipment terms, typically shipping
point. 

Inventory 

Raw materials are valued at the lower of cost (average
cost) or net realizable value. Balances for slow-moving and obsolete inventory are reviewed on a regular basis by analyzing estimated
demand, inventory on hand, sales levels, market conditions, and other information. Inventory balances are reduced based on this analysis. 

Inventoried work relating to contracts in process
and work in process is valued at actual production cost, including factory overhead incurred to date. Contract costs include material,
subcontract costs, labor, and an allocation of overhead costs. Work in process represents spare units and parts and other inventory items
acquired or produced to service units previously sold or to meet anticipated future orders. Provision for losses on contracts is made
when the existence of such losses becomes probable and estimable. The provision for losses on contracts is included in other accrued
expenses on the Company s balance sheet. The costs attributed to units delivered under contracts are based on the estimated
average cost of all units expected to be produced. Certain contracts are expected to extend beyond twelve months. 

The estimation of total cost at completion of a contract
is subject to numerous variables involving contract costs and estimates as to the length of time to complete the contract. Given
the significance of the estimation processes and judgments described above, it is possible that materially different amounts of expected
sales and contract costs could be recorded if different assumptions were used, based on changes in circumstances, in the estimation process. When
a change in expected sales value or estimated cost is determined, the change is reflected in current period earnings. 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities include advance payments and
billings in excess of revenue recognized. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 

The Company extends credit to its customers in
the normal course of business and collateral is generally not required for trade receivables. Exposure to credit risk is controlled
through the use of credit approvals, credit limits, and monitoring procedures. Accounts receivable are reported net of an allowance
for credit losses. The Company estimates the allowance based on its analysis of historical experience, current economic market conditions,
performance of specific account reviews, and other factored considerations to include, but not limited to, contracts covered by government
funding and the overall health of the industry. Interest is not charged on past due balances. Based on these factors, there was an allowance
for credit losses of 3,000 at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Changes to the allowance for credit losses are charged to expense
and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. The opening accounts receivable balance, net of allowance for credit losses of 3,000,
at July 1, 2023 and July 1, 2024 were 5,755,282 and 6,635,490, respectively. 

Results of Operations 

Net sales for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 were 10,443,218 and 8,568,214, respectively, a 21.9 increase. In general, sales fluctuations may occur during comparable
fiscal periods as the direct result of sales backlog levels, product mix, and specific contractual terms of those firm orders placed including
contract value, scope of work, and contract delivery schedules. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the
increase in sales when compared to the same period last year is primarily due to product mix with an overall increase in shipments on
numerous power supplies contracts, with the largest increase related to a contract for power supplies supporting the AESA radar program.
The increase in sales was offset, in part, by a decrease in magnetic shipments on several programs, with the largest decrease related
to a contract for a family of power distribution transformers. These differences are mainly the result of the underlying contractual terms
including contract value and delivery schedules. 

Gross profits for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 were 2,800,882 and 2,245,377, respectively. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately 26.8 and 26.2 ,
for the same periods, respectively. The increase in gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same
period last year resulted primarily from the increase in sales. The slight increase in the gross profit percentage resulted primarily
from product mix. 

The primary factors in determining the change in gross
profit and net income are overall sales levels and product mix. The gross profits on mature products and build to print contracts are
typically higher as compared to products which are still in the engineering development stage or in early stages of production. In the
case of the latter, the Company can incur what it refers to as loss contracts, primarily on engineering design contracts
in which the Company invests with the objective of developing future product sales. In any given accounting period the mix of product
shipments between higher margin programs and less mature programs, and expenditures associated with loss contracts, has a significant
impact on gross profit and net income. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 1,081,669 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 57,988, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023.
The increase in spending for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 relates mainly to the increase
in employee compensation costs, offset in part, by a decrease in travel expenses incurred during the period. 

15 

Other income for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 278,408 and 161,573, respectively. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is
primarily due to the increase in interest income resulting from an increase in investment securities and an increase in fixed
interest rates. Interest income is a function of the level of investments and investment strategies that generally tend to be
conservative. 

The Company s effective tax rate for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 20.0 compared to 20.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective
tax rate in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 is less than the statutory tax rate mainly due to the benefit received from ESOP dividends paid
on allocated shares as well as the benefit from foreign derived intangible income, offset in part, by the permanent difference for incentive
stock option expense recorded for book purposes which is not deductible for tax purposes. The effective tax rate in the three month period
ended September 30, 2024 was lower than the prior year primarily from a greater benefit derived from the ESOP dividends paid on allocated
shares and the benefit derived from the exercise of incentive stock options in the current period when compared to same period in the
prior year. 

Net income for the three months ended September 30,
2024, was 1,598,317 or 0.63 and 0.61 per share, basic and diluted, compared to net income of 1,094,544 or 0.44 per share, basic and
diluted, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income in the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulted
primarily from the increase in gross profit and an increase in other income, offset in part, by an increase in selling, general, and administrative
expenses and an increase in the provision for income taxes, all discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company's working capital is an appropriate
indicator of the liquidity of its business, and during the past two fiscal years, the Company, when possible, has funded all of its operations
with cash flows resulting from operating activities and when necessary from its existing cash and investments. The Company did not borrow
any funds during the last two fiscal years. Management has available a 3,000,000 line of credit to help fund further growth or working
capital needs, if necessary, but does not anticipate the need for any borrowed funds in the foreseeable future. Contingent liabilities
on outstanding standby letters of credit agreements aggregated to zero at September 30, 2024 and 2023. The existing line of credit expires
February 28, 2025. 

The Company's working capital as of September
30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately 38.6 million and 32.8 million, respectively. The Company may at times be required to repurchase
shares at the ESOP participants request at fair market value. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
did not repurchase any shares held by the ESOP. Under an existing authorization from the Company's Board of Directors, as of September
30, 2024, management is authorized to purchase an additional 783,460 of Company stock. 

The table below presents the summary of cash
flow information for the fiscal years indicated: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 1,389,114 
 2,614,783 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (438,769 
 (2,358,348 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (488,417 
 59,480 

Net cash provided by operating activities fluctuates
between periods primarily as a result of differences in sales and net income, provision for income taxes, the timing of the collection
of accounts receivable, purchase of inventory, and payment of accounts payable. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities
compared to the prior year primarily relates to an increase in inventories, the payment of accounts payable and taxes payable, offset in
part, by an increase in net income. Net cash used in investing activities decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared
to the same period in 2023 due to fewer additions to property, plant and equipment and higher investment securities when compared to the
same period last year. Cash used in financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relates primarily to dividend payments
on common stock, offset in part, by proceeds from the exercise of stock options. Comparably, the dividend in the prior year was declared
but paid in the following quarter of fiscal year 2024. The Company currently believes that the cash flow generated from operations
and when necessary, from cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet its long-term funding requirements for the foreseeable future. 

16 

During the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company expended 664,351 and 2,228,802, respectively, for plant improvements and new equipment, of which 595,823
and 2,149,160, respectively, was either reimbursed or eligible to be reimbursed under a not to exceed 7.4 million award received by
the Company. The award received by the Company is in support of facility and capital equipment upgrades for testing and qualification
for the United States Navy. This funding award is part of the Navy s investment to improve and sustain the Surface Combatant Industrial
Base. The Company has budgeted approximately 500,000 for new equipment and plant improvements in fiscal year 2025, not reimbursable under
the funding award received. A majority of these expenditures will be made to stay competitive in the marketplace and to meet the needs
of current contracts. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE
"SAFE HARBOR" PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE 

SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

This report contains "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The terms "believe," "anticipate," "intend,"
"goal," "expect," and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events. The matters covered by these statements are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements,
including the Company's dependence on timely development, introduction and customer acceptance of new products, the impact of competition
and price erosion, supply and manufacturing constraints, potential new orders from customers, the impact of cyber or other security threats
or other disruptions to our business, the impact of inflationary pressures on the United States economy and our operations and other risks
and uncertainties. The foregoing list should not be construed as exhaustive, and the Company disclaims any obligation subsequently to
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. The Company wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date made. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined
under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 12b-2. Pursuant to the exemption available to smaller reporting company issuers under Item
305 of Regulation S-K, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, the Company is not required to provide the information
for this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

(a) The Company's management, with the participation
of the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

(b) There have been no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

17 

PART II: Other Information and Signatures 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Currently, there are no matters pending against the Company which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

(a) Securities Sold 

(c) Securities Repurchased 

As of September 30, 2024 the Company can
repurchase up to 783,460 of its common stock pursuant to an existing authorization by the Board of Directors. During the quarter
ended September 30, 2024 no shares were repurchased. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 

Item 6. Exhibits 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

18 

S I G N A T U R E S 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

/s/ David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Katrina Sparano 

Katrina Sparano 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date: November 13, 2024 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit
 31.1 

 Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 

 as adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, David O Neil, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

20 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit
 31.2 

 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Katrina Sparano, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Katrina Sparano 

Katrina Sparano 

Principal Financial Officer 

21 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit
 32.1 

 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with this quarterly report of Espey
Mfg. Electronics Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, David O Neil, President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

22 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit
 32.2 

 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with this quarterly report of Espey
Mfg. Electronics Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, Katrina Sparano, Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Katrina Sparano 

Katrina Sparano 

Principal Financial Officer 

23 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 esp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 esp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 esp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 esp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 esp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

