<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1069258_0001069258-24-000061.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7313651</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1317844</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2560961</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1661204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1515716</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001069258-24-000061.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001069258-24-000061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069258
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GUIDED MISSILES & SPACE VEHICLES & PARTS [3760]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133818604
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34460
		FILM NUMBER:		241436192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10680 TREENA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-812-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10680 TREENA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WIRELESS FACILITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990817

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001069258-24-000061.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ktos-20240929.htm
 10-Q

ktos-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 29, 2024 
 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at Se ptember 29 , 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended S eptember 29 , 2024 and October 1 , 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended Se ptember 29 , 2024 and October 1 , 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 29 , 2024 and October 1 , 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 29 , 2024 and October 1 , 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 35 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value and number of shares) 
 September 29, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Unbilled receivables, net Inventoried costs Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued compensation Accrued interest Billings in excess of costs and earnings on uncompleted contracts Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Service revenues Product sales Total revenues Cost of service revenues Cost of product sales Total costs Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Merger and acquisition expenses Research and development expenses Restructuring expenses and other Operating income 
 Other expense: Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) Other expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Total other expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Net income (loss) from consolidated operations 
 ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Kratos 
 ) ) 
 Basic income (loss) per common share attributable to Kratos 
 ) ) Diluted income (loss) per common share attributable to Kratos 
 ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Net income (loss) from consolidated operations 
 ) Change in unrealized cash flow hedge (net of taxes of million and million for the three and nine month period ended September 29, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine month period ended October 1, 2023) 
 ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income from consolidated operations 
 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Kratos 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 (in millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amounts Balance, June 25, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan and stock options Restricted stock issued and related taxes 
 ) ) Gain on interest rate swap contract 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 
 ) 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amounts Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan and stock options Restricted stock issued and related taxes 
 ) ) Loss on interest rate swap contract 
 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balance, September 29, 2024 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 (in millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amounts Balance, December 25, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan and stock options Restricted stock issued and related taxes 
 ) ) Gain on interest rate swap contract 
 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Changes in noncontrolling interest Balance, October 1, 2023 
 ) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2023 
 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan and stock options Restricted stock issued and related taxes 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock for equity raise 
 Loss on interest rate swap contract 
 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Changes in noncontrolling interest ) Balance, September 29, 2024 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Operating activities: Net income (loss) from consolidated operations 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from consolidated operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Amortization of lease right-of-use assets Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing costs Provision for doubtful accounts Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Inventoried costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses Accrued compensation ) Accrued interest ) Billings in excess of costs and earnings on uncompleted contracts ) Income tax receivable and payable Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) Investing activities: Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of assets Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Borrowing under credit facility Repayment under credit facility and term loan ) ) Payments under finance leases ) ) Payments of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards ) ) Proceeds from shares issued under equity plans Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net cash provided (used) 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 Significant non-cash investing and financing activities: Financing lease obligation incurred Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Common stock issuance for purchase of noncontrolling interests 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 

Certain prior year items have been reclassified to be consistent with current year presentation. 
 
 (b) 
 interest in KTT CORE, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as KTT CORE, LLC KTT Core which previously had been reported as a majority owned subsidiary. KTT Core is now a 100 owned subsidiary. See Note 11 for further information related to the redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 

(e) 
 9 

(f) 

Note 2. 
 
 shares of Kratos common stock valued at million on October 3, 2023 and (ii) agreed to issue up to an additional shares of Kratos common stock valued at million pursuant to certain holdback and earn-out provisions, in each case, to the former stockholders of STS. The Company recorded net assets of million and goodwill of million related to the STS acquisition. Significant assets of STS acquired by the Company included accounts receivable of million, and identified intangibles (contracts and backlog) of million. Significant liabilities of STS assumed by the Company included deferred revenue of million. The operating results of the STS acquisition have been included in the Company s results of operations from the effective date of the acquisition. The amount of net sales and earnings of STS included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 are not material. Had the acquisition occurred as of December 26, 2022, net sales, net income from consolidated operations, net income attributable to Kratos, and basic and diluted net income per share attributable to Kratos on a pro forma basis for the year ended December 31, 2023 would not have been materially different than the reported amounts. STS is included in the US segment. 

Note 3. 
 
 10 

million of remaining performance obligations. The Company expects to recognize approximately of the remaining performance obligations as revenue in fiscal year 2024, an additional in fiscal year 2025, and the balance thereafter. 
 
 Contract Estimates 
 
 Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables, and requires significant judgment. On a quarterly basis, the Company conducts its contract cost Estimate at Completion EAC process by reviewing the progress and execution of outstanding performance obligations within its contracts. As part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs. The risks and opportunities include management s judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule (e.g., the number and type of milestone events), technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product) and other contract requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance obligation (e.g., to estimate increases in wages and prices for materials and related support cost allocations), execution by subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from customers and overhead cost rates, among other variables. 
 
 In addition, certain of the Company s long-term contracts contain award fees, incentive fees, or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. These variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones, or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. Variable consideration is estimated at the most likely amount to which the Company is expected to be entitled. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of the Company s anticipated performance and all information (historical, current, and forecasted) that is reasonably available. 
 
 Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. Contract modifications are considered to exist when the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Most of the Company s contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price, and the measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. 
 
 11 

Contract liabilities ) Net contract assets 
 
 Contract assets increased million during the nine months ended September 29, 2024, primarily due to higher unbilled receivables, net during the nine months ended September 29, 2024. There were no significant impairment losses related to any receivables or contract assets arising from the Company s contracts with customers during the nine months ended September 29, 2024. Contract liabilities decreased million during the nine months ended September 29, 2024, primarily due to revenue recognized in excess of payments received on these performance obligations. For the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was previously included in the contract liabilities that existed at December 31, 2023. For the three and nine months ended October 1, 2023 the Company recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was previously included in the contract liabilities that existed at December 25, 2022. 
 
 12 

Cost plus fee Time and materials Total Kratos Government Solutions Unmanned Systems Fixed price Cost plus fee Time and materials Total Unmanned Systems Total Revenues 
 
 Revenue by customer was as follows (in millions): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Kratos Government Solutions U.S. Government (1) 
 International (2) 
 U.S. Commercial and other customers Total Kratos Government Solutions Unmanned Systems U.S. Government (1) 
 International (2) 
 U.S. Commercial and other customers Total Unmanned Systems Total Revenues 
 (1) Sales to the U.S. Government include sales from contracts for which the Company is the prime contractor, as well as those for which the 
 Company is a subcontractor and the ultimate customer is the U.S. Government. Each of the Company s segments derives substantial revenue 
 from the U.S. Government. These sales include foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. Government. 
 
 (2) International sales include sales from contracts for which the Company is the prime contractor, as well as those for which the Company is a 
 subcontractor and the ultimate customer is an international customer. These sales include direct sales with governments outside the U.S. and 
 commercial sales with customers outside the U.S. 
 
 13 

Note 4. 
 
 Less accumulated impairment Net 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 KGS US Total Gross value Less accumulated impairment Net 
 
 (b) Purchased Intangible Assets 
 
 ) ) Contracts and backlog ) ) Developed technology and technical know-how ) ) Trade names ) ) In-process research and development ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived trade names Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Consolidated amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization was million and million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 

14 

Note 5. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventoried costs 

Note 6. 
 million and million shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock granted to employees under stock-based compensation plans. Diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2023 exclude the dilutive effects of awards granted to employees under stock-based compensation plans of million and million shares, respectively, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

Note 7. 

15 

Interest on lease liabilities - finance leases Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost (cost excluded from lease payments) Sublease income ) Total lease cost 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 Finance leases: Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Other current liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Finance lease - financing cash flows Operating lease - operating cash flows (fixed payments) 
 
 16 

Finance lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

2025 2026 2027 2028 
 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total present value of lease liabilities (1) Excludes the nine months ended September 29, 2024. 

Note 8. 
 
 Nondeductible expenses and other Stock compensation - excess tax shortfalls (windfalls) 
 ) ) ) Federal impact of research development tax credits ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 

The Company calculates its interim income tax provision in accordance with ASC Topic 270, Interim Reporting, and ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Prior to 2022, the Company calculated the provision for income taxes during the interim reporting periods by applying an estimate of the annual effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to ordinary income or loss (pretax income or loss excluding unusual or infrequently occurring discrete items) for the reporting period. The Company determined that since small changes in estimated ordinary income would result in significant changes in the 
 17 

million of unrecognized tax benefits. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at September 29, 2024 are million that, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective income tax rate. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company recorded an expense of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, there was no material benefit recorded related to the removal of interest and penalties. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that as much as million of the liabilities for uncertain tax positions will expire within the next twelve months due to the expiration of various applicable statutes of limitations. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a 1 excise tax on net stock purchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. The IRA is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has a framework to implement a global minimum corporate tax of 15 for companies with global revenues and profits above certain thresholds (referred to as Pillar 2), with certain aspects of Pillar 2 effective January 1, 2024 and other aspects effective January 1, 2025. While it is uncertain whether the U.S. will enact legislation to adopt Pillar 2, certain countries in which we operate have adopted legislation, and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement Pillar 2. Pillar 2 had no impact on our 2024 effective tax rate and we do not currently expect Pillar 2 to have a material impact on our effective tax rate or our consolidated results of operation, financial position, and cash flows going forward. 

Note 9. 
 million revolving credit facility and million Senior Secured Notes, with a new million Revolving Credit Facility and million Term Loan A (collectively, the 2022 Credit Facility ). The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million associated with the 2022 Credit Facility. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has made an aggregate of million in principal payments on Term Loan A and has amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, with million remaining in borrowing capacity, less approximately million of letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is governed by a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which establishes the senior secured credit facility which is comprised of the million Revolving Credit Facility (which includes sub-facilities for the incurrence of up to million of swingline loans and the issuance of up to million of Letters of Credit) and the million Term Loan A. The Credit Agreement contemplates uncommitted incremental credit facilities of up to million (which amount would be reduced by the aggregate amount of any and all incremental credit facilities actually established under the Credit Agreement) plus additional uncommitted incremental capacity subject to a limitation based on the Company s pro forma total net leverage ratio (including any such additional uncommitted incremental capacity). 
 
 Borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan credit facility may take the form of base rate loans or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR loans. Base rate loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time in effect plus the highest of (i) the Agent s (as defined in the Credit Agreement) prime lending rate, as in effect at such time, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), as in effect at such time, plus , (iii) the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for a one-month tenor in effect on such day, plus and (iv) . SOFR loans will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin from time to time in effect plus the Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement) selected by the Company of one, three or six months. The Applicable Margin varies between and per annum for SOFR loans and between and per annum for base rate loans, and is based on the Company s total net leverage ratio from time to time. 
 18 

in each of the first and second years and in each of the third, fourth and fifth years, with the remaining outstanding balance due at maturity. The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, which include, but are not limited to, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, restricted payments, asset sales, and investments, and places limits on various other payments. The Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 On April 28, 2023, the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract to hedge U.S. dollar-one month Term SOFR in order to fix the interest rate movements associated with the Company s Term Loan A. The initial hedge amount was million and amortizes in accordance with Term Loan A. The swap is at a fixed rate of one-month term SOFR of and settles monthly on the last day of each calendar month. The swap has an effective date of May 1, 2023 and terminates on May 1, 2026. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion of the accounting treatment of the swap arrangement. 
 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Debt 
 
 Revolving credit facility Total debt Less current portion Total long-term debt, less current portion Less long-term unamortized debt issuance costs - term loans Total long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs - term loans Unamortized debt issuance costs - revolving credit facility Current period interest rate 
 
 2025 2026 2027 

Note 10. 
 reportable segments. The KGS reportable segment is comprised of an aggregation of KGS operating business units, including the Company s microwave electronics products, space, satellite and cyber, training solutions, C5ISR/modular systems, turbine technologies and defense and rocket support systems operating segments. The US reportable segment consists of the Company s unmanned aerial, unmanned ground, unmanned seaborne and command, control and communications system business. The KGS and US segments provide products, solutions and services for mission critical national security programs. KGS and US customers primarily include national security related agencies, the U.S. Department of Defense (the DoD ), intelligence agencies and classified agencies, and to a lesser degree, international government agencies and domestic and international commercial customers. 
 
 The Company organizes its reportable segments based on the nature of the products, solutions and services offered. Transactions between segments are generally negotiated and accounted for under terms and conditions similar to other government and commercial contracts. In the following table, total operating income from continuing operations of the reportable business segments is reconciled to the corresponding consolidated amount. The reconciling item Corporate activities includes costs for certain stock-based compensation programs (including stock-based compensation costs for stock options, the employee stock purchase plan and restricted stock units), the effects of items not considered part of management s evaluation of segment operating performance, merger and acquisition expenses, corporate costs not allocated to the segments, and other miscellaneous corporate activities. 
 19 

Product sales Total Kratos Government Solutions Unmanned Systems Service revenues Product sales Total Unmanned Systems Total revenues Depreciation and amortization: Kratos Government Solutions Unmanned Systems Total depreciation and amortization Operating income: 
 Kratos Government Solutions Unmanned Systems Corporate activities ) ) ) ) Total operating income 

Note 11. 
 
 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Florida Turbine Technologies Inc., a Florida corporation FTT Inc. ), and of the membership interests in KTT Core, a Delaware limited liability company, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. On February 18, 2022, the capital stock of FTT Inc. was conveyed to KTT Core for organizational purposes such that FTT Inc. is now a wholly owned subsidiary of KTT Core. In connection with the Company s acquisition of FTT Inc., and KTT Core, (i) beginning in January 2024, the holders (the Holders of the minority interests in KTT Core (the Minority Interests had an annual right (the Put Right to sell all of the Minority Interests to the Company at a purchase price based on a specified multiple of the trailing 12 months EBITDA of KTT Core and its subsidiaries (the Acquired Companies ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Exchange Agreement entered into by and among the Company, the Acquired Companies and the Holders, as amended on February 18, 2022 (the Exchange Agreement ). 
 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement to acquire an additional (the Purchased Shares of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of KTT Core (together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries including FTT Inc.), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, for an aggregate estimated purchase price of approximately million, to be paid in shares of Kratos common stock. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company paid consideration of million, paid in shares of its common stock, based upon Kratos trading price on the date of distribution. Following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company owned of KTT Core. On April 7, 2023, the final aggregate purchase price, as updated to reflect the actual 2022 operating results and to reflect the market price of Kratos common stock on the day of issuance, was determined and shares of Kratos common stock were issued to the Holders of the Minority Interests with a value of million. 
 
 On March 22, 2024, the Holders notified Kratos of their intent to sell their remaining Minority Interests through the Holders exercise of the Put Right. On June 21, 2024, the Company acquired the remaining of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of KTT Core for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, which was 
 20 

million in cash and shares of Kratos common stock valued at million based on Kratos 90 day average trading price ending on day immediately prior to the date of acquisition. Following the closing of the transaction the Company owned of KTT Core. 
 
 million and million, respectively, to increase the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest to the estimated Redemption Amount. As a result of the Company s acquisition of the remaining of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of KTT Core on June 21, 2024, the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest was reduced to . 

Note 12. 
 
 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share in an underwritten offering. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million. After deducting underwriting fees and other offering expenses, the Company received approximately million in net proceeds. The Company expects to use the net proceeds of this public equity offering to facilitate its long-term strategy, including potential investment in facilities, expanding manufacturing capacity, anticipated capital expenditures for expansion of current sole-source/single award programs and high probability pipeline opportunities, initiate or accelerate production or integration of unmanned drone, hypersonic or other systems in anticipation of customer contract awards, further strengthen its balance sheet in anticipation of upcoming customer and partner decisions and source selection on additional large, new program and contract opportunities, for general corporate purposes, including paydown of debt, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with this public equity offering. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company used million of the proceeds from this public equity offering to pay down amounts outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility. 

Note 13. 
 million and million, or and of total Kratos revenue, for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million, or and of total Kratos revenue, for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 

Note 14. 
 21 

Note 15. 
 million. At September 29, 2024, the fair value amounts of the foreign currency exchange contracts were a million asset and a million liability. The net loss from these forward exchange contracts was million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and the net gain was million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024, and is included in other expense. The notional value of the Company s foreign currency exchange contracts at December 31, 2023, was million. At December 31, 2023, the fair value amounts of the foreign currency exchange contracts were a million asset and a million liability. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedge 
 
 On April 28, 2023, the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract with an initial notional amount of million to manage the variability of cash flows associated with the Term Loan A. The interest rate swap contract matures on May 1, 2026 and requires periodic interest rate settlements. The swap is at a fixed SOFR of and settles monthly on the last day of each calendar month. The Company has designated the interest rate swap contract as a cash flow hedge and assesses the hedge effectiveness both at the onset of the hedge and at regular intervals throughout the life of the derivative. Changes in fair value (gains and losses) related to derivative financial instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges are deferred in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AOCI until the underlying transaction is reflected in earnings. The net gain reclassed from AOCI from the interest rate swap reflected in earnings was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and is recorded as an offset to interest expense. The net gain reclassed from AOCI from the interest rate swap reflected in earnings was million and million for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, respectively, and is recorded as an offset to interest expense. 
 22 

) 
 23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements relating to our future financial performance, the market for our services and our opportunities. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue, the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements reflect our current beliefs, expectations and projections, are based on assumptions, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or achievements to differ materially from any future results or achievements expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Important risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or achievements to differ materially from the results or achievements reflected in our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: changes, cutbacks or delays in spending by the U.S. Department of Defense may occur which could cause delays or cancellations of key government contracts; delays to or the cancellation of our projects as a result of protest actions submitted by our competitors; changes in federal government (or other applicable) procurement laws, regulations, policies and budgets; the availability of government funding for the Company s products and services due to performance, cost growth, or other factors; changes in government and customer priorities and requirements; the potential of the current economic environment to adversely impact our business; currently unforeseen risks associated with any public health crisis; risks related to natural disasters or severe weather; changes in the scope or timing of our projects; the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer contracts and agreements, or consolidation by or the loss of key customers; risks of adverse regulatory action or litigation; risks related to our international operations; risks associated with debt leverage; failure to successfully achieve our integration, cost reduction or divestiture strategies; risks related to security breaches, cybersecurity attacks or other significant disruptions of our information systems; and competition in the marketplace, which could reduce revenues and profit margins, as well as the additional risks and uncertainties described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in Item 1A-Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 13, 2024 (the Form 10-K ), and in other reports that we have filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date such forward-looking statements are made. Except as required by law, we assume no responsibility for updating any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 All references to us, we, our, the Company and Kratos refer to Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 
 
 Kratos is a technology, products, system and software company addressing the defense, national security, and commercial markets. Kratos makes true internally funded research, development, capital and other investments, to rapidly develop, produce and field solutions that address our customers mission critical needs and requirements. At Kratos, affordability is a technology, and we seek to utilize proven, leading edge approaches and technology, not unproven bleeding edge approaches or technology, with Kratos approach designed to reduce cost, schedule and risk, enabling us to be first to market with cost effective solutions. We believe that Kratos is known as the innovative disruptive change agent in the industry, a company that is an expert in designing products and systems up front for successful rapid, large quantity, low cost future manufacturing, which is a value add competitive differentiator for our large traditional prime system integrator partners and also to our government and commercial customers. Kratos intends to pursue program and contract opportunities as the prime or lead contractor when we believe our probability of win is high and any investment required by Kratos is within our capital resource comfort level. We intend to partner and team with a large, traditional system integrator when our assessment of probability of win is greater or required investment is beyond Kratos comfort level. Kratos primary business areas include, virtualized ground systems for satellites and space vehicles including software for command control (C2) and telemetry, tracking and control (TT C), jet powered unmanned aerial drone systems, hypersonic vehicles and rocket systems, propulsion systems for drones, missiles, loitering munitions, supersonic systems, space craft and launch systems, command, control, communication, computing, combat, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance (C5ISR) and microwave electronic products for missile, radar, air defense, missile defense, space, satellite, counter unmanned aircraft systems (CUAS), directed energy, communication and other systems, and virtual augmented reality training systems for the warfighter. We believe that there is a generational recapitalization of weapon systems occurring globally, including with the United States and its allies, to address individual and potential collective peer and near peer threats, including Russia, China, North Korea and Iran. The Company currently has record levels of backlog and opportunity pipeline. The Company is currently making significant capital, property, plant, equipment and other internally funded investments to address its backlog, current opportunity pipeline, and expected and potential future program and contract awards, including from or with the Department of Defense, traditional legacy prime 
 24 

systems integrators and partners. These investments include; unmanned jet powered aircraft such as Kratos Valkyrie ahead of potential contract award; a hypersonic system fabrication and integration facility including for Kratos Zeus standard rocket missiles (SRMs) and Erinyes hypersonic flight systems; the purchase of long lead items for up to 60 Oriole SRM s for ballistic missile defense related, hypersonic or other expected customer missions; expansion of our small turbojet engine production capacity in Michigan; establishment of a planned small turbofan jet engine production facility in the United States; expansion of our existing microwave electronics manufacturing facility in Israel, establishment of an additional microwave electronics facility in Israel, including a space qualified facility; expansion of our machining, milling, casting, 3D printing and additive manufacturing capable facility in the United States to support our jet engine and other product and system manufacturing requirements; establishment of a new facility related to the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) program; expansion of our unmanned jet drone manufacturing capability; expansion of existing and construction of additional classified facilities for certain programs and contracts. 

Industry Update 
 
 On March 22, 2024, President Biden signed the second fiscal year 2024 Consolidated Appropriations package into law. This legislation reflects an 886 billion appropriation for national defense, of which 842 billion would be for the U.S. Department of Defense DoD base budget. On April 24, 2024, President Biden signed a bill providing a total of 95.3 billion in additional supplemental funding for Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan, including funding for the restock of U.S. munitions capacity, and a fourth bill to impose sanctions and allow the use of seized Russian assets to assist Ukraine. 
 
 On March 11, 2024, President Biden submitted the fiscal year 2025 budget request to Congress. The request included 895 billion for national defense, of which 850 billion is for the DoD base budget. On May 22, 2024, the House Armed Services Committee approved the fiscal year 2025 National Defense Authorization Act. The bill authorizes 849.8 billion in funding for the DoD. On June 28, 2024, the House passed the fiscal year 2025 DoD Appropriations bill H.R. 8774. On July 8, 2024, the Senate Armed Service Committee filed their version of the fiscal 2025 National Defense Authorization Act at a level 25 billion above the President s budget request. 
 
 The Federal fiscal year 2024 ended September 30, 2024, without Congress approving, nor the President signing into law a Federal fiscal 2025 budget, including the National Security and Department of Defense Budgets. As a result, beginning October 1, 2024, the Federal Government is currently operating under a Continuing Resolution Authorization CRA ), under which, no new contract awards, no increases in existing contract funding, no increases in existing production contracts and no transition from development to production, among other items, can occur. Federal fiscal 2024 also operated under an approximate 6 month CRA, from October 1, 2023 through March 22, 2024. As a result, Kratos and the industry will operate under a CRA and its limitations for approximately 6 months out of the 12 months of calendar year 2024, if the current fiscal year 2025 CRA continues through December 31, 2024, which is currently expected. 
 
 On November 5, 2025, the U.S. Presidential and Congressional elections occurred, with Donald Trump being elected President of the United States, the Republican party controlling the Senate and control of the House of Representatives undetermined as of the date of this Report. President Trump will take office on January 20, 2025, and the new Congress and Senate will be seated on January 3, 2025. As a result of these recent elections, the current Fiscal 2025 CRA could be significantly extended, with no Fiscal 2025 Federal Budget until sometime in calendar 2025. There is also the possibility that the industry could experience a full year CRA related to Federal fiscal 2025, with no Federal fiscal 2025 budget enacted. 
 
 The potential challenges presented by the recent elections, Presidential and congressional changes and the related transitions, the CRA, the current budgetary and deficit funding environment, Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan funding support, continuing heightened levels of inflation, ongoing supply chain disruption, and the challenging appropriations process, among other items, all continue to create significant short and long-term risks to the industry and the Company. 
 
 We believe continued budget and deficit funding pressures (which are expected), CRAs.(which are also expected), future Federal Government debt ceiling issues, or Federal Government shutdowns could have serious negative consequences for the security of our country and the defense industrial base, including the Company and the related customers, employees, suppliers, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. It is possible that budget and program decisions made in such an uncertain environment would have long-term implications for our Company and the entire defense industry. Additionally, funding for certain programs, including those in which we currently participate or are pursuing, may be reduced, delayed or cancelled, and budget uncertainty or funding cuts globally could adversely affect the viability of our customers, partners, teammates, subcontractors, suppliers, and our employee base. 
 
 25 

Such a challenging federal and DoD budgetary environment may negatively impact our customers, business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our forecasts, estimates, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 We also continue to be affected by various unfavorable macroeconomic conditions including adverse supply chain disruptions that continue throughout the industry and for us, and related delays in the receipt and delivery of materials, parts, supplies, etc., which in certain instances and for certain items is significant. To mitigate the impact of these delays, we have implemented advanced and larger lot purchases of certain materials and parts which has resulted in an increased use of our working capital, which is expected to continue. In addition, inflation and the related increased costs of inputs needed to execute our business, including materials, parts, supplies, consultants, subcontractors, vendors, etc. have significantly increased our business costs and have adversely impacted our operations, profit margins and financial forecasts. 
 
 Also, an industry wide shortage of qualified labor, and the cost of that labor for the Company and its labor base is a significant operational challenge. The cost of labor has increased significantly and current challenges in hiring, obtaining and retaining employees, including those employees requiring National Security clearances, is adversely impacting Kratos ability to execute its business. There is also a significant industry wide labor shortage, including in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) discipline areas, and also including employees willing and/or able to obtain National Security clearances, and for high level manufacturing and production disciplines. 
 
 In addition, actions by the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates in the past few years have impacted our interest expense on our outstanding debt borrowings and the related cost of executing Kratos business. Although the most recent actions by the Federal Reserve decreased rates slightly, the industry and Kratos are still impacted by rates that are higher than prevailing interest rates over the past several years. Each of these challenges are expected to continue for the foreseeable future and are expected to continue to adversely impact the Company s operations, financial results and financial forecasts. 
 
 We do believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the DoD and other customers currently indicate are priorities for future defense spending, including as identified in the 2024 defense budget and related Future Years Defense Program (FYDP), the President s 2025 National Security and Defense Budget Request and the 2022 National Security Strategy document. As noted above, we believe that there is a generational recapitalization of weapon systems occurring with the U.S. and its allies to address peer and near peer threats, including Russia, China, North Korea and Iran, and the Company s positioning as a proven provider of hardware, systems and software to address these threats for and with our customers and partners is recognized in the industry. We believe that the Company s hardware, software and solution offerings, including jet unmanned aerial drones, rocket and hypersonic systems, C5ISR and air defense systems, jet engine and propulsion systems for missiles, drones, hypersonic and supersonic vehicles, microwave electronics for missile, radar and air defense systems and training systems, address mission critical priority areas of the DoD. 

Reportable Segments 
 
 The Company currently operates in two reportable segments. The KGS reportable segment is comprised of an aggregation of KGS operating segments, including our microwave electronics products, space, satellite and cyber, training solutions, C5ISR/modular systems, turbine technologies, and defense and rocket support services operating segments. The US reportable segment consists of our unmanned aerial, unmanned ground, unmanned seaborne and command, control and communications system businesses. 
 
 We organize our business segments based primarily on the nature of the products, solutions and services offered. Transactions between segments are negotiated and accounted for under terms and conditions similar to other government and commercial contracts, and these intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. For additional information regarding our reportable segments, see Note 10 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. From a customer and solutions perspective, we view our business as an integrated whole, leveraging skills and assets wherever possible. 
 
 26 

Comparison of Results for the Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 to the Three Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 Revenues. Revenues by reporting segment for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 are as follows (dollars in millions): 
 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 change change Kratos Government Solutions Service revenues 102.0 104.4 (2.4) (2.3) Product sales 109.7 113.5 (3.8) (3.3) Total Kratos Government Solutions 211.7 217.9 (6.2) (2.8) Unmanned Systems Service revenues 1.9 2.1 (0.2) (9.5) Product sales 62.3 54.6 7.7 14.1 Total Unmanned Systems 64.2 56.7 7.5 13.2 Total revenues 275.9 274.6 1.3 0.5 Total service revenues 103.9 106.5 (2.6) (2.4) Total product sales 172.0 168.1 3.9 2.3 Total revenues 275.9 274.6 1.3 0.5 
 
 Revenues increased 1.3 million to 275.9 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 274.6 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023. Revenues in our KGS segment decreased 6.2 million primarily due to a decline of 24.2 million in the Space and Satellite business primarily resulting from the industry related Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) delays in the manufacture and delivery of software defined satellites which has adversely impacted the deployment of our satellite ground equipment as well as the impact of an extended CRA, partially offset by aggregate organic revenue growth of 18.0 million generated in our turbine technologies, microwave products, C5ISR, Defense Rocket Support and Training Solutions businesses. Revenues in our US segment increased 7.5 million to 64.2 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024, reflecting the contribution from the STS acquisition and increased international target drone production activity during the quarter ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Product sales increased 3.9 million to 172.0 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 168.1 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023, primarily as a result of increased production in our US segment. As a percentage of total consolidated revenues, product sales were 62.3 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 61.2 for the three months ended October 1, 2023. Service revenues decreased by 2.6 million to 103.9 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 106.5 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023, primarily related to decreased activity in our space and satellite business in our KGS segment. 
 
 Cost of Revenues. Cost of revenues increased 5.5 million to 206.7 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 201.2 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily related to the increased revenues as well the impact of increased labor and material costs, with the most notable increased activity in our Unmanned Systems segment. 
 
 Gross Margin . Gross margin decreased to 25.1 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 26.7 for the three months ended October 1, 2023. Margins on services increased to 26.2 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 25.8 for the three months ended October 1, 2023. Margins on products decreased to 24.4 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 27.3 for the three months end October 1, 2023. Margins in the KGS segment decreased to 27.4 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 27.9 for the three months ended October 1, 2023. Margins in the US segment decreased to 17.6 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 22.0 for the three months ended October 1, 2023, primarily due to a less favorable mix of products produced and shipped, and from the impact of increased labor and material costs in the three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses . SG A expenses increased 1.7 million to 52.6 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 50.9 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023 due primarily to the increased revenue volume and headcount. As a percentage of revenues, SG A increased to 19.1 at September 29, 2024 from 18.5 at October 1, 2023. 
 
 Research and Development R D Expenses. R D expenses decreased 0.4 million to 9.9 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 10.3 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023, primarily due to decreased 
 27 

development efforts in our space and satellite communications business partially offset with increases in our unmanned systems and microwave products businesses. As a percentage of revenues, R D decreased to 3.6 for the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 3.8 for the three months ended October 1, 2023. R D expenses are made by the Company, typically in conjunction with our customers, for the Company to achieve a first to market position with our products or technology. We also invest in R D expenses to achieve market leading designed in positions on major programs, platforms or systems. 
 
 Restructuring Expenses and Other. We had no restructuring expenses for the three months ended September 29, 2024 or for the three months ended October 1, 2023. 
 
 Total Other Expense, Net. The total other expense, net was 0.7 million for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and 5.4 million for the three months ended October 1, 2023. This decrease in total other expense, net of 4.7 million was primarily related to a decrease in interest expense of 1.9 million as a result of the reduction of debt and the interest rate hedge entered into during the third quarter of 2023 on the Company s Term Loan A, and an increase in interest income of 3.2 million in the three months ended September 29, 2024, resulting from the increased cash balances following the February 27, 2024 stock offering which raised approximately 331.2 million in net proceeds. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes. The income tax expense for the three months ended September 29, 2024 was 2.6 million and the income tax expense for the three months ended October 1, 2023 was 3.8 million. For the three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company utilized the discrete effective tax rate method. The discrete method is applied when it is not possible to reliably estimate our full year effective tax rate due to significant permanent differences in relation to pre-tax book income, resulting in significant variability to our effective tax rate. 

Comparison of Results for the Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 Revenues . Revenues by reporting segment for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 are as follows (dollars in millions): 
 
 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 change change Kratos Government Solutions Service revenues 311.3 296.8 14.5 4.9 Product sales 332.5 309.7 22.8 7.4 Total Kratos Government Solutions 643.8 606.5 37.3 6.2 Unmanned Systems Service revenues 5.6 5.0 0.6 12.0 Product sales 203.8 151.8 52.0 34.3 Total Unmanned Systems 209.4 156.8 52.6 33.5 Total revenues 853.2 763.3 89.9 11.8 Total service revenues 316.9 301.8 15.1 5.0 Total product sales 536.3 461.5 74.8 16.2 Total revenues 853.2 763.3 89.9 11.8 
 
 Revenues increased 89.9 million to 853.2 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 763.3 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Revenues in our KGS segment increased 37.3 million, primarily due to revenue increases in our C5ISR and microwave electronics products businesses primarily resulting from increased activity for multiple air defense systems and programs, and growth in our turbine technologies, training solutions and defense and rocket support businesses primarily resulting from new contract awards, partially offset by decreases in our space and satellite businesses, which has been impacted by the extended CRA as well as OEM delayed commercial satellite launches which has adversely impacted the deployment of our commercial satellite ground equipment resulting in an aggregate reduction of 31.8 million in revenues for our space and satellite business. Revenues in our US segment increased 52.6 million to 209.4 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 reflecting the contribution from the STS acquisition, and increased domestic target drone production and a certain international target drone delivery which contributed 18.9 million in revenue during the nine months ended September 29, 2024, and as a result of timing of program contract awards and increased production volume as compared to the nine months ended October 1, 2023. 
 28 

Product sales increased 74.8 million to 536.3 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 461.5 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023, primarily as a result of increased production activity in our KGS segment and in our US segment. As a percentage of total revenue, product sales were 62.9 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 60.5 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Service revenues increased by 15.1 million to 316.9 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 301.8 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. The increase was primarily related to increased activity in our turbine technologies and defense rocket support businesses in our KGS segment. 
 
 Cost of Revenues . Cost of revenues increased 69.2 million to 635.8 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 566.6 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily a result of the increase in revenues discussed above as well as the impact of increased labor and material costs. 
 
 Gross Margin. Gross margin decreased to 25.5 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 25.8 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Margins on services increased to 26.5 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 24.7 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Margins on product sales decreased to 24.9 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 26.5 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Margins in the KGS segment increased to 27.8 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 27.1 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 primarily due to a more favorable mix of revenues. Margins in the US segment decreased to 18.5 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 20.7 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 due to the mix of revenues, revenue volume and resources. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses . SG A expenses increased 15.5 million from 146.0 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 to 161.5 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 due primarily to the increased revenue volume and headcount. As a percentage of revenues, SG A decreased to 18.9 at September 29, 2024, from 19.1 at October 1, 2023. 
 
 Research and Development R D Expenses . R D expenses were 29.7 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and 30.4 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023, primarily due to decreased development efforts in our space and satellite communications business partially offset with increases in our unmanned systems and microwave products businesses. As a percentage of revenues, R D expenses decreased to 3.5 for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 4.0 for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. R D expenses are made by the Company, typically in conjunction with our customers, for the Company to achieve a first to market position with our products or technology. We also invest in R D expenses to achieve market leading designed in positions on major programs, platforms or systems. 
 
 Restructuring Expenses and Other . We had no restructuring expenses for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. Restructuring expenses were 0.9 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. 
 
 Total Other Expense, Net . Total other expense, net decreased to 3.5 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 15.9 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 . The decrease of 12.4 million was primarily related to a decrease in interest expense of 4.6 million, resulting from reduced debt balances and an increase in interest income of 8.2 million during the nine months ended September 29, 2024, resulting from the increased cash balances following the February 27, 2024 stock offering which raised approximately 331.2 million in net proceeds. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes from Continuing Operations . The income tax expense from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 was 10.1 million and the income tax expense for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 was 6.7 million. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company utilized the discrete effective tax rate method. The discrete method is applied when it is not possible to reliably estimate our full year effective tax rate due to significant permanent differences in relation to pre-tax book income, resulting in significant variability to our estimated effective tax rate. 

Backlog 
 
 On September 29, 2024, we had approximately 1,294.0 million of total backlog, of which 1,098.6 million was funded. We expect to recognize approximately 19 of the remaining total backlog as revenue in fiscal year 2024, an additional 50 in fiscal year 2025 and the balance thereafter. Our comparable total backlog balance as of October 1, 2023, was approximately 1,165.0 million, of which 850.9 million was funded. Backlog as of September 29, 2024 as compared to October 1, 2023 has increased primarily as a result of contract awards in our Microwave Products, C5ISR, Defense and Rocket Support and Unmanned Systems businesses. 
 
 Total backlog is our estimate of the amount of revenue expected to be realized over the remaining life of awarded contracts and task orders that we have in hand as of the measurement date. Total backlog can include award fees, incentive fees, or other variable consideration estimated based on the most likely amount we expect to be entitled to receive, to the extent that 
 29 

it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Total backlog can include both funded and unfunded future revenue under government contracts. Total backlog does not include orders for which neither party has performed and which each party has the unilateral right to terminate a wholly unperformed contract without compensating the other party. As such, total backlog generally does not include options for additional performance obligations which have not been executed unless they are considered a material right of the base agreement/contract. For indefinite delivery or indefinite quantity contracts, only awarded or funded task orders are included for backlog purposes. 
 
 We define funded backlog as estimated future revenue under government contracts and task orders for which funding has been appropriated by Congress and authorized for expenditure by the applicable agency, plus an estimate of the future revenue expected to be realized from commercial contracts that are under firm orders. Funded backlog does not include the full potential value of our contracts because Congress often appropriates funds to be used by an agency for a particular program of a contract on a yearly or quarterly basis even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. As a result, contracts typically are only partially funded at any point during their term, and all or some of the work to be performed under the contracts may remain unfunded unless and until Congress makes a subsequent appropriation and the procuring agency allocates funding to the contract. 
 
 Contracts undertaken by us may extend beyond one year. Accordingly, portions are carried forward from one year to the next as part of backlog. Because many factors affect the scheduling of projects, no assurance can be given as to when or if revenue will be realized on projects included in our backlog. Although funded backlog represents only business that is considered to be firm, we cannot guarantee that cancellations or scope adjustments will not occur. The majority of funded backlog represents contracts with terms that would entitle us to all or a portion of our costs incurred and potential fees upon cancellation by the customer. 
 
 A significant number of the programs that Kratos systems, products and solutions support are multi-year/multi-decade in nature. Accordingly, based on historical customer usage or operational tempo, we have reasonable expectations or visibility of what ultimate orders for Kratos systems, products and solutions will be. We do not include these expected amounts in our backlog until a related contract award is received. 
 
 Management believes that year-to-year comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future revenues. The actual timing of receipt of revenues, if any, on projects included in backlog could change because many factors affect the scheduling of projects. In addition, cancellations or adjustments to contracts may occur. Backlog is typically subject to large variations from quarter-to-quarter as existing contracts are renewed or new contracts are awarded. Additionally, all U.S. Government contracts included in backlog, whether or not funded, may be terminated at the convenience of the U.S. Government. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 301.5 million compared with cash and cash equivalents of 72.8 million as of December 31, 2023, which includes 39.3 million and 44.1 million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries. We are not presently aware of any restrictions on the repatriation of these funds, however, earnings of these foreign subsidiaries are essentially considered permanently invested in these foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the United States they could be repatriated, and their repatriation into the United States may cause us to incur additional foreign withholding taxes. We do not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. 
 
 Our total long-term debt decreased from 227.5 million at December 31, 2023 to 187.5 million at September 29, 2024, reflecting the 5.0 million in aggregate principal payments we have made on the Term Loan A and a net 35.0 million repayment made during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 on our Revolving Credit Facility. On February 18, 2022, we completed the refinancing of our outstanding 90 million revolving credit facility and 300 million of Senior Secured Notes, with a new 5-year 200 million Revolving Credit Facility and 5-year 200 million Term Loan A. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has made an aggregate of 12.5 million of principal payments on Term Loan A, and has no amounts outstanding under the new Revolving Credit Facility, with 200.0 million remaining in borrowing capacity, less approximately 8.0 million for outstanding letters of credit (as more fully described in Note 9 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). 
 30 

We use our operating cash flow to finance trade accounts receivable, fund necessary increases in inventory including increasing inventory stock levels and advance buys in larger lot sizes to gain pricing benefits where possible, in order to mitigate the impact of supply chain disruptions and price increases, utilize working capital to fund revenue growth, fund prepayments required for long lead items necessary for production, fund internal investments of engineering and software development costs, fund capital expenditures, our internal research and development investments and our ongoing operations, service our debt, enhance our security infrastructure, including cyber security infrastructure, and make strategic acquisitions. Financing trade accounts receivable is necessary because, on average, our customers do not pay us as quickly as we pay our vendors and employees for their goods and services because a number of our receivables are contractually billable and due to us only when certain contractual milestones are achieved. Financing increases in inventory balances are necessary to fulfill shipment requirements to meet delivery schedules of our customers, to fund advanced inventory purchases to mitigate supply chain disruptions, and to fund production for work in progress and increased inventory levels and prepayments for long-lead materials related to production and revenue growth. These financing requirements have increased and have recently negatively impacted our operating cash flows due to actions we have taken to advance inventory purchases in an attempt to mitigate supply chain disruptions and to bolster our inventory levels. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024, approximately 35.5 million of operating cash flow use was related to increases in prepaid expenses and other assets which also include certain vendor prepayments and deposits related to the procurement of long-lead materials and inventory. Cash from continuing operations is primarily derived from our customer contracts in progress and associated changes in working capital components. Our days sales outstanding DSO have decreased from 116 days as of December 31, 2023 to 105 days at September 29, 2024, primarily reflecting the timing of outstanding contractual billing milestones. Our DSOs are impacted by the achievement of contractual billing milestones such as equipment shipments and deliveries on certain products, and for certain flight requirements that must be fulfilled on certain aerial target programs, or final milestone billings which are not due until completion on certain projects, and therefore we are unable to contractually bill for amounts outstanding related to those milestones at this time. 
 
 At September 29, 2024, approximately 1.5 million in unbilled receivables remained outstanding related to a training solutions program that was terminated for convenience T for C by the customer in 2019. The remaining unbilled receivable amount is subject to negotiation and settlement with the customer, which negotiations are expected to commence soon. 
 
 A summary of our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities from our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows is as follows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 4.1 (2.2) Net cash used in investing activities 
 (56.1) (24.8) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 280.6 (12.1) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 was primarily a result of net income of 12.4 million and changes in net working capital accounts of 70.7 million partially offset by noncash charges of 62.4 million which includes stock compensation, depreciation and amortization. Net cash used in operating activities was 2.2 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 was primarily a result of the net loss of 3.2 million and changes in net working capital accounts of 51.9 million offset by noncash charges 53.1 million which includes stock compensation, depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 56.1 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and is primarily comprised of 44.6 million in capital expenditures and 11.3 million in cash paid for the remaining minority interests in KTT Core (along with a corresponding issuance of 583,700 shares of Kratos common stock valued at 11.3 million). During the nine months ended September 29, 2024, capital expenditures of approximately 20.5 million were incurred in our US business, primarily related to our unmanned tactical initiative. We expect our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2024 to continue to be significant for investments we are making, specifically in our US business totaling approximately 30 to 34 million, including approximately 18 to 22 million for capital aerial targets and related support equipment. The Company is currently producing or anticipates producing several versions of the Valkyrie within the 24 unit production, based on routine communications with the customers, which mix and ultimate duration of the 24 Lot Build may change as a result. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended October 1, 2023 is comprised of 33.1 million in capital expenditures partially offset by receipt of 8.3 million of proceeds from the sale of Valkyries which had been previously built as capital assets as they were produced ahead of government contract award. During the nine months ended October 1, 2023, capital expenditures of approximately 16.5 million were incurred in our US business, primarily related to our unmanned tactical initiative. The Company made the decision in the first quarter of 2023 to move forward with its second serial production run of 12 next generation Valkyries. The 
 31 

total estimated amount related to production of Valkyries and related equipment, ahead of government contract award, including the first and second production run, is 18 to 22 million of the estimated 2024 capital expenditures for the US business. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 280.6 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024, which included employee stock purchase plan receipts of 8.2 million and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of approximately 330.7 million. These proceeds were partially offset by 5.0 million of principal payments on our Term Loan A and a 45.0 million payment (partially offset by a 10.0 million draw) on our Revolving Credit Facility, payroll withholding taxes paid from vested restricted stock traded for taxes of 17.3 million and payments made on financing lease obligations of 1.0 million. Net cash used in financing activities was 12.1 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2023, which included 3.8 million of principal payments on our 200 million Term Loan A and a 64.0 million payment (partially offset by a 54.0 million draw) on the new Revolving Credit Facility, payroll withholding taxes paid from vested restricted stock of 3.6 million and payments made on financing lease obligations of 1.2 million. These uses were partially offset by employee stock purchase plan receipts of 6.5 million. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 2022 Credit Facility 
 
 On February 18, 2022, the Company completed the refinancing of its then-outstanding 90 million revolving credit facility and 300 million Senior Secured Notes, with a new 5-year 200 million Revolving Credit Facility and 5-year 200 million Term Loan A. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of 3.3 million associated with the 2022 Credit Facility. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has made an aggregate of 12.5 million of principal payments on Term Loan A. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, with 200.0 million remaining in borrowing capacity, less approximately 8.0 million for outstanding letters of credit. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facility is governed by a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which establishes the 5-year senior secured credit facility which is comprised of the 200 million Revolving Credit Facility (which includes sub-facilities for the incurrence of up to 10.0 million of swingline loans and the issuance of up to 50.0 million of Letters of Credit) and the 200 million Term Loan A. The Credit Agreement contemplates uncommitted incremental credit facilities of up to 200 million (which amount would be reduced by the aggregate amount of any and all incremental credit facilities actually established under the Credit Agreement) plus additional uncommitted incremental capacity subject to a limitation based on the Company s pro forma total net leverage ratio (including any such additional uncommitted incremental capacity). 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan A may take the form of base rate loans or SOFR loans. Base rate loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time in effect plus the highest of (i) the Agent s (as defined in the Credit Agreement) prime lending rate, as in effect at such time, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), as in effect at such time, plus 0.50 , (iii) the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for a one-month tenor in effect on such day, plus 1.00 and (iv) 1.00 . SOFR loans will bear interest a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin from time to time in effect plus the Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement) selected by the Company of one, three or six months. The Applicable Margin varies between 1.25 and 2.25 per annum for SOFR loans and between 0.25 and 1.25 per annum for base rate loans, and is based on the Company s total net leverage ratio from time to time. 
 
 Mandatory amortization on the Term Loan A is 2.5 in each of the first and second years and 5.0 in each of the third, fourth and fifth years, with the remaining outstanding balance due at maturity. The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, which include, but are not limited to, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, restricted payments, asset sales, and investments, and places limits on various other payments. The Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 On April 28, 2023, the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract to hedge U.S. dollar-one month Term SOFR in order to fix the interest rate movements associated with the Company s Term Loan A. The initial hedge amount was 195.0 million and amortizes in accordance with Term Loan A. The swap is at a fixed rate one-month term SOFR of 3.721 and settles monthly on the last day of each calendar month. The swap has an effective date of May 1, 2023 and terminates on May 1, 2026. 
 
 32 

Other Liquidity Matters 
 
 We believe that our cash on hand, together with funds available under the Credit Agreement and cash expected to be generated from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated working capital and other cash needs for at least the next 12 months. As discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated in the past and may vary in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. If the conditions in our industry deteriorate or our customers cancel or postpone projects or if we are unable to sufficiently increase our revenues or further reduce our expenses, we may experience a significant long-term negative impact to our financial results and cash flows from operations. In such a situation, we could fall out of compliance with our financial and other covenants, which, if not waived, could limit our liquidity and capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Principles and Estimates 
 
 The foregoing discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based on the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies. We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 There have been no significant changes to our Critical Accounting Policies or Estimates as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Since December 31, 2023, there have been no material changes in the quantitative or qualitative aspects of our market risk profile. For additional information regarding our exposure to certain market risks, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that we filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Based on the foregoing, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 29, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 33 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 See Note 14 of the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements contained within this Quarterly Report for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 In evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. to Part I of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and other reports that we have filed with the SEC. Any of the risks discussed in such reports, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or prospects. During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes in our risk factors as previously disclosed. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) adopted, modified or terminated a " trading arrangement" or " trading arrangement" (as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date Exhibit Filed- Furnished Herewith 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2018, among Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., Kratos Public Safety Security Solutions, Inc. and Securitas Electronic Security, Inc. 
 10-Q 05/10/2018 (001-34460) 2.2 2.2 Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2019, by and among Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., Shirley Brostmeyer, SB ), Joseph Brostmeyer JB ), certain trusts established by SB, JB and members of their immediate family, and JB, as the Sellers Representative. 
 10-Q 05/08/2019 (001-34460) 2.3 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., as amended. 
 10-K 02/27/2017 (001-34460) 3.1 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kratos Defense Security Solutions, Inc., as amended. 
 8-K 
 05/24/2024 
 (001-34460) 
 3.1 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate. 
 10-K 02/27/2017 (001-34460) 4.1 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Eric M. DeMarco. 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Deanna Lund. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Certain confidential information contained in this Exhibit (indicated by asterisks) has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. By: /s/ ERIC M. DEMARCO Eric M. DeMarco Chief Executive Officer, President (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ DEANNA H. LUND 
 Deanna H. Lund Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ MARIA CERVANTES DE BURGREEN 
 Maria Cervantes de Burgreen Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ktos20240929ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eric M. DeMarco, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. s ERIC M. DEMARCO Eric M. DeMarco Chief Executive Officer, President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ktos20240929ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Deanna H. Lund, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. s DEANNA H. LUND Deanna H. Lund Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Acting Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ktos20240929ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 (the Report ), I, Eric M. DeMarco, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 s ERIC M. DEMARCO Eric M. DeMarco Chief Executive Officer, President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ktos20240929ex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 (the Report ), I, Deanna H. Lund, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 s DEANNA H. LUND Deanna H. Lund Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Acting Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ktos-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ktos-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ktos-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ktos-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ktos-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

