<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_908255_0000908255-24-000043.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14686658</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150508</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1964585</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6586637</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2852047</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2728096</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000908255-24-000043.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031125035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000908255-24-000043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BORGWARNER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000908255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133404508
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12162
		FILM NUMBER:		241414140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3850 HAMLIN RD.
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2487549200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3850 HAMLIN RD.
		CITY:			AUBURN HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BORG WARNER AUTOMOTIVE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000908255-24-000043.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 bwa-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bwa-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 ________________________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, the registrant had shares of voting common stock outstanding. 

BORGWARNER INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 58 
 PART II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 59 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 60 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 60 
 SIGNATURES 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q or report (including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) may constitute forward-looking statements as contemplated by the 1995 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act (the Act that are based on management's current outlook, expectations, estimates and projections. Words such as anticipates, believes, continues, could, designed, effect, estimates, evaluates, expects, forecasts, goal, guidance, initiative, intends, may, outlook, plans, potential, predicts, project, pursue, seek, should, target, when, will, would, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Further, all statements, other than statements of historical fact contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q, that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future regarding our financial position, business strategy and measures to implement that strategy, including changes to operations, competitive strengths, goals, expansion and growth of our business and operations, plans, references to future success and other such matters, are forward-looking statements. Accounting estimates, such as those described under the heading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Form 10-K ), are inherently forward-looking. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and the Company s actual results may differ materially from those expressed, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, among others, include supply disruptions impacting us or our customers, commodity availability and pricing, and an inability to achieve expected levels of recoverability in commercial negotiations with customers concerning these costs; competitive challenges from existing and new competitors, including original equipment manufacturer OEM customers; the challenges associated with rapidly changing technologies, particularly as they relate to electric vehicles, and our ability to innovate in response; the difficulty in forecasting demand for electric vehicles and our electric vehicles revenue growth; potential disruptions in the global economy caused by wars or other geopolitical conflicts; the ability to identify targets and consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions on a timely basis; the possibility that our 2023 tax-free spin-off of our former Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate publicly traded company will not achieve its intended benefits; the failure to promptly and effectively integrate acquired businesses; the potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses; our dependence on automotive and truck production, which is highly cyclical and subject to disruptions; our reliance on major OEM customers; impacts of any future strikes involving any of our OEM customers and any actions such OEM customers take in response; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; our dependence on information systems; the uncertainty of the global economic environment; the outcome of existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation with respect to various claims, or governmental investigations, including related litigation; future changes in laws and regulations, including, by way of example, taxes and tariffs, in the countries in which we operate; impacts from any potential future acquisition or disposition transactions; and the other risks noted in reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Item 1A, Risk Factors in our most recently-filed Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying the statements. 

Table of Contents 

 This section and the discussions contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in Item 7, subheading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, in our most recently-filed Form 10-K are intended to provide meaningful cautionary statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. This should not be construed as a complete list of all of the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that could adversely affect our expected consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may impair our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), this report includes non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information that is useful to investors in understanding the underlying performance and trends of the Company. Readers should be aware that non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and should be cautious with respect to the use of such measures. To compensate for these limitations, we use non-GAAP measures as comparative tools, together with GAAP measures, to assist in the evaluation of our operating performance or financial condition. We ensure that these measures are calculated using the appropriate GAAP components in their entirety and that they are computed in a manner intended to facilitate consistent period-to-period comparisons. Our method of calculating these non-GAAP measures may differ from methods used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for those financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the most directly comparable GAAP or regulatory financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found in this report. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Investments and long-term receivables Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement-related liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock held in treasury, at cost ) ) Total BorgWarner Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring expense Other operating expense (income), net ) ) Operating income Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) ) Unrealized and realized (gain) loss on equity and debt securities ) Interest expense (income), net ) Other postretirement expense Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest Provision for income taxes Net earnings from continuing operations Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Net earnings Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. Amounts attributable to BorgWarner Inc.: Net earnings from continuing operations Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. Earnings per share from continuing operations basic Loss per share from discontinued operations basic ) ) ) ) Earnings per share attributable to BorgWarner Inc. basic Earnings per share from continuing operations diluted Loss per share from discontinued operations diluted ) ) ) ) Earnings per share attributable to BorgWarner Inc. diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Hedge instruments 1 
 ) ) ) Postretirement defined benefit plans 1 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to BorgWarner Inc. ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 1 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 1 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 ____________________________________ 
 1 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations (see Note 23) 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays ) ) Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges, net (Payments for) proceeds from investments in equity and debt securities, net ) Proceeds from the sale of business, net Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Net increase in notes payable Additions to debt Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of debt, including current portion ) ) Payments for purchase of treasury stock ) Payments for stock-based compensation items ) ) Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired ) Payments for contingent consideration ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Net distribution from PHINIA Dividends paid to BorgWarner stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities from continuing operations ) CASH FLOWS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Operating activities of discontinued operations ) ) Investing activities of discontinued operations ) Financing activities of discontinued operations Net cash used in discontinued operations ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at end of period Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 BORGWARNER INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1 
 
 million increase in Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the correction of misstatements related to certain accruals, of which million related to 2023 (the remainder relates to periods prior to 2023). The Company has evaluated the effect of these out-of-period adjustments for the current reporting period, as well as on the previous interim and annual periods in which they should have been recognized, and concluded that these adjustments are not material to any of the periods affected. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2024. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date. For further information, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Effective July 1, 2024, the Company implemented a new business unit and management structure designed to further enhance the execution of the Company s Charging Forward strategy. The Company now reports its results in the following reportable segments: Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems. This new structure had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The reportable segment disclosures have been updated accordingly, which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. Refer to Note 11, Goodwill And Other Intangibles and Note 22, Reportable Segments, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 On July 3, 2023, BorgWarner completed the previously announced spin-off Spin-Off of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments in a transaction intended to qualify as tax free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of of the outstanding common stock of PHINIA, Inc. PHINIA to holders of record of common stock of the Company on a pro-rata basis. Each holder of record of common stock of the Company received one share of PHINIA common stock for every five shares of common stock of the Company held on June 23, 2023, the record date for the distribution Distribution Date ). In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, stockholders of the Company received cash. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The historical results of operations of PHINIA for periods prior to the Spin-Off are presented as discontinued operations in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 

NOTE 3 

6 

Table of Contents 

 million million) at closing and is obligated to remit up to million million) of earn-out payments that could be paid over the following closing. The earn-out payments are contingent upon booked business for future periods from new customer awards . The Company s estimate at closing indicated that the minimum threshold for the earn-out target would not be achieved; thus, no amount of the potential earn-out payments was included in the purchase consideration. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s estimate has not changed; thus, no amount is included in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The purchase price was allocated on a preliminary basis as of December 1, 2023. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at estimated fair values based on management s estimates, available information, and supportable assu mptions that management considered reasonable. Certain estimated values for the acquisition, including goodwill, tangible and intangible assets and deferred taxes, are not yet finalized, and the preliminary purchase price allocations are subject to change as the Compa ny completes its analysis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. The final valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be materially different than the estimated values shown below. 
 
 T he estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of December 1, 2023 were assets of million, including goodwill and intangibles of million, and liabilities of million. 
 
 Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million was recorded within the Company s PowerDrive Systems segment. Goodwill consists of the Company s expected future eco nomic benefits that will be realized from expanding the Company s electric vehicle portfolio as electric vehicle production continues to increas e. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes in Italy. 
 
 years Customer relationships years Total other intangible assets 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets were valued using the market approach. 
 
 Hubei Surpass Sun Electric Charging Business 
 
 On March 1, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of of the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses SSE of Hubei Surpass Sun Electric, pursuant to an Equity Transfer Agreement. The acquisition complements the Company s existing European and North American charging footprint by adding a presence in China. The total consideration was million million), including million million) of base purchase price and million million) of estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid million million) of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company paid million million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In accordance with ASC Topic 230, since the payments made in 2024 are not soon after the acquisition close date, they are recorded as a financing activity in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Of the remaining million million) of base purchase price, million million) is payable by December 31, 2024 and is recorded in Other current liabilities in the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million million) of base purchase price is payable before October 31, 2025 and is recorded in Other non-current liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Pursuant to the agreement, the Company s obligation to remit up to million million) of earn-out payments is contingent upon the achievement of certain revenue and pre-tax profit margin targets in 2023 and 2024 as well as the retention of key employees during the same time period. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid million million) of earnout related to the 2023 measurement period. The Company s current estimate of the earn-out payments related to the 2024 measurement period is approximately million million), which is recorded in Other current liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company finalized its valuation of the assets and liabilities of the SSE acquisition during the third quarter of 2023. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill of million was recorded within the Company s Air Management segment. Goodwill consists of the Company s expected future economic benefits that will be realized from expanding the Company s electric vehicle portfolio as electric vehicle production continues to increase. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes in China. 
 
 years Customer relationships years Total other intangible assets 
 
 The impact of the SSE acquisition on net sales and net earnings was immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Drivetek AG 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Drivetek AG Drivetek ), an engineering and product development company located in Switzerland. This acquisition strengthens the Company s power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters, which the Company expects will help to accelerate the growth of its High Voltage eFan business. The total consideration was million million), including million million) of base purchase price and million million) of estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid million million) of base purchase price at closing. The Company s obligation to remit up to million million) of earn-out payments, over the following closing, is contingent upon achievement of estimated future sales targets associated with newly awarded business and future turnover rate targets. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company revised its estimate of expected earn-out payments due to reductions in expected awarded business programs and increased headcount turnover. In accordance with ASC Topic 805, the million million) change in estimate was included in Other operating expense, net in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s estimate of the earn-out payments was approximately million million), which is recorded in Other non-current liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Rhombus Energy Solutions 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Rhombus Energy Solutions Rhombus ), a provider of charging solutions in the North American market, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement ). The acquisition complements the Company s existing 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million at closing. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is obligated to remit up to million of earn-out payments, payable in 2025, contingent upon achievement of certain sales dollars, sales volume, and gross margin targets. The Company s estimate at closing indicated that the minimum thresholds for these earn-out targets would not be achieved; thus, no amount of the potential earn-out payments was included in the purchase consideration. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s estimate has not changed; thus, no amount is included in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Additionally, pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is obligated to remit up to million over the following closing in key employee retention-related payments, which include certain performance targets. The amounts are being accounted for as post-combination expense. 
 
 Santroll Automotive Components 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of of Santroll Automotive Components Santroll ), a carve-out of Santroll Electric Auto s eMotor business, pursuant to the terms of an Equity Transfer Agreement ETA ). The acquisition is expected to strengthen the Company s vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle eMotors while allowing for increased speed to market. 
 
 The total final consideration was million, including approximately billion million) of base purchase price and billion million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid approximately billion million) of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2022 and no longer expects to recapture a previously anticipated million of post-closing adjustments, which was recorded in Other operating expense, net during the three months ended March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the ETA, the obligation of the Company to remit up to billion (approximately million) of earn-out payments was contingent upon achievement of certain sales volume targets and certain estimated future volume targets associated with newly awarded business. During the second quarter of 2023, the Company paid approximately billion million) to settle the remaining earn-out liability and related adjustments. 

NOTE 4 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for these arrangements. These amounts are reflected in Prepayments and other current assets in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In limited instances, certain customers have provided payments in advance of receiving related products, typically at the onset of an arrangement prior to the beginning of production. These contract liabilities are reflected as Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million and million at September 30, 2024 and million and million at December 31, 2023, respectively. These amounts are reflected as revenue over the term of the 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 to years) as the underlying products are shipped and represent the Company s remaining performance obligations as of the end of the period. 
 The Company continually seeks business development opportunities and, at times, provides customer incentives for new program awards. When the Company determines that the payments are incremental and incurred only if the new business is obtained and expects to recover these amounts from the customer over the term of the new business arrangement, the Company capitalizes these amounts. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded customer incentive payments of million and million, respectively, in Prepayments and other current assets, and million and million, respectively, in Other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company s products can be disaggregated by two types: eProducts and Foundational products. eProducts include all products utilized on or for electric vehicles EVs plus those same products and components that are included in hybrid powertrains whose underlying technologies are adaptable or applicable to those used in or for EVs. Foundational products include all products utilized on internal combustion engines plus those same products and components that are also included in hybrid powertrains. 
 eProducts Total 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Europe Asia Other Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Total North America Europe Asia Other Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Total North America Europe Asia Other Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Total North America Europe Asia Other Total 

NOTE 5 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Other Total restructuring expense Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Corporate Total Employee termination benefits Other Total restructuring expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Corporate Total Employee termination benefits Other Total restructuring expense Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Corporate Total Employee termination benefits Other Total restructuring expense 

12 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other Balance at September 30, 2024 Less: Non-current restructuring liability Current restructuring liability at September 30, 2024 (in millions) Employee Termination Benefits Other Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Restructuring expense, net Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Less: Non-current restructuring liability Current restructuring liability at September 30, 2023 
 2023 Structural Costs Plan In 2023, the Company announced a million to million restructuring plan to address structural costs primarily in its Foundational products businesses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring charges related to this plan. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs related to this plan. Cumulatively, the Company has incurred million of restructuring charges related to this plan. 
 
 2024 Structural Costs Plan In June 2024, the Company approved an approximately million restructuring plan to address the cost structure in its PowerDrive Systems segment due to increased market volatility, which could include realignment of the segment s manufacturing footprint. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring charges related to this plan. 
 
 The following provides details of restructuring expense incurred by the Company s reportable segments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to the plans discussed above: 
 
 Turbos Thermal Technologies 
 2023 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the segment recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to million of employee termination benefits and million of 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to million for a voluntary termination program during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Drivetrain Morse Systems 
 2023 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the segment recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to million of employee termination benefits for a facility in Europe. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the segment recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to employee termination benefits and equipment moves. 
 
 PowerDrive Systems 
 2023 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the segment recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to million of equipment relocation costs. 
 
 2024 Structural Costs Plan 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the segment recorded million and million, respectively, of restructuring costs under this plan. These costs primarily related to million of employee termination benefits and million of professional fees. 
 
 The Company estimates restructuring expense based on information available at the time such charges are recorded. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in estimating restructuring expenses, actual amounts paid for such activities may differ from amounts initially recorded. Accordingly, the Company may record revisions of previous estimates by adjusting previously established accruals. 
 The Company continues to evaluate different options across its operations to reduce existing structural costs over the next few years. The Company will recognize restructuring expense associated with any future actions at the time they are approved and become probable or are incurred. Any future actions could result in significant restructuring expense. 

NOTE 6 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Customer reimbursements ) ) ) ) Net R D expenditures 

NOTE 7 
 
 Adjustments associated with Spin-Off related balances Collective bargaining agreement ratification bonus Loss (gain) on sale of businesses ) Merger and acquisition expense, net ) Asset impairments and lease modifications Gain on sale of assets ) ) Other income, net ) ) ) ) Other operating expense (income), net ) ) 
 
 Commercial contract settlement: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of approximately million related to the settlement of a commercial contract assumed in its acquisition of the electric hybrid systems business segment of Eldor. 
 
 Adjustments associated with Spin-Off related balances: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded expense of million and million, respectively, primarily for adjustments to net amounts owed to the Company related to the tax matters agreement between the Company and PHINIA. 
 
 Collective bargaining agreement ratification bonus: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of expense for bonuses related to the ratification of a collective bargaining agreement at a facility in New York. 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of businesses: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a net loss on sales of businesses of million and million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a charge of million related to the estimated loss on an immaterial business that met held for sale accounting criteria. 
 
 Merger and acquisition expense, net: During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a gain related to merger and acquisition activity of million, primarily due to a million revision of its expected earn-out related to the Drivetek acquisition, offset by expense primarily related to professional fees associated with specific acquisition initiatives. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded merger and acquisition expense of million 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with specific acquisition initiatives. 
 
 Asset impairments and lease modifications: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded charges of million and million, primarily related to a service and lease agreement termination and impairment of certain property, plant and equipment at a facility in North America. 
 
 Gain on sale of assets: During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a million gain related to the sale of a European manufacturing facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a million gain, primarily related to the sale of the European manufacturing facility and other fixed assets. 

NOTE 8 
 
 and , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest for matters where the statute of limitations lapsed, a discrete tax expense of million related to net changes to valuation allowances, a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to post Spin-Off restructuring and a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years, a discrete tax benefit of approximately million in relation to the Spin-Off and a discrete tax expense of approximately million for changes in judgment related to the realization of deferred tax assets, primarily due to the impact of the Spin-Off on the allocation of the Company s profits across jurisdictions for tax purposes as well as various tax structuring actions and strategies. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to reductions in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest for matters where the statute of limitations lapsed, a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to post Spin-Off restructuring and a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately million in relation to the Spin-Off, a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years, a discrete tax benefit of approximately million related to the resolution of tax audits, a discrete tax expense of approximately million for the impact of enacted tax law changes and a discrete tax expense of approximately million for changes in judgment related to the realization of deferred tax assets, primarily due to the impact of the Spin-Off on the allocation of the Company s profits across jurisdictions for tax purposes as well as various tax structuring actions and strategies. 

16 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9 
 
 Work in progress Finished goods FIFO inventories LIFO reserve ) ) Inventories, net 

NOTE 10 
 
 Prepaid taxes Customer incentive payments (Note 4) Contract assets (Note 4) Derivative instruments Other Total prepayments and other current assets Investments and long-term receivables: Investment in equity affiliates Investment in equity securities Long-term receivables Total investments and long-term receivables Other non-current assets: Deferred income taxes Operating leases Customer incentive payments (Note 4) Derivative instruments Other Total other non-current assets 

17 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 
 
 , resulting in no impairment. 
 
 The fair value of the PowerDrive Systems reporting unit s goodwill is sensitive to differences between estimated and actual cash flows, including changes in the projected revenue, projected operating margin and discount rate used to evaluate the fair value of these assets and market multiples assumptions applied by the Company. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates from those used in valuations and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. An increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the Company s financial statements in any given year. 
 
 As further described in Note 22, Reportable Segments, as a result of the previously disclosed reportable segment realignment, the Company disaggregated certain entities within one of the Company s historical goodwill reporting units across reporting units: Drivetrain Morse Systems and Battery Charging Systems. As a result of this change, the Company allocated goodwill to these reporting units on a relative fair value basis. The Company estimated the fair values of the businesses to be split from the historical reporting unit based upon the present value of their anticipated future cash flows. The Company s determination of fair value involved judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions. In conjunction with the goodwill allocation, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment of the historical reporting units goodwill immediately before and after the segment realignment. The quantitative analyses did not result in any impairment charges as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. The disclosures below have been updated accordingly, which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 Other than as described above, the Company noted no events or circumstances related to any of the Company s reporting units in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that required additional assessment or testing. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated impairment losses, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net goodwill balance, December 31, 2023 Goodwill during the period: Other, primarily translation adjustment Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 - 
 Customer relationships - 
 Miscellaneous - 
 Total amortized intangible assets Unamortized trade names Total other intangible assets 

NOTE 12 
 
 . Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements, as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. The Company actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. The Company believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to the accrual. The product warranty accrual is allocated to current and non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Provisions for current period sales Adjustments of prior estimates Payments ) ) Other, primarily translation adjustment ) Ending balance, September 30 
 
 The product warranty liability is classified in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Other non-current liabilities Total product warranty liability 

NOTE 13 
 
 Long-term debt Senior notes due 03/15/25 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 10/01/25 million par value) 1 
 Senior notes due 07/01/27 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 02/15/29 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 08/15/29 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 05/19/31 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 08/15/34 million par value) 
 Senior notes due 03/15/45 million par value) 
 Term loan facilities, finance leases and other Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 _____________________________ 
 1 These notes include the fair value step up of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to the Delphi Technologies acquisition in 2020. The fair value step up was calculated based on observable market data and is amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining life of the instrument using the effective interest method. 
 
 On August 16, 2024, the Company issued million of senior notes due August 2029 and million of senior notes due August 2034, primarily to retire the Company s outstanding senior notes due in 2025. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. These senior notes are not guaranteed by any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 On August 7, 2024, the Company announced that it had commenced tender offers to purchase for cash certain of the Company s outstanding debt, specifically the senior notes due in March 2025 (the March 2025 Senior Notes and the senior notes due in October 2025 (the October 2025 Senior Notes ). Pursuant to the Company s tender offers, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid million of the March 2025 Senior Notes and million of the October 2025 Senior Notes, this resulted in a gain on debt extinguishment of million, which is reflected in Interest expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. On October 17, 2024, the Company announced that the remaining outstanding balance of the October 2025 Senior Notes will be redeemed in full on November 1, 2024, in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The remaining outstanding balance of the March 2025 Senior Notes will be purchased or settled by maturity. 
 
 In September 2023, the Company purchased and extinguished million of senior notes due in 2025, comprised of million and million face value of its March 2025 Senior Notes and October 2025 Senior Notes, respectively. Total cash consideration paid was million. The Company recorded a gain of approximately million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, consisting of an 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million gain related to a cash settlement below the face value of the 2025 notes and million related to the write-off of the unamortized premium and discount that was recorded at the time of note issuance. The gain was recorded to Interest expense, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 The Company may utilize uncommitted lines of credit for short-term working capital requirements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in borrowings under these facilities, which are classified in Short-term debt in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The short-term borrowings primarily relate to a European money market loan with an interest rate of Euribor plus that is callable upon immediate notice by either party. 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment ) ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense (income), net ) 
 
 The Company has a billion multi-currency revolving credit facility that allows the Company to increase the facility by billion with bank group approval. This facility matures in September 2028. The credit agreement contains customary events of default and one key financial covenant which is a debt-to-EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenant at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings under this facility. 
 
 The Company s commercial paper program allows the Company to issue up to billion of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under the limits of its multi-currency revolving credit facility. Under this program, the Company may issue notes from time to time and use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Company had outstanding borrowings under this program as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The total current combined borrowing capacity under the multi-currency revolving credit facility and commercial paper program cannot exceed billion. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimated fair values of the Company s senior unsecured notes totaled million and million, respectively. The estimated fair values were million lower than their carrying value at September 30, 2024 and million lower than their carrying value at December 31, 2023. Fair market values of the senior unsecured notes are developed using observable values for similar debt instruments, which are considered Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820. The carrying values of the Company's multi-currency revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and other debt facilities approximate fair value. The fair value estimates do not necessarily reflect the values the Company could realize in the current markets. 
 
 The Company had outstanding letters of credit of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The letters of credit typically act as guarantees of payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 
 Customer related Indirect taxes Product warranties (Note 12) Income taxes payable Employee termination benefits (Note 5) Operating leases Interest Accrued freight Dividends payable to noncontrolling stockholders 
 Supplier related Insurance Contract liabilities (Note 4) Other non-income taxes Retirement related Deferred engineering Other Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities: Deferred income taxes Product warranties (Note 12) Other income tax liabilities Operating leases Deferred income Employee termination benefits (Note 5) Earn-out liability (Note 3) Other Total other non-current liabilities 

NOTE 15 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A Liabilities: Non-current earn-out liability C Net investment hedge contracts A Foreign currency contracts A 
 Basis of fair value measurements (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2023 Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Valuation technique Assets measured at NAV 1 
 Assets: Current earn-out receivable C Investment in equity securities Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A Liabilities: Current earn-out liability C Non-current earn-out liability C Foreign currency contracts A Net investment hedge contracts A 
 _____________________________ 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Contingent earn-out recognized upon acquisition or disposition Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Earn-out settlements ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding earn-outs. 

NOTE 16 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Sep - 26 Chinese Renminbi U.S. Dollar Sep - 26 Euro British Pound Aug - 24 Euro Hungarian Forint Sep - 26 Euro Swiss Franc Sep - 26 Euro Polish Zloty Sep - 26 Euro U.S. Dollar Sep - 26 Thai Baht U.S. Dollar Sep - 25 U.S. Dollar Chinese Renminbi Aug - 25 U.S. Dollar Korean Won Nov - 25 U.S. Dollar Mexican Peso Sep - 26 U.S. Dollar Thai Baht Jun - 24 Table above excludes non-significant traded currency pairings with total notional amounts less than million U.S. Dollar equivalent as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Net Investment Hedges 
 
 In addition, the Company is also exposed to the risk that adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates could impact its net investment in non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company selectively uses cross-currency swaps to hedge that foreign currency exposure. 
 Jul - 27 Fixed paying notional Jul - 27 U.S. Dollar to Euro: Fixed receiving notional Mar - 25 Fixed paying notional Mar - 25 Fixed receiving notional Mar - 29 Fixed paying notional Mar - 29 U.S. Dollar to Japanese yen: Fixed receiving notional Feb - 29 Fixed paying notional Feb - 29 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million cross-currency swap contract originally maturing in March 2025, resulting in cash proceeds of million, which is expected to remain in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the net investment is sold, completely liquidated or substantially liquidated. Concurrently, the Company executed a million cross-currency swap contract maturing in March 2029. 
 
 In addition, the Company has designated the million Senior Notes due May 19, 2031, as a net investment hedge of the foreign currency exposure of its investments in certain Euro-denominated subsidiaries. Refer to Note 13, Debt, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness for net investment hedges at the inception of the hedging relationship and quarterly, thereafter. Gains and losses arising from these contracts that are included in the assessment of effectiveness are deferred into foreign currency translation adjustments and only released when the subsidiary being hedged is sold or substantially liquidated. The initial value of any component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in income using a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. Any difference between the change in fair value of the excluded component and amounts recognized in income under that systematic and rational method is recognized in AOCI. 
 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments in the Balance Sheet 
 
 Other current liabilities Foreign currency Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities Net investment hedges Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency Prepayments and other current assets Other current liabilities 
 
 Effect of Derivatives on the Statements of Operations and Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency-denominated debt Total 
 
 Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency: Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Other comprehensive income (loss) Total amounts of earnings and other comprehensive income (loss) line items in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency: Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Other comprehensive income (loss) Total amounts of earnings and other comprehensive income (loss) line items in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency: Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign currency: Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income 
 The gains or losses recorded in income related to components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 
 Cross-currency swaps ) Foreign currency-denominated debt ) ) 

There were no gains or losses recorded in income related to components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges. There were no gains and losses reclassified from AOCI for net investment hedges during the periods presented. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges 
 
 ) 

28 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17 
 
 million to million, of which million has been contributed through the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The other postemployment benefit plans, which provide medical and life insurance benefits, are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized prior service credit ) ) Amortization of unrecognized loss Net periodic benefit cost ) 
 Pension benefits Other postemployment benefits (in millions) 2024 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, US Non-US US Non-US 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized loss Net periodic benefit cost ) 
 The components of net periodic benefit expense other than the service cost component are included in Other postretirement expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18 
 
 ) ) Dividends declared per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance for executive stock plan, net of tax Issuance of restricted stock, net of tax Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Spin-Off of PHINIA Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. stockholders' equity (in millions) Issued common stock Capital in excess of par value Treasury stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Total Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Dividends declared per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance for executive stock plan, net of tax Issuance of restricted stock, net of tax ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Spin-Off of PHINIA ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. stockholders' equity (in millions) Issued common stock Capital in excess of par value Treasury stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Total Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Dividends declared per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance for executive stock plan, net of tax ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of tax ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Spin-Off of PHINIA Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

) ) Dividends declared per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance for executive stock plan, net of tax Issuance of restricted stock, net of tax ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Spin-Off of PHINIA ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 __________________________________ 
 Per share dividends amount declared relate to BorgWarner common stock. 

NOTE 19 ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) reclassified into net earnings ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (in millions) Foreign currency translation adjustments Hedge instruments Defined benefit retirement plans Total Beginning balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Income taxes associated with comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) reclassified into net earnings ) ) Spin-Off of PHINIA ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) reclassified into net earnings ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (in millions) Foreign currency translation adjustments Hedge instruments Defined benefit retirement plans Total Beginning balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Income taxes associated with comprehensive income (loss) reclassified into net earnings ) ) Spin-Off of PHINIA ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

NOTE 20 
 
 million of value added tax VAT refunds that PHINIA has received or expects to receive from governmental agencies as well as damages and interest, which PHINIA has refused to pay to the Company. These refunds consist of VAT paid by the Company in periods prior to or directly related to the Spin-Off through which the Company established PHINIA as an independent company. Prior to the initiation of the lawsuit, PHINIA had paid certain VAT refund amounts to the Company. The Company asserts PHINIA s obligation to pay the Company these VAT refunds and related amounts is plainly set forth in a binding tax matters agreement between the Company and PHINIA, which the parties agreed to prior to the Spin-Off. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an asset related to these VAT refunds of approximately million, which is included in Receivables, net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

such sites as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a Superfund site is typically shared among PRPs based on an allocation formula. 
 
 The Company believes that none of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Generally, this is because either the estimates of the maximum potential liability at a site are not material or the liability will be shared with other PRPs, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such matter. 
 
 The Company had an accrual for environmental liabilities of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, included in Other current and Other non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024, this accrual, which relates to of the sites, is based on information available to the Company (which, in most cases, includes an estimate of allocation of liability among PRPs; the probability that other PRPs, many of which are large, solvent public companies, will fully pay the cost apportioned to them; currently available information from PRPs and/or federal or local environmental agencies concerning the scope of contamination and estimated remediation and consulting costs; and remediation alternatives). Clean-up and other remedial activities are complete or nearing completion at the other sites, for which there was no accrual as of September 30, 2024. 

NOTE 21 
 
 million and million performance share units excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were million and million performance share units excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These units were excluded because the related performance criteria had not been met as of the balance sheet dates. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share: Net earnings from continuing operations Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of stock-based compensation Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding including dilutive shares Diluted earnings per share of common stock 

NOTE 22 
 
 reportable segments, consistent with the way operating results are evaluated by management. The segments are further described below. These segments are strategic business groups that are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. In prior quarters, the Company presented its results under reportable segments: Air Management, Drivetrain Battery Systems and ePropulsion. 
 
 Effective July 1, 2024, the Company implemented a new business unit and management structure designed to further enhance the execution of the Company s Charging Forward strategy. The Company now reports its results in the following reportable segments: Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems. 
 
 The reportable segment disclosures have been updated accordingly, which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 Turbos Thermal Technologies. This segment s products include turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters and battery heaters. 
 Drivetrain Morse Systems. This segment s products include control modules, friction and mechanical clutch products for automatic transmissions, torque-management products and rear-wheel drive RWD and all-wheel drive AWD transfer case systems and coupling systems. Additionally, the Drivetrain Morse Systems products include chain systems and variable camshaft phasing products. 
 PowerDrive Systems (formerly ePropulsion). This segment s products include power electronics such as inverters, onboard chargers, DC/DC converters and combination boxes, rotating electric machines, fully integrated drive modules (consisting of inverter, eMotor and gear reducer), and electronic controls. 
 Battery Charging Systems. This segment s products include high-performance lithium-ion battery systems for electrified bus-, truck- and off-highway applications and DC (direct current) fast chargers suitable for all types of electric vehicles. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Inter-segment eliminations ) ) ) ) Net sales 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Customers Inter-segment Net Customers Inter-segment Net Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Inter-segment eliminations ) ) ) ) Net sales 
 
 Total Assets by Reportable Segment (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Turbos Thermal Technologies Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems Battery Charging Systems Total Corporate Consolidated 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Drivetrain Morse Systems PowerDrive Systems ) ) ) ) Battery Charging Systems ) ) ) ) Segment Adjusted Operating Income Corporate, including stock-based compensation Restructuring expense (Note 5) Intangible asset amortization expense Accelerated depreciation Commercial contract settlement Adjustments associated with Spin-Off related balances Collective bargaining agreement ratification bonus Loss (gain) on sale of businesses ) Asset impairment and lease modification Merger and acquisition expense, net ) Gain on sale of assets ) ) Other non-comparable items Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) ) ) ) Unrealized and realized (gain) loss on equity and debt securities ) Interest expense (income), net ) Other postretirement expense Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 

36 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 23 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) Net earnings from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation and tooling amortization Intangible asset amortization Restructuring expense, net of cash paid Stock-based compensation expense Gain on debt extinguishment ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of businesses ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Unrealized and realized loss on equity and debt securities Other non-cash adjustments ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Retirement plan contributions ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation adjustments: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Prepaid taxes and income taxes payable ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds Balance as of: Non-cash investing transactions: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Period end accounts payable related to property, plant and equipment purchases 

37 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 24 
 
 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring expense Other operating expense, net Operating (loss) income ) ) ) Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax ) (Loss) earnings from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to PHINIA ) ) ) ) 
 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, the Company entered into a transition services agreement through which the Company and PHINIA provided certain services to each other following the Spin-Off. These services were related to information technology, human resources, finance, facilities, procurement, sales, intellectual property and engineering. The Company completed the performance under the transition services agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The combined impact of these services is reported in results of continuing operations in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company provided services at a cost of million to PHINIA and PHINIA provided services at a cost of million to the Company. 
 
 The Company incurred million and million of costs relating to the Spin-Off during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company incurred million and million of costs relating to the Spin-Off during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These costs are reflected within Net loss from discontinued operations in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Spin-Off costs are primarily comprised of professional fees and costs to separate certain operational activities, including costs to separate information technology systems which the Company expects to decrease and ultimately conclude by the end of 2024. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 25 
 
 million. The Company s insurance policies (less applicable deductibles) are expected to cover the repair or replacement of the Company s assets that incurred loss or damage. In addition, the Company s insurance policies are expected to provide coverage for interruption to its business, including lost profits, and reimbursement for other expenses and costs that have been incurred relating to the damages and losses sustained. The Arden plant resumed limited production in early October 2024; however, has not yet resumed full operations. The Company has not yet determined the full impact to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows, including the timing of those impacts. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 BorgWarner Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries (the Company or BorgWarner is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. BorgWarner s products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. The Company manufactures and sells these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers OEMs of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles SUVs ), vans and light trucks). The Company s products are also sold to other OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a 19 million increase in Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the correction of misstatements related to certain accruals, of which 12 million related to 2023 (the remainder relates to periods prior to 2023). The Company has evaluated the effect of these out-of-period adjustments for the current reporting period, as well as on the previous interim and annual periods in which they should have been recognized, and concluded that these adjustments are not material to any of the periods affected. 
 
 Charging Forward - Electrification Portfolio Strategy 
 
 In 2021, the Company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its eProducts over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. eProducts include all products utilized on or for electric vehicles EVs plus those same products and components that are included in hybrid powertrains whose underlying technologies are adaptable or applicable to those used in or for EVs. The Company believes it is well positioned for the industry s anticipated migration to EVs. 
 
 In June 2023, the Company announced the next phase of its Charging Forward strategy, which focuses on profitably growing eProducts while maximizing the value of the Company s Foundational products portfolio. Foundational products include all products utilized on internal combustion engines plus those same products and components that are also included in hybrid powertrains. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s eProducts revenue was approximately 1,721 million and 1,494 million, respectively, or 16 and 14 of its total revenue, respectively. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 On July 3, 2023, BorgWarner completed the previously announced spin-off Spin-Off of its Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments in a transaction intended to qualify as tax free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of 100 of the outstanding common stock of PHINIA, Inc. PHINIA to holders of record of common stock of the Company on a pro-rata basis. Each holder of record of common stock of the Company received one share of PHINIA common stock for every five shares of common stock of the Company held on June 23, 2023, the record date for the distribution. In lieu of fractional shares of PHINIA, stockholders of the Company received cash. PHINIA is an independent public company trading under the symbol PHIN on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The historical results of operations of PHINIA for periods prior to the Spin-Off are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Lawsuit Against PHINIA 
 
 On September 19, 2024, the Company commenced a lawsuit against PHINIA, seeking to recover from PHINIA approximately 120 million of value added tax VAT refunds that PHINIA has received or expects to receive from governmental agencies as well as damages and interest, which PHINIA has refused to pay to the Company. These refunds consist of VAT paid by the Company in periods prior to or directly related to the Spin-Off through which the Company established PHINIA as an independent company. Prior to the initiation of the lawsuit, PHINIA had paid certain VAT refund amounts to the Company. The Company asserts PHINIA s obligation to pay the Company these VAT refunds and related amounts is plainly set forth in a binding tax matters agreement between the Company and PHINIA, which the parties agreed to prior to the Spin-Off. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an asset related to these VAT refunds of approximately 120 million, which is included in Receivables, net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Because the Company was unable to predict the timing of collection of these VAT refunds from the applicable governmental agencies, the Company has not included these amounts in its 2024 free cash flow guidance. 
 
 North Carolina Facility Hurricane 
 
 On September 26, 2024, a hurricane made landfall in North Carolina disrupting operations at the Company s facility in Arden, North Carolina (the Arden Plant ). The Arden Plant was largely untouched, but the Company believes there is some loss or damage to the Company s assets. While the Company is still assessing the full impact of the damage, the Company expects the loss of assets to be less than 10 million. The Company s insurance policies (less applicable deductibles) are expected to cover the repair or replacement of the Company s assets that incurred loss or damage. In addition, the Company s insurance policies are expected to provide coverage for interruption to its business, including lost profits, and reimbursement for other expenses and costs that have been incurred relating to the damages and losses sustained. The Arden plant resumed limited production in early October 2024; however, has not yet resumed full operations. The Company has not yet determined the full impact to its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, including the timing of those impacts. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Eldor Corporation s Electric Hybrid Systems Business 
 
 On December 1, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of the electric hybrid systems business segment of Eldor Corporation Eldor ), which is headquartered in Italy. The Company expects the acquisition to complement its existing PowerDrive Systems product portfolio by enhancing the Company s engineering capabilities in power electronics. The Company pa id 72 million 78 million) at closing and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 is obligated to remit up to 175 million 191 million) of earn-out payments that could be paid over the two years following closing. 
 
 Hubei Surpass Sun Electric Charging Business 
 
 On March 1, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of Hubei Surpass Sun Electric, pursuant to an Equity Transfer Agreement. The acquisition is expected to complement the Company s existing European and North American charging footprint by adding a presence in China. The total consideration was 288 million 42 million), including 268 million 39 million) of base purchase price and 20 million 3 million) of estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid 217 million 31 million) of the base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company paid 25 million 4 million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining 26 million 4 million) of base purchase price is payable in two installments with the last payment due before October 31, 2025. In addition, pursuant to the agreement, the Company could be obligated to remit up to 103 million 15 million), in the form of contingent payments over approximately two years following the closing. 
 
 Drivetek AG 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company acquired Drivetek AG, an engineering and product development company located in Switzerland. This acquisition is expected to strengthen the Company s power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters to accelerate the growth of the High Voltage eFan business. The Company paid 27 million 29 million) of base purchase price at closing, and up to 10 million 10 million) could be paid in the form of contingent earn-out payments over three years following the closing. 
 
 Rhombus Energy Solutions 
 
 On July 29, 2022, the Company acquired Rhombus Energy Solutions, a provider of charging solutions in the North American market. The acquisition is expected to complement the Company s existing European charging footprint to accelerate organic growth and adds North American regional presence to its charging business. The Company paid 131 million at closing, and up to 30 million could be paid in the form of contingent earn-out payments over three years following the closing. The Company s current estimates indicate that the minimum thresholds for these earn-out targets will not be achieved; thus, no amount for the earn-out payments has been included in the purchase consideration. 
 
 Santroll Automotive Components 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company acquired Santroll Automotive Components, a carve-out of Santroll Electric Auto s eMotor business. The acquisition is expected to strengthen the Company s vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle eMotors while allowing for increased speed to market. The total final consideration was 192 million, including approximately 1.0 billion 152 million) of base purchase price and 0.25 billion 40 million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. The Company paid approximately 1.0 billion 157 million) of base purchase price in the year ended December 31, 2022 and no longer expects to recapture a previously anticipated 5 million of post-closing adjustments, which was recorded in Other operating expense, net during the three months ended March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement for the acquisition, the obligation of the Company to remit up to 0.3 billion (approximately 47 million) of earn-out payments was contingent upon achievement of certain sales volume targets and certain estimated future volume targets associated with newly awarded business. During the second quarter of 2023, the Company paid approximately 0.2 billion 24 million) to settle the remaining earn-out liability and related adjustments. 
 
 Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report for more information. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Key Trends and Economic Factors 
 
 Economic Conditions. The Company s financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. Automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors, including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on our sales. The weighted average market production, as estimated by the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was down approximately 2 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Weighted average market production reflects light and commercial vehicle production as reported by S P Global, weighted for the Company s geographic exposure, as estimated by the Company. 
 
 Commodities and Other Inflationary Impacts. Prices for commodities have started showing a lower level of volatility in comparison to what the Company had experienced from the beginning of 2021. At the same time, many economies, including the United States, are still experiencing elevated levels of inflation, which continues to put pressure on other input costs (e.g. labor, energy, other materials). These pressures have softened in 2024, and as a result, the Company expects a trend of slight decreasing or flat costs. 

Outlook 
 
 The Company expects global market production to decrease year-over-year in 2024. However, the Company expects net new business-related sales growth, due to the increased penetration of BorgWarner products, including eProducts, to allow the Company s year-over-year change in net sales to outperform the market production decline. As a result, the Company expects net sales to be flat to modestly decline in 2024, excluding the impact of foreign currencies. The Company expects its full year earnings to improve year over year driven by BorgWarner s technology-focused portfolio and strong cost controls. 
 
 The Company maintains a positive long-term outlook for its global business and is committed to new product development and strategic investments to enhance its product leadership strategy. There are several trends that are driving the Company s long-term growth that management expects to continue, including adoption of product offerings for electrified vehicles and increasingly stringent global emissions standards that the Company believes support demand for the Company s products that drive vehicle efficiency. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our operating results: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 Net sales of net sales of net sales Turbos Thermal Technologies 1,386 40.2 1,474 40.7 Drivetrain Morse Systems 1,365 39.6 1,449 40.0 PowerDrive Systems 512 14.8 571 15.8 Battery Charging Systems 197 5.7 146 4.0 Inter-segment eliminations (11) (0.3) (18) (0.5) Total net sales 3,449 100.0 3,622 100.0 Cost of sales 2,813 81.6 2,970 82.0 Gross profit 636 18.4 652 18.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses - R D, net 190 5.5 192 5.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses - Other 150 4.3 138 3.8 Restructuring expense 21 0.6 56 1.5 Other operating expense (income), net 5 0.1 (6) (0.2) Operating income 270 7.8 272 7.5 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (6) (0.2) (10) (0.3) Unrealized (gain) loss on equity and debt securities (2) (0.1) 60 1.7 Interest expense (income), net 4 0.1 (19) (0.5) Other postretirement expense 4 0.1 3 0.1 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 270 7.8 238 6.6 Provision for income taxes 13 0.4 133 3.7 Net earnings from continuing operations 257 7.5 105 2.9 Net loss from discontinued operations (8) (0.2) (37) (1.0) Net earnings 249 7.2 68 1.9 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 15 0.4 18 0.5 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 234 6.8 50 1.4 Earnings per share from continuing operations diluted 1.08 0.37 
 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 3,449 million, a decrease of 173 million, or 5 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Lower volume, mix and net new business decreased sales approximately 147 million. This decrease was primarily driven by a decline in market production. The weighted average market production as estimated by the Company was down approximately 6 from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Weighted average market production reflects light and commercial vehicle production as reported by S P Global, weighted for the Company s geographic exposure, as estimated by the Company. 
 A reduction of 39 million related to the Company s normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions contributed 9 million in additional sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in sales of approximately 4 million primarily due to the strengthening of the Euro, Chinese Renminbi, and weakening of the Korean Won and Brazilian Real, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 2,813 million and 81.6 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,970 million and 82.0 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Lower sales volume, mix and net new business and purchasing savings decreased cost of sales by approximately 135 million. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in cost of sales of approximately 4 million primarily due to the strengthening of the Euro, Chinese Renminbi, and weakening of the Korean Won and Brazilian Real, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 636 million and 18.4 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 652 million and 18.0 , respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A 
 SG A for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 340 million as compared to 330 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 9.9 and 9.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in SG A was primarily attributable to: 
 
 Increased employee-related and other administrative costs of 11 million, primarily related to incentive compensation. 
 Research and Development R D costs decreased by 2 million. R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 5.5 of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Restructuring expense was 21 million and 56 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits. Refer to Note 5, Restructuring, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report for more information. 
 
 In 2023, the Company announced a 130 million to 150 million restructuring plan to address structural costs primarily in its Foundational products businesses. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 18 million and 56 million, respectively, of restructuring costs related to this plan. The resulting gross savings related to this plan are expected to be in the range of at least 80 million to 90 million annually by 2027 and are being utilized to sustain overall operating margin profile and cost competitiveness. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company announced a 75 million restructuring plan to address the cost structure in its PowerDrive Systems segment due to increased market volatility, which could include realignment of the segment s manufacturing footprint. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 3 million of restructuring charges related to this plan. The resulting annual cost savings related to this plan are expected to be approximately 100 million by 2026. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Nearly all of the restructuring charges are expected to be cash expenditures, funded by cash on hand. 
 
 Other operating expense (income), net was expense of 5 million and income of 6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in Other operating expense (income), net was primarily due to: 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a charge of 6 million related to the estimated loss on an immaterial business that met held for sale accounting criteria. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 4 million of expense for bonuses related to the ratification of a collective bargaining agreement at a facility in New York. 
 A gain related to merger and acquisition activity of 5 million, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 6 million revision of the Company s expected earn-out related to the Drivetek acquisition. 
 A gain of 7 million, during the three months ended September 30, 2023, related to the sale of a European manufacturing facility. 
 
 Other operating expense (income), net is primarily comprised of items included within the subtitle Non-comparable items impacting the Company s earnings per diluted share and net earnings below. 
 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 6 million and 10 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Unrealized (gain) loss on equity and debt securities was a gain of 2 million and a loss of 60 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This line item reflects the net unrealized gains or losses recognized due to valuing the Company s investments at fair value. For the three months ended June 30, 2023, this primarily related to losses recognized to adjust the Company s investment in Wolfspeed Inc. Wolfspeed convertible debt securities to fair value. The Company sold its Wolfspeed convertible debt securities during the third and fourth quarters of 2023. 
 
 Interest expense (income), net was an expense of 4 million and income of 19 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included in net interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was a gain on extinguishment of 3 million and 28 million, respectively. The gains on debt extinguishment are primarily due to the partial extinguishment of the Company s 3.375 and 5.000 senior notes during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 13 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in an effective rate of 5 . This compared to a provision of 133 million, or an effective rate of 56 , for the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately 18 million related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest for matters where the statute of limitations lapsed, a discrete tax expense of 4 million related to net changes to valuation allowances, a discrete tax benefit of approximately 36 million related to post Spin-Off restructuring and a discrete tax benefit of approximately 1 million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately 31 million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years, a discrete tax benefit of approximately 12 million in relation to the Spin-Off and a discrete tax expense of approximately 87 million for changes in judgment related to the realization of deferred tax assets, primarily due to the impact of the Spin-Off on the allocation of the Company s profits across jurisdictions for tax purposes as well as various tax structuring actions and strategies. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our operating results: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 Net sales of net sales of net sales Turbos Thermal Technologies 4,475 42.0 4,570 42.8 Drivetrain Morse Systems 4,226 39.7 4,146 38.8 PowerDrive Systems 1,412 13.3 1,624 15.2 Battery Charging Systems 567 5.3 395 3.7 Inter-segment eliminations (33) (0.3) (59) (0.6) Total net sales 10,647 100.0 10,676 100.0 Cost of sales 8,682 81.5 8,767 82.1 Gross profit 1,965 18.5 1,909 17.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses - R D, net 566 5.3 541 5.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses - Other 444 4.2 422 4.0 Restructuring expense 65 0.6 68 0.6 Other operating expense (income), net 28 0.3 (1) Operating income 862 8.1 879 8.2 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax (23) (0.2) (23) (0.2) Unrealized and realized loss on equity and debt securities 129 1.2 Interest expense, net 17 0.2 3 Other postretirement expense 10 0.1 8 0.1 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 858 8.1 762 7.1 Provision for income taxes 44 0.4 230 2.2 Net earnings from continuing operations 814 7.6 532 5.0 Net loss from discontinued operations (27) (0.3) (12) (0.1) Net earnings 787 7.4 520 4.9 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 44 0.4 49 0.5 Net earnings attributable to BorgWarner Inc. 743 7.0 471 4.4 Earnings per share from continuing operations diluted 3.40 2.06 
 
 Net sales 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 10,647 million, a decrease of 29 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Favorable volume, mix and net new business increased sales approximately 134 million. This increase was primarily driven by growth despite flat market production, which the Company believes reflects higher demand for its products. The weighted average market production as estimated by the Company, was down approximately 2 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Weighted average market production reflects light and commercial vehicle production as reported by S P Global, weighted for the Company s geographic exposure, as estimated by the Company. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions contributed 26 million in additional sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 A reduction of 99 million related to the Company s normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately 90 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Cost of sales and gross profit 
 Cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were 8,682 million and 81.5 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8,767 million and 82.1 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the following: 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in cost of sales of approximately 67 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Lower sales volume, mix and net new business and purchasing savings decreased cost of sales by approximately 12 million. 
 
 Gross profit and gross margin were 1,965 million and 18.5 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,909 million and 17.9 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A 
 SG A for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,010 million as compared to 963 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 9.5 and 9.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in SG A was primarily attributable to: 
 
 Research and Development R D costs that increased 25 million. R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 5.3 of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.1 of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in R D costs, net of customer reimbursements, was primarily due to increasing net investment related to the Company s eProduct portfolio. 
 Increased employee-related costs of 23 million, primarily related to incentive compensation. 
 
 Restructuring expense was 65 million and 68 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits. Refer to Note 5, Restructuring, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report for more information. 
 
 In 2023, the Company announced a 130 million to 150 million restructuring plan to address structural costs primarily in its Foundational products businesses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 52 million and 68 million, respectively, of restructuring costs related to this plan. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company announced a 75 million restructuring plan to address the cost structure in its PowerDrive Systems segment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 13 million of restructuring charges related to this plan. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Other operating expense (income), net was an expense of 28 million and income of 1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in Other operating expense (income), net was primarily due to: 
 
 A loss of approximately 15 million related to the settlement of a commercial contract assumed in its acquisition of the electric hybrid systems business segment of Eldor during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Expense of approximately 14 million primarily for Spin-Off adjustments to net amounts owed to the Company related to the tax matters agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Merger and acquisition expense, net was less than 1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily related to professional fees associated with specific acquisition initiatives offset by a gain of 6 million related to the revision of its expected earn-out related to the Drivetek acquisition. Merger acquisition expense, net was 18 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to professional fees associated with specific acquisition initiatives. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 4 million of expense for bonuses related to the ratification of a collective bargaining agreement at a facility in New York. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a charge of 3 million, primarily related to the recognition of a 6 million estimated loss on an immaterial business that met held for sale accounting criteria. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a gain on the sale of businesses of 5 million related to the recognition of earn-outs on prior dispositions. 
 A gain of 13 million related to the sale of certain fixed assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other operating expense (income), net is primarily comprised of items included within the subtitle Non-comparable items impacting the Company s earnings per diluted share and net earnings below. 
 
 Equity in affiliates earnings, net of tax was 23 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This line item is driven by the results of the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Unrealized and realized loss on equity and debt securities was 129 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This line item reflects the net unrealized gains or losses recognized due to valuing the Company s investments at fair value. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, this primarily related to losses recognized to adjust the Company s investment in Wolfspeed convertible debt securities to fair value. The Company sold its Wolfspeed convertible debt securities during the third and fourth quarters of 2023. 
 
 Interest expense, net was 17 million and 3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This increase in net interest expense was primarily due to a 28 million gain on debt extinguishment recognized in 2023. Excluding the gain on debt extinguishment, net interest expense has decreased year-over-year primarily due to higher cash and cash equivalents balances and interest received on those balances. 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 44 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in an effective rate of 5 . This compared to 230 million, or an effective rate of 30 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately 107 million related to reductions in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest for matters where the statute of limitations lapsed, a discrete tax benefit of approximately 36 million related to post Spin-Off restructuring and a discrete tax benefit of 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 4 million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately 41 million in relation to the Spin-Off, a discrete tax benefit of approximately 39 million related to various changes in filing positions for prior years, a discrete tax benefit of approximately 14 million related to the resolution of tax audits, a discrete tax expense of approximately 9 million for the impact of enacted tax law changes and a discrete tax expense of approximately 85 million for changes in judgment related to the realization of deferred tax assets, primarily due to the impact of the Spin-Off on the allocation of the Company s profits across jurisdictions for tax purposes as well as various tax structuring actions and strategies. 

Non-comparable items impacting the Company s earnings per diluted share 
 
 The Company s earnings per diluted share were 1.08 and 0.37 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 3.40 and 2.06 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The non-comparable items presented below are calculated after tax using the corresponding effective tax rate discrete to each item and the weighted average number of diluted shares for each of the periods then ended. The Company believes the following table is useful in highlighting non-comparable items that impacted its earnings per diluted share: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Non-comparable items: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Restructuring expense (0.07) (0.17) (0.21) (0.21) Accelerated depreciation (0.10) (0.13) (0.01) Commercial contract settlement (0.02) (0.06) Adjustments associated with Spin-Off related balances (0.01) (0.06) (Loss) gain on sale of businesses (0.03) (0.02) 0.02 Collective bargaining agreement ratification bonus (0.01) (0.01) Merger and acquisition expense, net 0.02 (0.01) (0.07) Gain on debt extinguishment 0.01 0.09 0.01 0.09 Asset impairment and lease modification (0.03) Gain on sale of assets 0.03 0.04 Unrealized and realized gain (loss) on equity and debt securities 0.01 (0.32) (0.55) Tax adjustments 0.23 (0.18) 0.65 Other non-comparable items (0.04) (0.05) (0.07) (0.03) Total impact of non-comparable items per share - diluted (0.01) (0.61) 0.10 (0.75) 

Results by Reportable Segment 
 
 The Company discloses segment information under four reportable segments, consistent with the way operating results are evaluated by management. These segments are strategic business groups that are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. In prior quarters, the Company presented its results under three reportable segments: Air Management, Drivetrain Battery Systems and ePropulsion. 
 
 Effective July 1, 2024, the Company implemented a new business unit and management structure designed to further enhance the execution of the Company s Charging Forward strategy. The Company now reports its results in the following four reportable segments: Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems. 
 
 The reportable segment disclosures have been updated accordingly, which included recasting prior period information for the new reporting structure. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the Company. Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is comprised of operating income for the Company s reportable segments adjusted for restructuring, merger, acquisition and divestiture expense, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. The Company believes Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of our reportable segments. 
 
 The following tables present net sales and Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for the Company s reportable segments: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) margin Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) margin Turbos Thermal Technologies 1,386 202 14.6 1,474 214 14.5 Drivetrain Morse Systems 1,365 251 18.4 1,449 253 17.5 PowerDrive Systems 512 (19) (3.7) 571 (20) (3.5) Battery Charging Systems 197 (8) (4.1) 146 (26) (17.8) Inter-segment eliminations (11) (18) Totals for reportable segments 3,449 426 3,622 421 
 
 The Turbos Thermal Technologies segment s net sales decreased 88 million, or 6 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased 12 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to approximately 77 million of a reduction in volume, mix, and net new business driven by a decline in market production. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 10 million. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was 14.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14.5 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by purchasing savings and manufacturing efficiencies. 
 
 The Drivetrain Morse Systems segment s net sales decreased 84 million, or 6 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased 2 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in net sales of approximately 2 million primarily due to the strengthening of the Chinese Renminbi and Euro and weakening of the Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. The decrease excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 80 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by a decline in market production. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 6 million. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was 18.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.5 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Income was flat primarily due to lower sales partially offset by purchasing savings, manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring. 
 
 The PowerDrive Systems segment s net sales decreased 59 million, or 10 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Loss decreased 1 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year increase in net sales of approximately 2 million primarily due to the strengthening of the Chinese Renminbi and Euro and weakening of the Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. Acquisitions contributed 9 million in additional sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease excluding these items was primarily due to approximately 94 million of a reduction in volume, mix and net new business driven by decreased demand for the Company s light vehicle Foundational products, which was partially offset by 24 million of customer 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 recoveries related to the volume decrease. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was (3.7) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to (3.5) during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Loss was flat primarily due to lower sales offset by purchasing savings, customer volume related recoveries and restructuring. 
 
 The Battery Charging Systems segment s net sales increased 51 million, or 35 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Loss decreased 18 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net sales was primarily due to approximately 59 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased European demand. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 23 million, which was partially offset by other pricing increases of 14 million. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was (4.1) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to (17.8) during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Loss decreased primarily due to conversion on higher sales. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) margin Net sales Segment Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) margin Turbos Thermal Technologies 4,475 654 14.6 4,570 660 14.4 Drivetrain Morse Systems 4,226 770 18.2 4,146 700 16.9 PowerDrive Systems 1,412 (130) (9.2) 1,624 (74) (4.6) Battery Charging Systems 567 (33) (5.8) 395 (76) (19.2) Inter-segment eliminations (33) (59) Totals for reportable segments 10,647 1,261 10,676 1,210 
 
 The Turbos Thermal Technologies segment s net sales decreased 95 million, or 2 and Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased 6 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in net sales of approximately 21 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. The decrease excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 40 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by a decline in market production. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 34 million. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was 14.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14.4 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Income decreased primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by savings related to purchasing and restructuring. 
 
 The Drivetrain Morse Systems segment s net sales increased 80 million, or 2 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Income increased 70 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in net sales of approximately 52 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi and Korean Won, in each case relative to the U.S. Dollar. The increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately 145 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for drivetrain products in Asia. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 13 million. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was 18.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.9 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Income increase was primarily due to conversion on higher sales and savings related to purchasing and restructuring. 
 
 The PowerDrive Systems segment s net sales decreased 212 million, or 13 , and Segment Adjusted 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Loss increased 56 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in net sales of approximately 17 million primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar. Acquisitions contributed 21 million in additional sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease excluding these items was primarily due to approximately 243 million of a reduction in volume, mix and net new business driven by decreased demand for the Company s light vehicle Foundational products, which was partially offset by 27 million of customer recoveries related to the volume decrease. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was (9.2) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to (4.6) during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Loss increased due to lower sales, higher R D investments and impacts related to the Eldor acquisition, partially offset by restructuring savings and customer volume related recoveries. 
 
 The Battery Charging Systems segment s net sales increased 172 million, or 44 , and Segment Adjusted Operating Loss decreased 43 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net sales was primarily due to approximately 177 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for battery system products in Europe and North America. Additionally, normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements decreased net sales by 52 million, which was partially offset by other pricing increases of 42 million. Acquisitions contributed 5 million in additional sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Segment Adjusted Operating Margin was (5.8) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to (19.2) during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Segment Adjusted Operating Loss decrease was primarily due to conversion on higher sales and lower input costs, partially offset by higher investments in R D for battery systems. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 The Company maintains various liquidity sources, including cash and cash equivalents and the unused portion of its multi-currency revolving credit agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had liquidity of 4,000 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalent balances of 2,000 million and an undrawn revolving credit facility of 2,000 million. On October 17, 2024, the Company announced that the remaining outstanding balance of 343 million on the 5.000 senior notes due in October 2025 will be redeemed in full on November 1, 2024 using cash on hand, in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 
 The Company was in full compliance with its covenants under the revolving credit facility and had full access to its undrawn revolving credit facility. Given the Company s strong liquidity position, management believes that it will have sufficient liquidity and will maintain compliance with all covenants through at least the next 12 months. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalent balances of 728 million were held by the Company s subsidiaries outside the United States. Cash and cash equivalents held by these subsidiaries are used to fund foreign operational activities and future investments, including acquisitions. The majority of cash held outside the United States is available for repatriation. The Company uses its U.S. liquidity primarily for various corporate purposes, including but not limited to debt service, share repurchases, dividend distributions, acquisitions and other corporate expenses. 
 
 The Company has a 2.0 billion multi-currency revolving credit facility that includes a feature allowing the Company the ability to increase the facility by 1.0 billion with bank group approval. This facility matures in September 2028. The credit facility agreement contains customary events of default and one key financial covenant, which is a debt-to-EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenant at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under this facility. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

The Company s commercial paper program allows the Company to issue up to 2.0 billion of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under the limits of its multi-currency revolving credit facility. Under this program, the Company may issue notes from time to time and use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Company had no outstanding borrowings under this program as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The total current combined borrowing capacity under the multi-currency revolving credit facility and commercial paper program cannot exceed 2.0 billion. 
 
 In addition to the revolving credit facility, the Company s universal shelf registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission provides the Company with the ability to issue various debt and equity securities subject to market conditions. 
 
 On February 7, 2024, April 24, 2024 and July 23, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.11 per share of common stock, respectively. The dividends were paid on March 15, 2024, June 17, 2024 and September 16, 2024, respectively. 
 
 From a credit quality perspective, the Company has a credit rating of BBB from Standard Poor s, Baa1 from Moody s and BBB+ from Fitch Ratings. The current outlook from each of Standard Poor s, Moody s and Fitch is stable. None of the Company's debt agreements requires accelerated repayment in the event of a downgrade in credit ratings. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Net earnings from continuing operations 814 532 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation and tooling amortization 444 376 Intangible asset amortization 51 51 Restructuring expense, net of cash paid 8 61 Stock-based compensation expense 46 50 Gain on debt extinguishment (3) (28) Loss (gain) on sale of businesses 3 (5) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense (79) 19 Unrealized and realized loss on equity and debt securities 129 Other non-cash adjustments 2 (80) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 472 573 Retirement plan contributions (16) (13) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation adjustments: Receivables (83) (767) Inventories (54) (126) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (307) 301 Other assets and liabilities (126) 10 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 700 510 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 700 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 510 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to higher net earnings adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in working capital. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Capital expenditures, including tooling outlays (510) (624) Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired (31) Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges, net 46 25 (Payments for) proceeds from investments in equity and debt securities, net (7) 63 Proceeds from the sale of business, net 8 Proceeds from asset disposals and other, net 3 29 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (460) (538) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 460 million during the first nine months of 2024 compared to 538 million during the first nine months of 2023. As a percentage of sales, capital expenditures were 4.8 and 5.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-over-year reduction in capital expenditures was primarily due to lower eProduct investments. In 2023, the Company recorded net proceeds from investments in equity and debt securities of 63 million, that was 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 primarily related to the Company s sale of Wolfspeed convertible debt securities. Additionally, in 2023, the Company paid 31 million related to the acquisition of the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of Hubei Surpass Sun Electric. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Net increase in notes payable 3 Additions to debt 1,000 4 Payments for debt issuance costs (9) (3) Repayments of debt, including current portion (175) (444) Payments for purchase of treasury stock (401) Payments for stock-based compensation items (23) (25) Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired (4) Payments for contingent consideration (1) (23) Purchase of noncontrolling interest (15) Net distribution from PHINIA 401 Dividends paid to BorgWarner stockholders (74) (105) Dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders (63) (71) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities from continuing operations 250 (278) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 250 million during the first nine months of 2024 compared to net cash used in financing activities of 278 million during the first nine months of 2023. Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to the Company s issuance of 500 million of 4.950 senior notes due August 2029 and 500 million of 5.400 senior notes due August 2034, offset by 401 million of BorgWarner share repurchases, 175 million of debt repayments, 74 million in dividends paid to the Company s stockholders and 63 million in dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders of the Company s consolidated joint ventures. In 2023, the Company executed the Spin-Off and received a net distribution, part of which was utilized to purchase and extinguish a portion of senior notes due in 2025. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 CONTINGENCIES 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to various commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints, including matters involving warranty claims, intellectual property claims, governmental investigations and related proceedings, general liability and other risks. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the Company will ultimately be successful in any of these commercial and legal matters or what the impact might be. The Company does not believe that adverse outcomes in any of these commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. An adverse outcome could, nonetheless, be material to the results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Lawsuit Against PHINIA 
 
 On September 19, 2024, the Company commenced a lawsuit against PHINIA, seeking to recover from PHINIA approximately 120 million of value added tax VAT refunds that PHINIA has received or expects to receive from governmental agencies as well as damages and interest, which PHINIA has refused to pay to the Company. These refunds consist of VAT paid by the Company in periods prior to or directly related to the Spin-Off through which the Company established PHINIA as an independent company. Prior to the initiation of the lawsuit, PHINIA had paid certain VAT refund amounts to the Company. The Company asserts PHINIA s obligation to pay the Company these VAT refunds and related amounts is plainly set forth in a binding tax matters agreement between the Company and PHINIA, which the parties agreed to prior to the Spin-Off. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an asset related to these VAT refunds of approximately 120 million, which is included in Receivables, net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 The Company and certain of its current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain local environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties PRPs at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act Superfund and equivalent state laws and, as such, may be presently liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at 17 such sites as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a Superfund site is typically shared among PRPs based on an allocation formula. 
 
 The Company believes that none of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Generally, this is because either the estimates of the maximum potential liability at a site are not material or the liability will be shared with other PRPs, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such matter. 
 
 Refer to Note 20, Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report for further details and information with respect to the Company s environmental liability. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 2, New Accounting Pronouncements, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report for a detailed description of new applicable accounting pronouncements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to the information concerning the Company s exposures to interest rate risk or commodity price risk as stated in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that the Company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Currently, the Company s most significant currency exposures relate to the British Pound, Chinese Renminbi, Euro, Hungarian Forint, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Mexican Peso, Polish Zloty, Swiss Franc and Thai Baht. The Company mitigates its foreign currency exchange rate risk by establishing local production facilities and related supply chain participants in the markets it serves, by invoicing customers in the same currency as the source of the products and by funding some of its investments in foreign markets through local currency loans. The Company also monitors its foreign currency exposure in each country and implements strategies to respond to changing economic and political environments. In addition, the Company regularly enters into forward currency contracts, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges to reduce exposure to translation exchange rate risk. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a deferred gain of 107 million and 112 million, respectively, both before taxes, for designated net investment hedges within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The significant foreign currency translation adjustments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are shown in the following tables, which provide the percentage change in U.S. Dollar against the respective currencies and the approximate impacts of these changes recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) for the respective periods. 
 
 (in millions, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Japanese Yen 12 28 (2) 31 Chinese Renminbi 4 61 1 21 British Pound 6 16 5 16 Euro 4 30 1 (7) 
 
 (in millions, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Chinese Renminbi (1) (1) (6) (101) Euro (3) (47) (1) (48) Korean Won (3) (12) (7) (30) 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of claims and judicial and administrative proceedings (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the Company s business or relating to matters for which the Company may have a contractual indemnity obligation. Refer to Note 20, Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a discussion of environmental and other litigation which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In November 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 544 million of the Company s common stock, which replaced the previous repurchase authorization. By its terms, this share repurchase authorization had an expiration date of December 31, 2027. In April 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 767 million of the Company s common stock, which replaces the previous authorization. By its terms, this share repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had repurchased 404 million of common stock under this repurchase program. Shares purchased under this authorization may be repurchased in the open market at prevailing prices and at times and in amounts to be determined by management as market conditions and the Company's capital position warrant. The Company may use Rule 10b5-1 and 10b-18 plans to facilitate share repurchases. Repurchased shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued. 
 
 Employee transactions include restricted stock withheld to offset statutory minimum tax withholding that occurs upon vesting of restricted stock. The BorgWarner Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan provides that the withholding obligations be settled by the Company retaining stock that is part of the award. Withheld shares will be deemed common stock held in treasury and may subsequently be reissued for general corporate purposes. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of its equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under plans or programs (in millions) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 767 Employee transactions 991 33.02 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 4,984,505 33.01 4,984,505 602 Employee transactions September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 Common Stock Repurchase Program 4,216,977 32.91 4,216,977 463 Employee transactions 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, director or Section 16 officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 4.1 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2024 between BorgWarner Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2024). 
 Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. 
 Exhibit 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. 
 Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 Exhibit 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Exhibit 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 60 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, and the undersigned also has signed this report in her capacity as the Registrant s Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer). 
 BorgWarner Inc. (Registrant) By /s/ Amy B. Kulikowski (Signature) Amy B. Kulikowski Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 61 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024093010qexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Frederic B. Lissalde, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Frederic B. Lissalde Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024093010qexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Craig D. Aaron, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BorgWarner Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Craig D. Aaron Craig D. Aaron Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024093010qexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BorgWarner Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 31, 2024 
 s Frederic B. Lissalde Frederic B. Lissalde President and Chief Executive Officer s Craig D. Aaron Craig D. Aaron Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BorgWarner Inc. and will be retained by BorgWarner Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bwa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bwa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bwa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bwa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bwa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

