<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1495231_0001495231-24-000230.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11088355</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124740</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3226554</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3226970</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2196756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2143708</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001495231-24-000230.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001495231-24-000230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IZEA Worldwide, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001495231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				371530765
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37703
		FILM NUMBER:		241462622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1317 EDGEWATER DR #1880
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-674-6911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1317 EDGEWATER DR #1880
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IZEA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120522

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IZEA Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rapid Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100624

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001495231-24-000230.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 izea-20240930.htm
 10-Q

izea-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________________ to _________________ 
 
 Commission File No.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 
 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights - The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of our common stock outstanding. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Se p tember 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Ni ne Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 28 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 43 
 Signatures 
 46 

i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Short term investments Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Goodwill Intangible assets, net Digital assets Software development costs, net Long term investments Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Contract liabilities Contingent Liability Total current liabilities Finance obligation, less current portion Deferred purchase price, less current portion Deferred tax liability Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued: and , respectively, shares outstanding: and , respectively. 
 Treasury stock at cost: and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Sales and marketing General and administrative Impairment of goodwill Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Change in the fair value of digital assets ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Total other income (expense), net Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Tax benefit Net loss ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Basic and diluted loss per common share 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Unrealized (gain) loss on securities held ) ) ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on currency translation Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Reverse stock split fractional share adjustment Treasury stock ) ) Unrealized gain on securities held Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on securities held Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Cumulative Effect Retained Earnings Adjustment (FMV Crypto) Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Reverse stock split fractional share adjustment ) Treasury stock ) ) Unrealized gain on securities held Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on securities held Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: Adjustment to fair market value of digital assets ) Depreciation Amortization Impairment of goodwill Deferred tax benefit ) Stock-based compensation Value of stock issued or to be issued for payment of services (Gain)/Loss on disposal of equipment Bad debt Change in fair value of acquisition costs payable ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Contract liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of short term investments ) Proceeds from investment maturities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of digital assets Capitalization of software development costs ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options ESPP issuances Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payments on shares withheld for statutory taxes ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Non-cash financing and investing activities: Equipment acquired with financing arrangement 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1. 
 
 7 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

. The Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation CDIC insures deposits made to the Company s bank accounts in Canada up to CAD . The Australian Financial Claims Scheme insures deposits made to the Company s accounts in Australia up to AUD . Deposit balances exceeding this limit were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 million, including million of accounts receivable and contract assets of on September 30, 2024. The Company had net trade receivables of million, including million of accounts receivable and contract assets of at December 31, 2023. 
 Management determines the collectability of accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering a customer s financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. An account is deemed delinquent when the customer has not paid an amount due by its associated due date. If a portion of the account balance is deemed uncollectible, the Company will either write off the amount owed or provide a reserve based on its best estimate of the uncollectible portion of the account. We assess collectability risk both generally and by specific aged invoices. Our loss history informs a general reserve percentage, which we apply to all invoices less than 90 days from the invoice due date, currently of the outstanding balance. The general reserve, which we update periodically, recognizes that some invoices will likely become a collection risk. When an invoice ages 90 days past its due date, we consider each invoice to determine a reserve for collectability based on our prior history and recent communications with the customer, to determine a reserve amount. Generally, our reserve for such aged invoices will approach 100 of the invoice amount. 
 The Company had a reserve for doubtful accounts of as of September 30, 2024, and as of September 30, 2023. Management believes that this estimate is reasonable, but there can be no assurance that the estimate will not change due to a change in economic or business conditions within the industry, the individual customers, or the Company. Any adjustments to this account are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a general and administrative expense. The Company did recognize any bad debt expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 of total accounts receivable at September 30, 2024 and one customer that 
 8 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2023. The Company had one customer that accounted for more than of its revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and two customers that accounted for more than of its revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

years Office Equipment - years 
 Furniture and Fixtures - years 
 
 The carrying amounts of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated in the year of disposal, with resulting gains or losses included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 business operating segment with reporting unit for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. Hoozu is being treated as a second, separate reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. 
 The Company performs its annual impairment tests of goodwill as of October 1 each year, or more frequently if certain indicators are present. In September 2024, the Company identified a triggering event related to the changes in executive management and Board level changes, including the Cooperation Agreement, and performed an interim assessment of Goodwill, as described in Note 5 Intangible Assets. 
 to months. See Note 5 Intangible Assets for further details. 
 The Company accounts for its digital assets held as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. The Company maintains ownership of and control over its digital assets and may use third-party custodial services to secure them. The digital assets are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently evaluated for any changes in the fair market value. 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-08, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ASU 2023-08 . ASU 2023-08 requires fair value measurement of certain crypto assets each reporting period with the changes in fair value reflected in net income. The amendments also require disclosures of the name, fair value, units held, and cost bases for each significant crypto asset held and annual reconciliations of crypto asset holdings. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company has opted to adopt this guidance early. 
 A cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings was recognized as of January 1, 2023 for . This adjustment brought the carrying value in line with the fair market value as of December 31, 2022. Adjustments were recognized for all quarterly reporting periods for 2023 as of December 31, 2023 to restate the carrying value at the end of each period for the Company s digital assets, as described in Note 5 Intangible Assets. 
 In September 2024, the Company sold all of its digital assets for total proceeds of , net of de minimis fees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company no longer held any Bitcoin or Ethereum, as all digital assets were sold during the period. 
 9 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

upon the initial release of the software or additional features. The Company reviews the software development costs for impairment when circumstances indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, the Company recognizes an impairment loss for the excess carrying value over the fair value in its consolidated statements of operations. See Note 6 Software Development Costs for further details. 
 10 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

days from the invoice date. The agreement typically provides for either a non-refundable deposit or a cancellation fee if the agreement is canceled by the customer prior to the completion of services. Billings in advance of completed services are recorded as a contract liability until earned. The Company assesses collectability based on several factors, including the creditworthiness of the customer and payment and transaction history. 
 The Company does not typically engage in contracts that are longer than . Therefore, the Company does not capitalize costs to obtain its customer contracts as these amounts generally would be recognized over a period of less than one year and are not material. 
 Managed Services Revenue 
 For Managed Services Revenue, the Company enters into an agreement to provide services that may include multiple distinct performance obligations in the form of (i) an integrated marketing campaign to provide influencer marketing services, which may include the provision of blogs, tweets, photos, or videos shared through social network offerings and content promotion, such as click-through advertisements appearing in websites and social media channels, and (ii) custom content items, such as a research or news articles, informational material or videos. Marketers typically purchase influencer marketing services to provide public awareness or advertising buzz regarding the marketer s brand and purchase custom content for internal and external use. 
 The Company views its obligation to deliver influencer marketing services, including management services, as a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time as the customer receives the benefits from the services. The majority of revenue is recognized using an input method of costs incurred compared to total expected costs to measure the progress towards satisfying the overall performance obligation of the marketing campaign. The Company s performance obligation in certain contracts with customers may be a stand-ready promise to provide influencer marketing services for an unknown or unspecified quantity of deliverables for a specified term. Under a stand-ready obligation, the Company s performance obligation is satisfied over time throughout the contract term, and therefore, revenue is recognized straight-line over the life of the contract. The Company may provide one type or a combination of all types of these influencer marketing services on a statement of work for a lump sum fee. When multiple types of performance obligations exist in a contract, the Company allocates revenue to each distinct performance obligation at contract inception based on its relative standalone selling price. These performance obligations are to be provided over a period that generally ranges from one day to one year. The delivery of custom content represents a distinct performance obligation that is satisfied at a point in time when each piece of content is delivered to the customer. Based on the Company s evaluations, revenue from Managed Services is reported on a gross basis because the Company has the primary obligation to fulfill the performance obligations, and it creates, reviews, and controls the services. The Company takes on the risk of payment to any third-party creators, and it establishes the contract price directly with its customers based on the services requested in the statement of work. 
 Marketplace Spend Fees Revenue 
 For Marketplace Spend Fees Revenue, the self-service customers instruct creators found through the Company s platforms to provide and/or distribute custom content for an agreed-upon transaction price. The Company s platforms control the contracting, description of services, acceptance of, and payment for the requested content. This service is used primarily by news agencies or marketers to control the outsourcing of their content and advertising needs. The Company charges the self-service customer the transaction price plus a fee based on the contract. Revenue is recognized when the transaction is completed by the creator and accepted by the marketer or verified as posted by the system. Based on the Company s evaluations, this revenue is reported on a net basis since the Company is acting as an agent through its platform for the third-party creator to provide the services or content directly to the self-service customer or to post approved content through one or more social media platforms. 
 License Fees Revenue 
 License Fees Revenue is generated by granting customers limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable access to the Company s technology platforms for an agreed-upon subscription period. Customers access the platforms to manage their 
 11 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. Advertising costs charged to operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. Advertising costs are included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 12 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of IZEA common stock to new employees of IZEA or its subsidiaries. See Note 10 Stockholder s Equity for additional information related to shares issued under both plans. 
 Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions 
 The Company accounts for business combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting is applied to all business combinations, whereby the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interests in the acquiree are recognized and measured at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is allocated to reporting units, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is subject to annual impairment testing. Acquisition-related costs, including advisory, legal, and due diligence fees, are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the period in which the acquisition occurs. The financial statements include the results of operations and financial position of businesses acquired from their respective acquisition dates. Any adjustments to the preliminary fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, known as measurement period adjustments, are recorded to the period of the adjustment. 
 13 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

. Interim periods and annual periods for 2022 and 2023 have been presented with the change reflected in fair market value. Expanded disclosures for crypto assets have been added to Note 5 - Intangible Assets. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 Segment Reporting: Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures: In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improving Reportable Segment Disclosures . This update is intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant expenses. The ASU also requires all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 to be included in the interim periods. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted and requiring retrospective application to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the timing and impact of adopting the updated provisions. 
 Income Taxes: Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures: In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires additional disclosures of income tax components that affect the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid, broken out by the applicable taxing jurisdictions. The Company expects to adopt this ASU for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2025, and does not expect a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2. 
 million, including cash consideration of million and 726,210 shares of common stock, valued at approximately million at the acquisition date, based on the closing market share price on the acquisition date. Approximately of transaction-related costs are separately recorded in general and administrative costs in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Stock issued at closing First deferred purchase price installment (1) 
 Second deferred purchase price installment (1) 
 Total estimated consideration 
 
 (1) The Company s acquisition of Hoozu on December 1, 2023, included equal contingent cash consideration payments totaling , with twelve-month measurement periods ending December 31, 2024 and 2025. The contingent payments are based on meeting minimum Revenue and Adjusted Earnings before Taxes and Depreciation thresholds for each measurement period. The contingent payments are hit-or-miss, with the first measurement period payments carrying a make-up provision during the second measurement period. The Company determined the fair value of these contingent payments, using Monte Carlo simulation methods, to be at the acquisition date, subject to periodic adjustment until both measurement periods are completed. During the quarter that ended June 30, 2024, the Company determined that based upon the lag behind Hoozu s revenue and profitability growth, achieving the deferred purchase price targets for both 2024 and 2025 is not probable and accordingly reduced these installment balances to their expected payout value. The Company affirmed its probability assessment as of September 30, 2024. 
 The table below presents the fair values on December 1, 2023, allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The purchase accounting and purchase price allocation for Hoozu are complete. 
 14 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Prepaid expenses Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Tradename Customer list Goodwill Deferred tax liability ) Accounts payable ) Current liabilities ) Purchase consideration, excluding cash received Plus: cash received Total purchase consideration 
 Accounts receivable shown in the table above represent their gross amount, which approximates the fair value, and are expected to be collected in full. The significant fair value estimates included in the allocation of purchase price are discussed below. 
 The Company has determined that the fair value is as of September 30, 2024. This valuation reflects substantial adverse changes in Hoozu s financial condition and projected outlook, resulting in a complete reduction of its recorded value. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets with definite lives include acquired customer relationships of million and tradename of million. The preliminary customer-related intangible assets fair value was determined by using the income approach, while the tradename fair value was determined utilizing the relief from the royalty method. Acquired customer relationships and tradename generally have useful lives of years, unless shorter periods are warranted, and are amortized to operating costs on an accelerated basis. 
 Goodwill 
 The excess of consideration for Hoozu over the preliminary net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the provisional recognition of million of goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and synergies. 
 Contingent Liability 
 Contingent liability purchase price installments, which total based on meeting certain revenue and EBITDA milestones for 2024 and 2025, were recorded at their fair value of at the acquisition date. The contingent liability value is subject to periodic adjustment until both measurement dates are completed. No adjustment was recorded in December 2023. 
 As of June 30, 2024, the Company reassessed the fair value of the contingent performance-based consideration related to the earnout provision of the acquisition of Hoozu. Based on actual performance to date, and revised projections of Hoozu s business performance, it was determined that the contingent milestones were no longer probable of being achieved. Consequently, the contingent liability was adjusted to the expected payout value, resulting in a gain of recognized as a reduction to general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income. This adjustment reflects our updated expectation of future performance and aligns with the requirements of ASC 805, which expectations were affirmed as of September 30, 2024. 
 Privatization of Hoozu Holdings, Ltd 
 On March 27, 2024, Hoozu Holdings, Ltd was privatized and restructured to become Hoozu Holdings Pty, Ltd. This administrative change reflects a desire to streamline financial operations. 
 
 15 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

and contingent consideration totaling up to , with twelve-month measurement periods ending July 31, 2025, and 2026. The contingent payments are based on meeting minimum Revenue thresholds for each measurement period. The contingent payments are hit-or-miss. 
 First deferred purchase price installment (1) 
 Second deferred purchase price installment (1) 
 Total estimated consideration 
 (1) The Company s acquisition of 26 Talent on July 1, 2024, included two equal contingent cash consideration payments totaling up to , with twelve-month measurement periods ending July 31, 2025 and 2026. The contingent payments are based on meeting minimum Revenue and Adjusted Earnings before Taxes and Deprecation thresholds for each measurement period. The contingent payments are hit-or-miss. The Company determined the fair value of these contingent payments, using Monte Carlo simulation methods, to be at the acquisition date, subject to periodic adjustment until both measurement periods are complete. 
 The table below presents the provisional fair values on July 1, 2024, allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The purchase accounting and purchase price allocation for 26 Talent are provisional. 
 Prepaid expenses Customer list Accounts payable ) Current liabilities ) Purchase consideration, excluding cash received Plus cash received Total purchase consideration 
 Accounts receivable shown in the above table represent their gross amount, which approximates the fair value, and are expected to be collected in full. The significant fair value estimates included in the provisional allocation of purchase price are discussed below. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets with definite lives include acquired customer relationships of 0.2 million. The preliminary customer-related intangible assets fair value was determined by using the income approach. Acquired customer relationships generally have useful lives of years, unless shorter periods are warranted, and are amortized to operating costs on an accelerated basis. 
 Contingent Liability 
 Contingent liability purchase price installments, which total based on meeting certain revenue and EBITDA milestones for 2025 and 2026, were recorded at their fair value of at the acquisition date. The contingent liability value is subject to periodic adjustment until both measurement dates are completed. The fair value of the contingent liability value was increased to in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

16 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

in cash consideration, allocated to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as shown in the following table: 
 Current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Total purchase price 
 The customer-related intangible assets fair value was determined by using the income approach, has an estimated useful life of years, and will be amortized to operating expenses on an accelerated basis. 
 Other 

NOTE 3. 
 Level 1 (2) 
 Commercial paper Money market funds US Treasury securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2 (3) 
 Asset back securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Subtotal ) Total ) 
 (1) Current Marketable Securities have a holding period under one year. 
 (2) Level 1 fair value estimates are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
 (3) Level 2 fair value estimates are based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets and liabilities. 
 17 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

and a loss of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and recognized gains of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Realized gains and losses are a component of other income (expense), net. Unrealized gains and losses are a component of other comprehensive income (loss) OCI ). 
 Due in 1 year through 5 years Total 
 Government bonds ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset backed securities ) Total ) ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not recognize any credit losses and had no ending allowance balance for credit losses. 

NOTE 4. 
 Office equipment Computer equipment Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 18 

Customer lists Hoozu Zuberance 26 Talent Total definite-lived intangible assets 
 Zuberance intangible assets 26 Talent intangible assets Total Less accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029+ Total 
 There were impairment charges associated with the Company s identifiable intangible assets, other than digital assets, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 Amortization expense recorded in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Digital Assets 
 In September 2024, the Company sold all of its digital assets for total proceeds of , net of de minimis fees. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company no longer held any Bitcoin or Ethereum, as all digital assets were sold during the period. The Company recorded a loss of and a gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The Company determines the fair value of its digital assets on a recurring basis in accordance with ASU 2023-8, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets , based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that has been determined to be the principal market for such assets (Level 1 inputs). The Company performs an analysis monthly to identify whether the fair market value of the digital assets has changed. If the then-current carrying value of a digital asset is different from the fair value so determined, an adjustment in the amount equal to the difference between their carrying value and the price determined is recognized. 
 19 

Acquisitions during 2023 Currency translation adjustment ) Balance on December 31, 2023 Impairment of goodwill ) Currency translation adjustment ) Balance on September 30, 2024 
 The Company completed its acquisition of Hoozu on December 1, 2023. While Hoozu s business is reported together with our Managed Services business, it will be treated as a separate component for Goodwill impairment testing. 
 The Company performs an annual impairment assessment of goodwill on October 1 each year or more frequently, if certain indicators are present. In September 2024, the Company identified a triggering event related to the changes in executive management and Board level changes, including the Cooperation Agreement. The Company performed an interim assessment of goodwill using the income approach of the discounted cash flow method and the market approach of the guideline transaction method and determined that the carrying value of the Company s IZEA reporting segment as of September 30, 2024, exceeded the fair value. As a result of the valuation, the Company recorded a 4 million impairment of goodwill in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company also performed a qualitative assessment of the carrying value of its Hoozu reporting unit, which did not indicate impairment as of September 30, 2024. 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Software development costs, net 
 
 In 2022, the Company began developing new web-based influencer marketing platforms, IZEA Flex and Marketplace, to replace IZEAx and Shake, respectively. IZEAx was sunset in mid-2023, and Shake was sunset in Q4 of 2022. The Company capitalized software development costs of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company capitalized software development costs of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As a result, the Company has capitalized a total of million in direct materials, consulting, payroll, and benefit costs to its internal-use software development costs in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company amortizes its software development costs, commencing upon initial release of the software or additional features, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of , which is consistent with the amount of time its legacy platforms were in service, or its actual useful life, if shorter. The Company recorded amortization expense associated with its capitalized software development cost of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded amortization expense associated with its capitalized software development cost of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 20 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total 

NOTE 7. 
 Accrued taxes Current portion of finance obligation Accrued other (1) Total accrued expenses 
 was accrued. 

NOTE 8. 
 , based on its incremental borrowing rate, to determine the present value of its financial obligation and to record interest expense over the term of the plan. The Company refreshed a portion of its computer inventory during the fourth quarter of 2022, entering a new payment plan with the same vendor. The total balance owed was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with the short-term portion of and recorded under accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Summary 
 Interest expense on financing arrangements recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations was and 6,373 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 Total 

NOTE 9. 
 
 equal contingent cash consideration payments totaling , with twelve-month measurement periods ending December 31, 2024 and 2025. The contingent payments are based on meeting minimum Revenue and Adjusted Earnings before Taxes and Depreciation thresholds for each 
 measurement period. The contingent payments are hit-or-miss, with the first measurement period payments carrying a make-up provision during the second measurement period. The Company determined the initial fair value of these contingent payments to be , subject to quarterly adjustment until both measurement periods are completed. 
 As of June 30, 2024, the Company reassessed the fair value of the contingent performance-based consideration related to the earnout provision of the acquisition of Hoozu. Based on actual performance to date, and revised projections of Hoozu s business performance, it was determined that achieving the contingent milestones was no longer probable. Consequently, the contingent liability was written off, resulting in a gain of recognized as a reduction to general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income. This adjustment reflects our updated expectation of future performance and aligns with the requirements of ASC 805. The fair value will continue to be subject to quarterly assessment until the completion of both measurement periods. 
 The Company s acquisition of 26 Talent through its subsidiary Hoozu on July 1, 2024, included two equal contingent cash consideration payments totaling , with twelve-month measurement periods ending July 31, 2025, and 2026. The contingent payments are based on meeting minimum Revenue thresholds for each measurement period. The contingent payments are hit-or-miss. The Company determined the fair value of these contingent payments to be at the acquisition date, subject to periodic adjustment until both measurement periods are completed. On September 30, 2024, the accreted fair value of the earnout payments was . 
 Lease Commitments 
 The Company does not have any operating or finance leases greater than 12 months in duration as of September 30, 2024. 
 Retirement Plans 
 The Company offers a 401(k) plan to all of its eligible employees. The Company matches participant contributions in an amount equal to of each participant s contribution up to of the participant s salary. The participants become vested in annual increments after of service, or fully vest upon the age of 60. 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total contribution expense 
 Litigation 

NOTE 10. 
 authorized shares of common stock and authorized shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of per share. shares of preferred stock are designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
 Share Repurchase 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a million share repurchase program of the Company s common stock. 
 During the repurchase program, the Company purchased shares of the Company s common stock on the open market with an average price per share of , for a total of million. Shares purchased before June 16, 2023 have been 
 21 

million share repurchase program of the Company s common stock. The repurchase program is subject to market conditions and the Company s inside trading windows. As of September 30, 2024, shares had been repurchased under the program with an average price per share of 2.5955, for a total of . 
 On September 30, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement adopted under the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The agreement, which assists the Company in implementing its stock repurchase programs, provides for the purchase of up to 9.9 million, the remaining amount under its million share repurchase program. Purchases may commence on November 1, 2024, and terminate on the earliest of May 15, 2025, until the aggregate number of shares are repurchased or upon certain other events. Purchases will be made from time to time, depending on market conditions, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, at prices deemed appropriate by management. 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan at the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on October 17, 2023, to increase the number of plan shares by shares, from to shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to future grants under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, the Board determines the terms and conditions of each restricted stock issuance, including any future vesting restrictions. 
 In 2023, the Company issued its independent directors a total of shares of restricted common stock initially valued at for their annual service as directors of the Company. The stock was granted in installments on the last day of each quarter and vested immediately. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued its independent directors a total of and shares of restricted common stock, respectively, with an aggregate grant date valuation of for their service as directors of the Company. Approximately worth of shares are granted on the last day of each quarter and vest immediately. 
 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 Although restricted stock is issued upon the grant of an award, the Company excludes restricted stock from the computations within the financial statements of total shares outstanding and basic earnings per share until such time as the restricted stock vests. 
 Expense recognized on restricted stock issued to directors for services was and during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. There was expense recognized on restricted stock issued to employees during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 22 

per share and the intrinsic value on the non-vested restricted stock was . Future compensation expense related to issued, but non-vested, restricted stock awards as of September 30, 2024, is . 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Board determines the terms and conditions of each restricted stock unit award issued under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued a total of restricted stock units initially valued at to non-executive employees as additional incentive compensation. The restricted stock units vest between and months from issuance. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued a total of restricted stock units initially valued at to executives as additional incentive compensation. The restricted stock units vest between and months from issuance. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 (1) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company announced the departure of two executives. In accordance with their separation agreements, all outstanding equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs), held by the departing executives vested immediately upon separation, resulting in the vesting of RSUs. 
 Expense recognized on restricted stock units issued to employees was and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. On September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company s common stock was approximately per share and the intrinsic value on the non-vested restricted units was . Future compensation related to the non-vested restricted stock units as of September 30, 2024 is and it is estimated to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, the Board determines the exercise price to be paid for the stock option shares, the period within which each stock option may be exercised, and the terms and conditions of each stock option. The exercise price of incentive and non-qualified stock options may not be less than of the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on the grant date. If an individual owns stock representing more than of the outstanding shares, the exercise price of each share of an incentive stock option must be equal to or exceed of fair market value. Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, the exercise price is set at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date (or the last trading day prior to the grant date, if it is awarded on a non-trading day). Additionally, the term is set at and the option typically vests on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period as follows: from the date of grant with the remaining vesting monthly in equal increments over the following . The Company issues new shares for any stock awards or options exercised under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 23 

Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, options were exercised for gross proceeds of . The intrinsic value of the exercised options was . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, options were exercised for gross proceeds of . The intrinsic value of the exercised options was . The fair value of the Company's common stock on September 30, 2024 was approximately per share, and the intrinsic value on outstanding options as of September 30, 2024 was . The intrinsic value of the exercisable options as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 There were outstanding options to purchase shares with a weighted average exercise price of per share, of which options to purchase shares were exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of per share as of September 30, 2024. 
 Expense recognized on stock options issued to employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively and and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Future compensation related to non-vested awards as of September 30, 2024 is , and it is estimated to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 No stock options were granted under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Inducement Plan 
 On November 30, 2023, the Board of Directors adopted the IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2023 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan to accommodate equity grants to new employees hired by IZEA in connection with acquisition transactions, including the Hoozu acquisition. Under the Inducement Plan, IZEA may grant restricted stock units RSUs ), including performance-based and time-based RSUs, with respect to up to a total of shares of IZEA common stock to new employees of IZEA or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules, the Inducement Plan was adopted without stockholder approval. In accordance with Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan can only be made to individuals not previously employees or non-employee directors of IZEA (or 
 24 

employees of Hoozu consisting of an aggregate of performance-based RSUs as inducement awards material to such employees entering into employment with IZEA, pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The RSU grants, which vest in annual increments over a three-year performance period based upon the achievement of certain revenue and profitability metrics, represent the maximum number of shares that can be earned under the awards. Vesting is also subject to the receipt s continued service through each annual vesting date. Unearned RSUs will be forfeited if the minimum revenue in each period is not achieved. Each award is subject to the terms and conditions of the Inducement Plan and the terms and conditions of the applicable RSU award agreement covering the grant. 
 Separately, on December 1, 2023, the IZEA Board approved the grant of an inducement award under the Inducement Plan in connection with the asset purchase from Zuberance consisting of time-based RSUs as an inducement award material to such employee s entering into employment with IZEA. 
 On May 3, 2024, a total of inducement shares, originally awarded on December 1, 2023, were forfeited as a result of an individual s voluntary separation from the Company. 
 On July 24, 2024, the Board of Directors of IZEA approved a grant of time-based RSUs under the Inducement Plan. This grant is intended as an inducement for the employee to join IZEA in connection with the acquisition of TRA. 
 On September 30, 2024 the grant of time-based RSUs was rescinded due to the exit of TRA from IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of performance-based and time-based RSU awards have been granted in conjunction with our acquisitions, none of which have vested. 
 Time-Based Performance Based Total Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Non-Vested 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The amended and restated IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s common stock to employees regularly employed by the Company for days or more on a full-time or part-time basis hours or more per week on a regular schedule). The ESPP operates in successive six-month periods commencing at the beginning of each fiscal year half. Each eligible employee who elects to participate may purchase up to of their annual compensation in common stock, not to exceed annually or shares per offering period. The purchase price will be the lower of (i) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the last day of the offering period. The ESPP will continue until January 1, 2028, unless otherwise terminated by the Board. 
 The stock compensation expense on ESPP Options was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The stock compensation expense on ESPP options was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there were 77,931 remaining shares of common stock available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 Shareholder Rights Plan 
 On May 28, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a dividend to the holders of the Company s common stock outstanding at the close of business on June 7, 2024 (the Record Date of one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each share of common stock. Each Right initially entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Shares ), at a price of per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the Purchase Price ), subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a rights agreement (the Rights Agreement ), dated May 28, 2024 between the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent ). 
 Initially, the Rights are attached to all common stock certificates outstanding as of the Record Date, and evidenced by such shares being registered in the name of the holder thereof together with the Summary of Rights (as defined in the Rights 
 25 

Sales and marketing General and administrative (1) 
 Total stock-based compensation 
 million in stock expense being recognized. 
 26 

) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30 ) ) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities Currency Translation Adjustment Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities Currency Translation Adjustment Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Balance at December 31 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30 ) ) ) ) 

NOTE 11. ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Basic and diluted loss per common share 
 
 Restricted stock units Restricted stock Total excluded shares 

27 

NOTE 12. 

SaaS Services Revenue Total Revenue 
 
 Managed Services revenue is comprised of two types of revenue, Sponsored Social and Content. Sponsored Social revenue, which totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, is recognized over time. Content revenue, which totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, is recognized at a point in time. 
 
 Revenue from APAC Revenue from Other Total 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) 
 The Company does not typically engage in contracts that are longer than . Therefore, the Company will recognize substantially all of the contract liabilities recorded at the end of the year in the following year. The contract liability balance as of December 31, 2023 was 8.9 million. Of that balance, million was carried to revenue during the first three quarters of 2024. The contract liability balance as of September 30, 2024 was 9.1 million. The Company expects to recognize the associated revenue during the next twelve months. The accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2023 was million. million of the outstanding receivables balance from the prior year is still outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The carryforward receivables balance is fully reserved as of September 30, 2024. 
 Contract receivables are recognized when the receipt of consideration is unconditional. Contract liabilities relate to the consideration received from customers in advance of the Company satisfying performance obligations under the terms of the contracts, which will be earned in future periods. Contract liabilities increase as a result of receiving new advance payments from customers and decrease as revenue is recognized upon the Company meeting the performance obligations. As a practical expedient, the Company expenses the costs of sales commissions that are paid to its sales force associated with obtaining contracts less than year in length in the period incurred. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Due to most of the Company s contracts being or less in length. As such, the remaining performance obligations at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are equal to the contract liabilities disclosed above. The Company expects to recognize the full balance of the unearned revenue on September 30, 2024 within the next year. 
 28 

NOTE 13. 
 
 Effective tax rate 

NOTE 14. 

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report, including those contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the notes to our consolidated financial statements, particularly those that utilize terminology such as may, will, would, can, could, continue, design, should, expects, aims, anticipates, estimates, believes, thinks, intends, likely, projects, plans, pursue, strategy, future, forecasts, goal, hopes, or the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information, and are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Future events and our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those reflected in these forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 adverse economic or market conditions that may harm our business; including supply-chain issues, labor distribution, business closures, and inflationary pressures; 
 a few of our customers accounting for a significant portion of our gross billings and accounts receivable, and the loss of, or reduced purchases from, these or other customers having a material adverse effect on our operating results; 
 any erroneous or inaccurate estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies; 
 our ability to raise the additional funding needed to fund our business operation in the future; 
 our ability to satisfy the requirements for continued listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market; 
 our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures; 
 29 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights; 
 our ability to maintain and grow our business; 
 results of any future litigation and costs incurred in connection with any such litigation; 
 competition in the industry; 
 variability of operating results; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our brand; 
 accuracy of tracking the number of user accounts; 
 any security breaches or other disruptions compromising our proprietary information and exposing us to liability; 
 our development and introduction of new products and services; 
 our reliance on, and compliance with, open-source software; 
 the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies, and assets into our portfolio of software and services; 
 marketing and other business development initiatives; 
 general government regulation; 
 dependence on key personnel; 
 the ability to attract, hire, and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the service requirements of our customers; 
 the potential liability concerning actions taken by our existing and past employees; 
 any losses or issues we may encounter as a consequence of accepting or holding digital assets; 
 impacts of the situation in the Middle East and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the global responses to them; 
 risks associated with doing business internationally; 
 shareholder activism could cause us to incur significant expense, disrupt our business, result in a proxy contest or litigation and impact our stock price; and 
 the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. 
 
 All forward-looking statements in this document are based on current expectations, intentions, and beliefs using information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report; we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Company Overview 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. IZEA , Company, we , us or our is a leading innovator in the creator economy, specializing in providing advanced software solutions and professional services that connect brands with a broad spectrum of social influencers and content creators. The Company s mission is to champion the creators, empowering individuals to monetize their creativity, content, and influence. IZEA made a significant mark in the industry by launching the first influencer marketplace, PayPerPost, in 2006, setting a precedent for the evolution of digital marketing platforms. Today, the Company caters to a diverse range of clients, including independent creators and Fortune 10 brands, offering services in influencer marketing, customer-generated content, and custom content creation. IZEA operates through managed services and self-service software tools, accommodating the varying needs of its clientele and ensuring mutually beneficial collaborations within its ecosystem. 
 On IZEA.com the Company offers a dynamic environment where creators can showcase their work to marketers, and marketers can directly engage and hire influencers, simplifying the collaboration process. This platform, alongside the innovative use of generative AI tools in FormAI, underscores IZEA's commitment to facilitating content creation and enhancing the efficiency of digital marketing strategies. 
 30 

IZEA Flex is the Company s flagship enterprise solution for influencer marketing, designed to meet the industry's evolving demands and users feedback for more flexibility and customization. IZEA Flex, which has succeeded IZEAx, empowers marketers to conduct influencer collaborations across any platform with enhanced operational organization and data tracking capabilities. The platform boasts a suite of core modules, including Discover, ContentMine, and ShareMonitor, which together provide a comprehensive toolkit for optimizing influencer marketing campaigns. IZEA Flex is distinguished by its ability to quantify the ROI of marketing efforts at scale, complemented by the introduction of AI-powered tools that streamline content customization and creative campaign ideation. 
 On July 1, 2024, Hoozu acquired 26 Talent, a notable Australian talent management agency. 26 Talent is well-known for its exceptional representation of leading influencers and creators, providing comprehensive talent management and innovative marketing solutions. Post-acquisition, the agency will be integrated into Huume, Hoozu s talent representation division.This acquisition strategically enhances Hoozu s capabilities and extends its presence in the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region, consistent with IZEA s global mergers and acquisitions strategy. 
 On September 6, 2024, the Company entered into separation agreements with Edward H. (Ted) Murphy, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Ryan S. Schram, President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director. Under the terms of their respective Separation Agreements, both Mr. Murphy and Mr. Schram resigned their Director positions as of September 6, 2024, and their executive positions effective September 15, 2024, with neither resignation stemming from any disagreement with the Company's management or Board. Concurrently, the Board appointed Patrick J. Venetucci, a Director on the Board, as the new Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Venetucci will continue to serve in his Director capacity. 
 On September 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Cooperation Agreement with GP Cash Management, Ltd., GP Investments, Ltd., Rodrigo Boscolo, and Antonio Bonchristiano (collectively, the GP Parties ). As part of the Cooperation Agreement, the Company s Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Bonchristiano and Mr. Boscolo as directors, filling the vacancies created by the departures of Ted Murphy and Ryan Schram. One of the new directors will serve on the Compensation Committee and the other on the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Overall consolidated results of operations are evaluated based on Revenue, Cost of Revenue, Sales and Marketing expenses, General and Administrative expenses, Depreciation and Amortization, and Other Income (Expense), net. 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from four primary sources: (1) revenue from our managed services when a marketer (typically a brand, agency, or partner) pays us to provide custom content, influencer marketing, amplification, or other campaign management services Managed Services (2) revenue from fees charged to software customers on their marketplace spend within our platforms Marketplace Spend Fees (3) revenue from license and subscription fees charged to access our software platforms License Fees and (4) revenue derived from other fees such as fees charged to users of our platforms Other Fees ). 
 As discussed in more detail within Revenue Recognition under Note 1. Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part I, Item 1 herein, revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees is reported on a net basis. Revenue from all other sources, including Managed Services, License Fees, and Other Fees are reported on a gross basis. We further categorize these sources into two primary groups: (1) Managed Services and (2) SaaS Services, which includes revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees, License Fees, and Other Fees. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue consists of direct costs paid to our third-party creators who provide the custom content, influencer marketing, or amplification services for our Managed Service customers, where we report revenue on a gross basis. It also includes internal costs related to our campaign fulfillment and SaaS support departments. These costs include salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, and miscellaneous departmental costs related to the personnel responsible for supporting our customers and ultimately fulfilling our obligations under our contracts with customers. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, travel, and miscellaneous departmental costs for our marketing, sales, and sales support personnel. They also include marketing expenses such as brand marketing, public relations events, trade shows, marketing materials and travel expenses. 
 
 31 

General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative G A expense consists primarily of salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs and miscellaneous departmental costs related to our executive, finance, legal, human resources and other administrative personnel. It also includes travel, public company, investor relations expenses, accounting, legal professional services fees, leasehold facilities and other corporate-related expenses. 
 Within G A, we incorporate technology and development costs, consisting primarily of our payroll costs for our internal engineers and contractors responsible for developing, maintaining, and improving our technology, as well as hosting and software subscription costs. These costs are expensed as incurred, except to the extent that they are associated with internal-use software that qualifies for capitalization, which is then recorded as software development costs in the consolidated balance sheet. When major software components are developed, we capitalize these as intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization related to these costs are separately stated under depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 G A expense also includes current period gains and losses on our acquisition costs payable and gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets. When impairments occur on fixed assets, intangible assets, and goodwill, they are included as part of G A expense presented separately in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss when deemed material. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of amortization of our internal-use software and acquired intangible assets from our business acquisitions. To a lesser extent, we also have depreciation and amortization on equipment used by our personnel. Costs are amortized or depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the associated assets. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense is primarily related to the payment plans for the purchase of computer equipment. 
 Other Income. Other income consists primarily of interest income for interest earned on investments. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and the change between the periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue 8,831,794 7,894,901 936,893 12 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 5,210,104 4,685,437 524,667 11 Sales and marketing 2,879,320 2,700,301 179,019 7 General and administrative 5,840,027 3,032,759 2,807,268 93 Impairment of goodwill 4,016,722 4,016,722 100 Depreciation and amortization 239,849 117,544 122,305 104 Total costs and expenses 18,186,022 10,536,041 7,649,981 73 Loss from operations (9,354,228) (2,641,140) (6,713,088) 254 Other income (expense): Change in the fair value of digital assets (51,702) (51,702) 100 Interest Expense (1,654) (1,654) Other income (expense), net 605,644 659,856 (54,212) (8) Total other income (expense), net 552,288 658,202 (105,914) (16) Net loss before income taxes (8,801,940) (1,982,938) (6,819,002) 344 Tax benefit 33,621 33,621 100 Net loss (8,768,319) (1,982,938) (6,785,381) 342 
 
 32 

Revenue 
 The following table illustrates our revenue by type, the percentage of total revenue by type, and the change between the periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Managed Services Revenue 8,625,924 98 7,837,725 99 788,199 10 SaaS Services Revenue 205,870 2 57,176 1 148,694 260 Total Revenue 8,831,794 100 7,894,901 100 936,893 12 
 
 Managed Services revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.8 million, or 10 from the same period in 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, approximately 0.9 million of Managed Services revenue was generated from one large customer (the non-recurring customer with whom we ended our relationship with in 2023. For the quarter ending September 30, 2024, Managed Services revenue from our recurring customer base was 8.6 million, reflecting a 1.7 million, or 25 , increase compared to the same period in 2023, excluding revenues from the non-recurring customer. 
 SaaS Services revenue is generated by the self-service use of our technology platforms by marketers to manage their own content workflow and influencer marketing campaigns. SaaS Service revenue increased to 205,870 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 57,176 in the same period of 2023. The increase is mainly attributable to a higher number of licensees, partly offset by a lower price per license in the current period. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 The cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.5 million, or approximately 11 , compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily driven by higher costs associated with increased revenues from our recurring customer base this quarter. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 179,019, or approximately 7 , compared to the same period in 2023. This increase is related to overall compensation costs, partially offset by lower spend on marketing programs. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.8 million, or approximately 93 , compared to the same period in 2023. General and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in expenses during the quarter was primarily driven by higher human capital costs associated with accrued severance costs related to the departure of two company executives. These costs included accruals for severance payments, accelerated vesting of equity awards, and other severance-related benefits. Additionally, the company incurred increased professional fees related to the Cooperation Agreement and transition, as well as contractor expenses. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 In September 2024, we identified a triggering event related to the changes in executive management and Board level changes, including the Cooperation Agreement. We performed an interim assessment of goodwill using the income approach of the discounted cash flow method and the market approach of the guideline transaction method and determined that the carrying value of the Company s IZEA reporting segment as of September 30, 2024, exceeded the fair value. As a result of the valuation, the Company recorded a 4.0 million impairment of goodwill related to our prior IZEA acquisitions in the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company also performed a qualitative assessment of the carrying value of its Hoozu reporting unit, which did not indicate impairment as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 122,305, or approximately 104 , compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment was 26,821 and 26,583 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 33 

Amortization expense was 213,028 and 90,961 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to internal use software developments costs was 133,290 and 90,961 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, due to the launch of additional capitalized software projects with higher associated costs. Amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired in the Zuberance and Hoozu acquisitions was 79,738 and 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income, net, totaled 605,644 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 54,212 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily from investment portfolio interest income. 
 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.8 million, compared to the net loss of 2.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in net loss was a result of the changes discussed above. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and the change between the periods: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue 24,878,493 27,321,682 (2,443,189) (9) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 14,355,679 16,900,116 (2,544,437) (15) Sales and marketing 9,142,590 7,936,801 1,205,789 15 General and administrative 12,995,910 9,604,308 3,391,602 35 Impairment of goodwill 4,016,722 4,016,722 100 Depreciation and amortization 669,783 574,238 95,545 17 Total costs and expenses 41,180,684 35,015,463 6,165,221 18 Loss from operations (16,302,191) (7,693,781) (8,608,410) 112 Other income (expense): Change in the fair value of digital assets 28,414 28,414 100 Interest Expense (5,654) (6,373) 719 (11) Other income (expense), net 1,909,735 1,877,451 32,284 2 Total other income (expense), net 1,932,495 1,871,078 61,417 3 Net loss before income taxes (14,369,696) (5,822,703) (8,546,993) 147 Tax benefit 140,699 140,699 100 Net Loss (14,228,997) (5,822,703) (8,406,294) 144 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table illustrates our revenue by type, the percentage of total revenue by type, and the change between the periods: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Managed Services Revenue 24,172,929 97 26,958,860 99 (2,785,931) (10) SaaS Services Revenue 705,564 3 362,822 1 342,742 94 Total Revenue 24,878,493 100 27,321,682 100 (2,443,189) (9) 
 
 34 

Managed Services revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 2.8 million, or 10 from the same period in 2023. Approximately 7.7 million of the Managed Services revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 came from the non-recurring customer. Managed Services revenue from our ongoing customer base, which totaled 24.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased on the strength of improving demand by 25.8 , or 5.0 million, from the same period in 2023. 
 SaaS Services revenue is generated by the self-service use of our technology platforms by marketers to manage their own content workflow and influencer marketing campaigns. SaaS Service revenue increased to 705,564 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 362,822 in the same period of 2023. The increase is primarily due to a growing number of licensees but at a lower cost per license. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.5 million, or approximately 15 , compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease is mainly attributable to the elimination of 6.0 million in costs related to our non-recurring customer for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This reduction was partially offset by increased costs linked to higher revenues from our recurring customer base. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 1.2 million, or approximately 15 , compared to the same period in 2023. Advertising expenses increased compared to the previous year, driven by ongoing efforts to enhance customer acquisition, satisfaction, retention, and brand awareness. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 3.4 million, or approximately 35 , compared to the same period in 2023. The rise in general and administrative expenses was largely attributed to accrued severance costs related to the departure of two company executives. These costs included accruals for severance payments, accelerated vesting of equity awards, and other severance-related benefits. Additionally, the company experienced increased spending on professional services related to advisory support for both the executive transition and acquisition initiatives. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 In September 2024, we identified a triggering event related to the changes in executive management and Board level changes, including the Cooperation Agreement. We performed an interim assessment of goodwill using the income approach of the discounted cash flow method and the market approach of the guideline transaction method and determined that the carrying value of the Company s IZEA reporting segment as of September 30, 2024, exceeded the fair value. As a result of the valuation, the Company recorded a 4 million impairment of goodwill related to prior IZEA acquisitions in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company also performed a qualitative assessment of the carrying value of its Hoozu reporting unit, which did not indicate impairment as of September 30, 2024. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 95,545, or approximately 17 , compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment was approximately 80,079 and 72,529 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. Depreciation expense increased slightly due to the purchase of additional equipment. 
 Amortization expense was approximately 589,704 and 501,709 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to internal-use software development costs was 385,976 and 501,709 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets was 203,728 and 0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense totaled 5,654 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, related to fewer acquisitions of laptop computers in 2024, compared to 6,373 in the prior year period. 
 Other income, net totaled 1.9 million in investment portfolio interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 million in the prior year period, reflecting interest earned on portfolio investments that began in May 2022. 

35 

Net Loss from Operations 
 Net loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14.2 million, a 8.4 million increase from the net loss of 5.8 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in net loss was the result of lower revenues and increased operating costs in the current year period. 
 
 Key Metrics 
 We review the information provided by our key financial metrics, Managed Services Bookings, and gross billings, to assess the progress of our business and make decisions on where to allocate our resources. As our business evolves, we may change the key financial metrics in future periods. 
 Managed Services Bookings 
 Managed Services Bookings is a measure of all sales orders received during a time period, less any cancellations received, or refunds given during the same time period. Sales order contracts vary in complexity with each customer and range from custom content delivery to integrated marketing services; our contracts generally run from several months for smaller contracts up to twelve months for larger contracts. We recognize revenue from our Managed Services contracts on a percentage of completion basis as we deliver the content or services over time, which can vary greatly. Historically, bookings have converted to revenues over a 6-month period on average. However, since late 2020, we have received increasingly larger and more complex sales orders, which, in turn, has lengthened the average revenue period to approximately 9-months, with the largest contracts taking longer to complete. During the latter half of 2023, the time between bookings and revenue improved to an average of 7.5 months. For this reason, Managed Services Bookings, while an overall indicator of the health of our business, may not be used to predict quarterly revenues and could be subject to future adjustments. Managed Services Bookings is useful information as it reflects the number of orders received in one period, even though revenue from those orders may be reflected over varying amounts of time. We use the Managed Services Bookings metric to plan operational staffing, to identify key customer group trends to enlighten go-to-market activities, and to inform its product development efforts. Managed Services Bookings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 7.9 million and 7.1 million, respectively. Managed Services Bookings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 19.6 million and 20.5 million, respectively. 
 Gross Billings by Revenue Type 
 Company management evaluates our operations and makes strategic decisions based, in part, on our key metric of gross billings from our two primary types of revenue, Managed Services, and SaaS Services. We define gross billings as the total dollar value of the amounts charged to our customers for the services we perform, and the amounts billed to our SaaS customers for their self-service purchase of goods and services on our platforms. The amounts billed to our SaaS customers are on a cost-plus basis. Gross billings are therefore the amounts of our reported revenue plus the cost of payments we made to third-party creators providing the content or sponsorship services, which are netted against revenue for generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP reporting purposes. 
 Managed Services gross billings include the total dollar value of the amounts billed to our customers for the services we perform. Gross billings for Managed Services are the same as Managed Services Revenue reported for those services in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in accordance with GAAP. 
 SaaS Service gross billings include license and other fees together with the total amounts billed to our SaaS customers for their self-service purchase of goods and services on our platforms, termed Marketplace Spend Fees. Our SaaS customers marketplace spend is billed on a cost-plus basis. SaaS Services Revenue includes the total of License and Other Fees gross billings, plus the Marketplace Spend Fees gross billings (which includes our third-party creator costs on those billings that are netted against revenue for GAAP reporting purposes). 
 We consider gross billings to be an important indicator of our potential performance as it measures the total dollar volume of transactions generated through our marketplaces. Tracking gross billings allows us to monitor the percentage of gross billings that we retain after payments to our creators. Additionally, tracking gross billings is critical as it pertains to our credit risk and cash flows. We invoice our customers based on our services performed or based on their self-service transactions plus our fee. Then we remit the agreed-upon transaction price to the creators. If we do not collect the money from our customers prior to paying our creators, we could experience large swings in our cash flows. Additionally, we incur the credit risk to collect amounts owed from our customers for all services performed by us or by the creators. Finally, gross billings allow us to evaluate our transaction totals on an equal basis to see our contribution margins by revenue stream so that we can better understand where we should be allocating our resources. 
 The following tables set forth our gross billings by revenue type, the percentage of total gross billings by type, and the change between the periods: 
 36 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Managed Services Gross Billings 8,625,924 93 7,837,725 97 788,199 10 Marketplace Spend Fees 453,155 5 217,534 3 235,621 108 License Fees 151,449 2 55,331 1 96,118 174 Other Fees 45,650 (540) 46,190 (8,554) SaaS Services Gross Billings 650,254 7 272,325 3 377,929 139 Total Gross Billings 9,276,178 100 8,110,050 100 1,166,128 14 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Managed Services Gross Billings 24,172,929 93 26,958,860 94 (2,785,931) (10) Marketplace Spend Fees 1,242,088 5 1,476,982 5 (234,894) (16) License Fees 564,138 2 304,938 1 259,200 85 Other Fees 114,768 17,711 97,057 548 SaaS Services Gross Billings 1,920,994 7 1,799,631 6 121,363 7 Total Gross Billings 26,093,923 100 28,758,491 100 (2,664,568) (9) 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure under the rules of the SEC. We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings or loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation, gain or loss on asset disposals or impairment, and certain other unusual or non-cash income and expense items such as gains or losses on settlement of liabilities and exchanges, and changes in the fair value of derivatives, if applicable. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operating performance, for planning purposes, to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business and in communications with our Board of Directors regarding our financial performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA also provides valuable information to investors as it excludes non-cash transactions, and it provides consistency to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. 
 You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as under GAAP. All companies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Moreover, Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, including that Adjusted EBITDA: 
 does not include stock-based compensation expense, which is a non-cash expense, but has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense for our business and an essential part of our compensation strategy; 
 does not include stock issued for payment of services, which is a non-cash expense, but has been, and is expected to be for the foreseeable future, an important means for us to compensate our directors, vendors, and other parties who provide us with services; 
 does not include depreciation and intangible assets amortization expense, impairment charges and gains or losses on disposal of equipment, which is not always a current period cash expense, but the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; and 
 37 

does not include interest expense and other gains, losses, and expenses that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing core operating results, but these items may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the operation and growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements. In evaluating this non-GAAP financial measure, you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenses similar to those for which adjustments are made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure should also not be construed to infer that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation from the GAAP measurement of net loss to our non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (8,768,319) (1,982,938) (14,228,997) (5,822,703) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 4,016,722 4,016,722 Net increase to fair market value of digital assets 51,702 (28,414) Non-cash stock-based compensation 1,579,236 239,353 2,328,356 642,752 Non-cash stock issued for payment of services 79,057 75,003 229,063 225,012 Interest expense 1,654 1,654 5,654 6,373 Depreciation and amortization 239,849 117,544 669,783 574,238 Other non-cash items 304 304 Tax benefit (33,621) (140,699) Adjusted EBITDA (2,833,720) (1,549,080) (7,148,532) (4,374,024) Revenue 8,831,794 7,894,901 24,878,493 27,321,682 Adjusted EBITDA as a of Revenue (32) (20) (29) (16) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Near-Term and Long-Term Liquidity; Capital Resources 
 The Company s primary cash needs have historically been funding the development and integration of our technology platforms used in its business, marketing expenses, and G A expenses including salaries, bonuses, and commissions. The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flow from operations for most periods since inception, primarily the result of costs associated with third-party creators, salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation, and other G A expenses, including technology and development costs, which has resulted in a total accumulated deficit of 99.7 million as of September 30, 2024. While we have not achieved profitability, we believe we have sufficient resources to fund operations and planned investments for at least the next twelve months. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 46.0 million as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 37.4 million as of December 31, 2023. This increase of 8.5 million is the result of the maturing of certain investments, offset by cash used to fund operating activities. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used for)/provided by: Operating activities (8,657,588) (5,679,905) Investing activities 17,633,590 17,385,627 Financing activities (482,085) (1,110,484) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 8,493,917 10,595,238 
 Net cash used for operating activities was 8.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the continued use to cover operating losses. Net cash provided by investing activities was 17.6 million during the nine 
 38 

months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the maturity of marketable securities and acquisitions. Net cash used for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 482,085, which consisted of payments on shares withheld for taxes. 
 We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue the expansion of our business. We currently believe that we have adequate cash and long-term investments to fund our business growth for the next twelve months; however, should additional capital become necessary, we expect these funds would be financed predominately through proceeds from future equity, equity-based, or debt offerings, unless and until our operations are profitable and sustain our ongoing capital needs. As a result, our business success could depend, to a significant extent, upon our ability to obtain the funding necessary to support our operations. 
 Financial Condition and Outlook 
 The Company has a strong Balance Sheet, including 54.4 million in cash, short-term investments, and no debt. Our capital expenditures represent the cost of developing new features for our internal-use technology and licensed products. Operating cash flows reflect our continued investment in the growth of our product licensing and managed services businesses. 
 Our managed services revenue is down year-to-date, impacted by the loss of a significant customer in 2023 and slower overall growth. While bookings were strong in the first half of 2024, growing 46 compared to the same period in 2023, growth slowed to 11 in the third quarter, including contributions from Hoozu. Managed services revenue in the current quarter increased by 10 , through growth was flat when excluding Hoozu. Our net loss for the third quarter rose by 2.6 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, mainly due to accrued severance costs associated with the departure of our CEO and President in September 2024. 
 The Company has recorded operational losses to date. Alongside recent management and Board changes, we are conducting a comprehensive analysis of our business and exploring strategic alternatives. The Board of Directors established a Strategic and Capital Allocation Committee to, among other assignments, collaborate with management to review business strategies and formulate a plan to achieve sustainable and consistent profitability. This review is in process, with no final decisions reached as of November 14, 2024. While our core business remains solid, recent declines in managed service bookings have presented challenges. Collectively, these factors may adversely impact our future business performance, operational results, and financial position. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) as of September 30, 2024. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies as set forth in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, please refer to Note 1 Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1. Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for information on additional recent pronouncements. 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that the Company files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and 
 39 

communicated to management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Furthermore, controls and procedures could be circumvented by the individual acts of some 
 persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, an 
 evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management including our principal executive 
 officer and principal financial officer to determine the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of any unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect financial statement misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of internal control effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits and various other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in any such litigation that may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of November 8, 2024, we are not party to any legal proceedings or claims that we believe would or could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on us. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the factors discussed under Item 1A of Part I to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 regarding the numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operation may be materially and adversely affected. In such a case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. These risk factors may not identify all risks that we face, and our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. There have been no material changes to the risk factors described under Risk Factors, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

41 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IZEA, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 28, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2011). 
 3.2 Certificate of Change of IZEA, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 30, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 1, 2012). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 17, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2014). 
 3.4 Certificate of Designation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2011). 
 3.5 Certificate of Designation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2024). 
 3.6 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective January 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2015). 
 3.7 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective January 11, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2016). 
 3.8 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective June 16, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC) 
 3.9 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of IZEA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2024). 
 3.10 Articles of Merger of IZEA Innovations, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective April 5, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2016). 
 3.11 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective August 20, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2018). 
 3.12 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective December 17, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 3.13 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective December 14, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 4.1 Rights Agreement, dated May 28, 2024, between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as Rights Agent, which includes the Summary of Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit B, and Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit C (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2024). 

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2024, by and between the Company and GP Cash Management, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 10.2 Agreement and Release, dated September 6, 2024, between the Company and Edward H. (Ted) Murphy. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 10.3 Agreement and Release, dated September 6, 2024, between the Company and Ryan S. Schram. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 10.4 Employment Agreement effective as of September 6, 2024, between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Patrick J. Venetucci. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 10.5 10b5-1 Issuer Repurchase Instructions, dated September 27, 2024, between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 (a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 (a) Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 42 

101 (b) The following materials from IZEA Worldwide, Inc.'s Quarterly Report for the period ended March 31, 2024 are formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, and (v) the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained within Exhibit 101). 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 (a) In accordance with Item 601of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 (b) In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

43 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. a Nevada corporation November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Patrick J. Venetucci Patrick J. Venetucci Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31120241114.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Patrick J. Venetucci, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 14, 2024 

s Patrick J. Venetucci Patrick J. Venetucci Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31220241114.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Peter J. Biere, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 14, 2024 

s Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32120241114.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Edward Murphy, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 14, 2024 

s Patrick J. Venetucci Patrick J. Venetucci Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32220241114.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter J. Biere, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 14, 2024 

s Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 izea-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 izea-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 izea-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 izea-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 izea-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

